 Bought this case for my wife to take her camera with her on trips . It is a perfect fit for the camera -LRB- an A710 -RRB- and she rated it as `` looks great as well '' .
 This case is perfect for protecting your camera on-the-go . If you are looking for a good fit for your Canon A560 to carry in your purse with you , this is the right one for you . There is an opening in the case for the hand strap to fit through , so open your purse , grab your strap & away you go to get that perfect picture!If you need room for ANYTHING else but the camera , then DON `` T get this case ! There wo n't even be a spot for another SD disc . But like I said , it will protect your camera from being scratched up in your purse and at your fingertips as well.Happy shooting : -RRB-
 i use my camera for work so i carry it in my purse back and forth everday . fits nicely in case although a little more room in extra pocket would be great for the batteries . overall very happy .
 OK , I know how geeky this item sounds but try it , you 'll like it.My 35mm experience taught me that buying a `` Never-ready '' case was just a waste of money so when I saw `` Soft Case '' in this product 's title I rejected the idea out of hand . But after receiving my new Canon A540 I found that with the lighter weight/smaller size of this camera I was carrying it everywhere and became fearful of scratching the LCD screen or worse . So I ordered the case . `` Case '' is really the wrong word here and certainly gave me the wrong impression . It 's really more of a pouch or , since it has a belt loop , holster . This makes it a wonderful way to have your camera with you no matter where you are yet it stays out of the way and leaves you `` hands-free '' at all times until the camera is needed . Terrific for vacations/treks , I took it along a couple of weeks ago on a camping trip to Pismo Beach and walking , biking , or hiking it was always ready . I got a couple of great shots of my son biking just because the camera was there and ready . It also has a little compartment for an extra SD card or extra batteries.A tip : Just go ahead and order one with your camera . It will save you the trouble later and expense now -LRB- qualifies for free shipping ! -RRB- . You wo n't regret it!Hope this helps .
 I bought it for my A450 Canon Powershot camera . It fits very well , and I can use the front pocket for battery storage .
 The product is fine , but the cost of delivery on such a low-price item that is readily available in retail stores makes it uneconomical as an Amazon purchase .
 I guess this was designed to be a small case with its main purpose to protect the camera from scratches , etc , but I wish it had just a little more space . For example , there is a small mesh pocket under the flap that can hold a couple batteries , but I thought it would be nice to have space to take the audio/video cable with you in the case so you could show your pictures on a TV when you are traveling . This is not a big deal though . Overall , I am happy with the case and think it looks sharp and seems to be good quality thus far .
 Similar to other Powershot -LRB- I have the A40 & case -RRB- cases . No strap on this one but there is a belt loop . The camera strap that comes with the A510 and A520 threads through the hole you see pictured on top of the case . A bit tedious to do every time , though you do n't have to ; it can drape off the side . There is a small space under the flap for extra AA batteries ; 4 fit nicely . But they can fall out . Overall , a nice little case custom fit for the A510 & 20 .
 To me this is the best Canon case among the ones available to fit the new Canon A series cameras.These new digital cameras are different than the old point-and-shoot cameras made out of sturdy black plastic . We did ` nt use a carrying case for those ones , just a strap.New digital cameras get scratched and blemished easily , specially the ones with silver finish like this Canon.The case is definitely a must for protection . This one does that and makes your camera look good as well . The case is very nicely designed and the color matches the camera perfectly . The inside has a soft lining to prevent your camera from getting scratched and the material is weatherproof.I also reviewed the PSC-65 Deluxe Soft Case and I gave it five stars , but I like this one even better.I have to say there are a couple of things that I find a bit confusing here , so I will make a comparison between both cases : - This one is called the Canon PSC65 Soft Case , the other one is called The Canon PSC-65 Deluxe Soft Case . -LRB- ? -RRB- - The `` Deluxe '' soft case is $ 1 cheaper than the NOT deluxe one . -LRB- ? -RRB- - I prefer the PSC65 mainly because of its looks . The front cover or flap is a little shorter and it lets the mesh pocket on the front show . The PSC-65 front flap goes all the way down.-The mesh pocket in the PSC65 is light gray which I think armonizes better with the colour of the case and the colours of the camera . The mesh pocket in the PSC-65 is black . But then again , it all depends on your taste.-The PSC65 has a conveniently placed opening through which you can pull the camera 's strap . This makes it very comfortable to carry.The mesh pocket in front will fit up to four extra batteries or a couple of memory cards . I do n't recommend carrying extra batteries there though , because it might cause severe damage to your camera in case of impact . There is also a little pouch on the inside of the case which will carry a memory card.The price in both cases is very affordable . The difference between both cases comes to one dollar . Being originals from Canon , I recommend either of these over other brands of cases that will fit this camera.Take your pick .
 This is an adequate case for the above cameras and provides fair protection from damage . Access is easy and it has a small pocket for an extra card . However , if you are planning to purchase this for carry on luggage or a weekend trip , you will find it woefully inadequate . Just use it for carrying the camera and it will satisfy .
 When I bought this case for my Canon A510 , I was bit hesitant bcos nobody had reviewed it . But I took the risk and found that it was a good choice.My Canon A510 fits into this cover nicely -LRB- maybe perfectly -RRB- . I have to slide it vertically though . The insides are soft enuff as to not scratch the LCD . There is a small pouch in front where i keep 4 reserve AA cells.I wish there was a lanyard to this case . But there is a provision to hook it onto your belt though . But you would need to slide your belt through the case and keep the case hanging onto your belt till you get back home or to the loo !! ; - -RRB- It does not provide protection against water or dust.Not bad for less than 10 $ , right ?
 Nice compact case . Good padding to protect camera . Pocket will fit 4 batteries but they can fall out . Overall a good product for the camera .
 This case does it 's job just fine . It does protect your camera . I 've had my A520 for about four months now and I bought it together with the case . Most of these digital cameras are not as sturdy as our old 35mm films cameras . My old Canon Snappy has been thrown around , carried in backpacks and glove compartments for more than ten years without a carrying case and it only shows normal wear . These new digital cameras are different . They get scratched and blemished easily , specially the ones with silver finish like this Canon . The case is definitely a must for protection . This one does that and makes your camera look good as well . The case is very nicely designed and the color matches the camera perfectly . The price is also very affordable . Being an original from Canon , I recommend this one over other brands of cases that will fit this camera .
 Fits my canon a570is great . Compact yet fits an extra sd card and 2 spare aa 's .
 EDIT 1/23/07 -- I 've added several pictures of this case to the gallery so that you can get a better idea of what it offers.I 'm the type of person who really hates lugging around a lot of stuff as I 'm going about my day-to-day activities . This presents something of a quandary because it 's usually DURING these activities that I come across moments I 'd like to preserve via photo or video.When I got my first digital camera , I made the mistake of buying a fairly roomy camera bag that was almost twice the size of the Canon PSC-65 case . Hauling that around got old really fast , however , and I ended up taking my camera out of there and just placing it directly in my purse with no cover.I did this for several years , which resulted in a fair amount of unsightly scratches and scuffs on the camera 's finish . What was especially annoying was when I would put my camera in my purse , only to find later that the batteries have been drained because the camera had accidentally been turned on while being jostled about.So , I learned two valuable lessons from my first camera
 I JUST BOUGHT THE CANON POWERSHOT A640 CAMERA AND SO I NEEDED A CAMERA POUCH TO GO ALONG WITH IT . . SO I DECIDED TO CALL CANON SO THAT THEY CAN HELP ME FIND OUT WHICH WAS BEST FOR MY A640 . . AND SURE ENOUGH THEY REFERRED ME TO THIS ONE AND SO I BOUGHT IT THROUGH HERE OF COURSE CAUSE IT WAS CHEAPER . . FOR ONLY A DOLLAR . . ARE YOU KIDDING ME ? -LRB- NOT TO MENTION CANON WAS TRYING TO SELL IT TO ME FOR 8.00 NOT INCLUDING SHIPPING -RRB- . . AND JUST RECEIVED IT . . I LOVED IT . . FITS MY CAMERA LIKE A GLOVE ! PERFECT FIT FOR A640 OR EVEN A630 ... HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT . . UNLESS YOU WANT EXTRA EXTRA ROOM . .
 This turned out not be the best case for my needs , so I purchased something else . However , my Canon Powershot A620 fit in there just fine and so did the batteries .
 This case is way better than the reviewers say . The camera fits easily in and out of it and is good protection from bumps and bangs in your bag . Excellent value .
 Perfect case to fit my A560 . Mesh pocket on the front will hold spare batteries and SD card . There is a hole on the top which I assume is for the camera strap . This can be annoying if you wear the case on your belt and need to make a quickdraw to snap a pic .
 This case fits the Canon A550 perfectly and is lightweight . The only minor thing was that the Canon logo rubbed off the metal piece on the front after a few months ... no big deal .
 The case is comfortable . The only one thing I do n't like - when opening the case it makes big noise - as if a piece of material is breaking .
 A great lightweight case that fits and protects the Canon Powershot A series really well . Not as durable as leather , but at the Amazon price you could buy 3 or 4 of these for the price of one leather case - . No room for extras -LRB- except maybe one SD card -RRB- , but I do n't find that to be a drawback .
 If you purchase from this line a cameras it definitely worth it to buy the Canon case especially if it is a gift . It is inexpensive , protects the camera and saves you the headache of deciding which case to buy from the many that are available for small cameras .
 Excellent product and fast delivery . A must have to protect your camera.I loved the free booklet enclosed with `` how to 's '' on photo shooting .
 Perfect sized case for my new Canon digital camera . Fits snuggly and easily holds both camera and extra memory card .
 I dropped it a couple of times and my camera is still in one piece . So I guess its a good buy
 I got a powershot A560 and it fits in this case perfectly . And you can also put extra batteries or memory card in the pouch on the side . Only thing is if you do n't hold it level always , it could fall out from the case . Anyways , I dont carry extra batteries in the case and so am satisfied with the product . Other than that , this ia a soft camera case and well ... , excellent for the price ... !!! Serves well the purpose of carrying camera
 I love this case ... barely larger than the camera itself , fits easily in my purse or even sometimes coat pocket . Also , it really molds to the camera a bit and is pretty cushy - I feel confident that my camera will always be safe.Simplicity is key , and this camera case does the job well .
 A good complement to my Canon A560 . Fits well . Only downside is that the strap hole on the camera case is located in the middle . The strap of the camera is located at the top portion . Plus the front pouch for the memory card container seems to big . It always falls out . Minor inconveniences really . Good protection for the camera .
 Camera cases used to be included with a new camera , but those days are long gone . I purchased my very first digital camera , and before I ruined it by dropping it , spilling a sticky wet brew on it , etc. , I ordered this special case for it . It really is a very nice case , and was reasonably priced . My order was quickly processed and shipped to me . I could n't be happier , except I now need lessons on how to operate my camera !!!
 I recently purchased the case for my new Canon Powershot A540 , and the camera fits perfectly into the case . It has a nice compact , snug fit and is n't too bulky looking . I like the fact that it has the extra pockets , even though I wish they were bigger ; but with the sleekness and compact design it would have looked too big with pockets that were any bigger . I also kind of wish the closure was more secure and protected the part of the camera that is exposed from dust . But this case was the best deal for such a low price . The company that shipped it to me was excellent and timely . It came before the estimated delivery date and the price could n't be beat .
 I have to admit that it was sleeker than it looks now . It is not like the pretty leather case for other canon cams . But my cam is a710is , not the pretties looking camera on the market , and it needs the right fit as it has a right hand grip.As some user posted the pics , it only get covered 2/3 of the thinner camera body and the the grip is on the opening side . It was tight initially but gets better over the time.The belt loop was a great idea and it is not wobbly if you have to run having it attached to your waist . very secure . And the material is thick and I believe it is water-resistant . All I wished was , though , it could be smarter looking with more color vatiations . I thought it was not the best price before the purchase , but once used it for a 2 week travel in all kinds of weather situations , I thought the practical side shined over the design aspect.With my710is , I could not have any extra space for batteries , and I would not put them together as the batteries will scratch the camera anyway .
 I own a Canon A540 and i brought this case to protect my investment . Its a very good case for keeping your camera safe from scratches and dust . It has a belt look which is very useful so you doesnt have to bother carrying it in your had . Overall for its price its really a worthy buy to keep your Canon A series cameras safe . Well i could have give it a 5 stars if they had more selection of colors . . I wanted a black one . Anyways it perfectly serves the purpose . I recommend it . .
 positives
 This case is a perfect for the camera ! There is a small mesh pocket on the front for extra batteries-makes it a little bulky but works - There is a slot inside for an extra memory card . The entire inside is felt-lined , extremely soft and protective of camera , expecially the LCD screen . I agree the one of the previous reviews about the hole on top needing be a little more aligned , but it still serves its purpose . I have the Powershot A540 , and it fits like a glove . I can remove it quickly , take a picture with no problem-easy access . For the price , it 's an awesome buy to protect your investment ! Cannon should consider packaging these WITH the camera . In my opinion , when you invest in a quality camera with a warranty , memory card -LRB- s -RRB- , possibly a memory card reader , etc , the case should be a `` given '' .
 THIS CASE WORKS PERFECTLY FOR '' QUICK DRAW '' ACCESS AND PROTECTS THE CAMERA FROM BRUSHING UP AGAINST SOMETHING , WHICH MAY CAUSE IT TO BE SCRATCHED OR DAMAGED . IT ALSO FITS MY CANNON A540 PERFECTLY .
 Case has nice lines and comfortable to use - perfect fit for the A540 camera .
 I bought this case for .79 cents and it fits my A710 IS great . The product is lightweight , protective and efficient for my personal use .
 The case is good quality . Excellent shipping . Has room for an extra SD card , but I would n't keep batteries in the storage area .
 The Canon A540 camera fits perfectly . What I especially liked is its compact size , so that sitting and driving with this case on my belt was no problem . It could use a velcro fastener for the front pouch to keep the batteries in place . I ordered a second one as I discovered that my video IPOD fits perfectly .
 Fits Canon 530 camera well . Has room for 2 batteries in front pouch . Packaged well and arrived before Christmas .
 Great case with multiple pockets for memory and battery.Low price -- recommended A + + + +
 I ordered this for my new Canon PowerShot A710 IS . The fit is great . It should do a very good job , in protecting my investment .
 I bought this case for my new Canon A640 camera . I wanted a case that would offer protection , yet was compact enough that I could carry the camera in my purse . After all , I have a brand new camera , and I 'm taking it with me everywhere . The case is a snug fit , exactly what I wanted . I 'm only giving it 4 stars because there is a pouch for extra batteries , but if you put batteries in there , you 'll never get the case shut . There is no wrist strap , but I just leave the camera wrist strap hang out . There is also a belt loop on the back .
 I liked the case when I saw it . It is good to hold my A530 , the color , material is also good and it looks stylish . The only problem is , you can not carry extra batteries/memory card/usb cable etc in it . But at the same time it is very small to handle .
 This cover is best for the Canon Powershot A530 that i purchased . It fits nicely and still has some space for the battery , SD Card case . The material is soft .
 This little case is well worth it ! There have been at least 4 times when I have dropped my camera , but thankfully nothing happenned because of this little case . I highly recommend those who have n't bought this case , go ahead spend the few bucks and you wo n't regret it.I also love the fact that you can latch this on to your belt .
 Saved my youngest dughter 's Powershot A520 camera lens cover blades from certain destruction in her backpack .
 Excellent ! How much more can I say about a camera case right ? : DGood Quality , seems Durable -LRB- time will tell -RRB- .
 VERY happy with this case ! There is a pocket inside the case -LRB- behind the camera -RRB- for an extra memory card and a larger area in front that I stuff batteries in . I like the camera loop threading through the case ~ makes it easier to carry and I do not worry that the case may open and the camera will fall .
 Nice snug fit . Camera handle loops through hole in case if you so desire . Open flap and the case has a small pocket to slip a memory card and/or two batteries in there . Has a belt loop , but you need to supply your own clip . Would have like to have had a shoulder strap with camera and/or case . Mostly would have liked a little more storage room for USB cable so on vacation could upload additional photos to laptop . Also , it 'd be nice to have room for battery charger and more extra batteries . But then that would be a different case!Otherwise a nice little case for 6 dollars !
 it was okay . However , the camera cord keeps getting tangled in the velcro closure of the case .
 it 's got a little cush to it , so I do n't have to worry about bumps and scratches - I love it , Thanks !!
 I bought this case because I bought an A630 Canon from Amazon because it was listed as made for this camera , among others . The camera fits really tight and it has a pocket for batteries , sdcard , etc. , but they all better be paper thing because there 's really no room , well maybe one sd card , but that 's it .
 I bought this case for my Canon 530 and it fits like a glove . it looks very niuce and it has space for 2 batteries or more SD 's cards . Inside , it has space for 1 SD card -LRB- without the case -RRB- It has a hole on top for the camera hold string to go by.Fantastic !!!!!!! I had a MUCH bigger case and I did not like it for this camera . Now , I can put this camera inside the bigger case and get extra protection to go through airports and carry the camera . I also get to take the cable to connect it to my computer in the bigger case .
 An excellent way to protect my new camera ... i have not had any problems with it ... i recomend a case for any camera .
 The only complaint I have is that it is a bit tight near the setting dial , so you can accidentally switch settings while removing the camera . Inverting the camera results in the zoom dial getting squished in one direction all the time , which can probably wear out the spring . Other than that , the case fits snugly !
 I ordered this case for my Canon Powershot A550 . The case is a perfect size for this particular camera and will also hold an extra SD card and two extra batteries . It has a loop so that you can wear it on your belt . It is perfect for me .
 With an A710IS it 's just big enough to hold the camera and two extra batteries -LRB- extra memory card if you like as well -RRB- -- good feel , durable , well worth the money .
 Perfect fit for my Canon A710 , with just enough room for a SD card and 2 extra batteries . I can now throw it in my purse and not worry about scratching . The only thing it 's missing IMO is a strap . I 'm not willing to take the time to thread the camera strap though the little hole in the top of the bag , so I let it hang out the side .
 I bought this case and a Canon A710 together . The case is a very nice fit and easy to carry on a belt while not adding too much bulk so that it can be placed in a bag or most or the purses . For A710 the outer pouch is better for two AA batteries instead of four.The padding , exterior look and the general feel of the case are all very good . For A710 use , it is possible to unintentionally turn on the camera while it is in the case , or while inserting it in / removing it from the case . I leave the camera in ` Display ' mode to avoid the lens being extended if accidently turned on while in the case . This adds a second or so on each power on and off , but better than having the lens extended while in a tight-fitting case.Highly recommended .
 I got this stuff as a gift for a friend of mine . He seems to be happy using it . So I am giving this a 5 star .
 I ordered on friday 12 2005 , shipping on Sunday 14 and delivery on Wednesday 17 with FREE Super Saver Shipping .
 Fits my Powershot A560 perfectly . Only reason it gets 4 stars is because the net pouch on the side is useless . Anything you put in it -LRB- read extra batteries -RRB- will fall out unless the case is kept perfectly level .
 The bag is well made for the canon camera . It is compact .
 Fits camera real well . Storage compartment could be a little larger , but the price ca n't be beat .
 It is a very nice case but I gave it 4 stars because you must remove your belt to thread it into the case strap . This could be embarassing in public.The size is about right for the Canon A710 . It does n't have enought room for batteries which would be nice but it would make it larger .
 This is a must for the price , loop it through your belt , and your camera is there protected when you need it . The pocket is handy for battery storage if you need fresh batteries . But to be honest since I bought GOOD rechargables -LRB- NiCAd Sony -RRB- I have taken many , many pics and have n't had to replace them yet .
 Seems padded enough to protect the camera . Small enough , not bulky .
 It protects your canon camera , and has just enough room for an extra memory card and a couple of batteries , yay .
 First , it 's fairly inexpensive . Especially when you consider that keeping the LCD screen on a camera pristine is important and practically impossible without a case . It is big enough to hold the camera and an extra set of batteries . It also has a sleeve , behind the camera , for an extra SD card .
 Small , fits on a belt , protects the camera & has room for an extra memory card
 This case works well for the cameras specified . It does n't have any bells or whistles , it 's just a holder to keep the camera from getting scratched .
 Great case for my camera . At a great price of about $ 5.00 . Ca n't get much better than that .
 The case is made of high quality material and fits my Canon powershot A700 perfectly . I would have given it 5 stars if the case had a seperate compartment for carrying an extra set of batteries . There is just enough room to carry the camera and an extra memory chip . No extra batteries .
 After reviewing my options to purchase for my new Canon A540 we chose this case and I 'm glad I did ! Nice snug fit for the camera , extra compartments for a memory card & batteries , no need for a strap , you are already provided one with the camera .
 A nice case for a nice camera , it has pockets for 4 extra batteries and a memory card or two but not exactly very spacious . It 's a pretty small , and not to bulky and provides adequate protection for the camera . Also includes a belt loop .
 The case holds the camera nicely - allows easy access to the camera and allows the carrying strap to stay on the camera and slide through the case easily
 If you have a A510 or A520 & you hate carrying it in your hand , rather have your hands free , this is great . One draw back though , its a belt loop not a swivel , I 'm very active at work or off so I prefer to have a swivel on it . Last , its a must have for now till something better comes out , it protects your camera .
 I like the soft case . It fits in my purse well and protects the camera very well . I 've seen other cases at Wal-mart etc. , but I think the Canon case was the best one .
 Not much to say here - it fits the camera well , has a hole for the lanyard to fit through , and has a little mesh pocket for extra SD cards . Perfect for my A520 .
 This is a must have item if you have a Canon A510 or a A520 camera . It protects the camera from scratches and it goes really well with the product . It is a lot better to have your camera protected by this case than not to . Although it has a belt loop , if you are not wearing a belt , then you can not carry it on you and that is a bit of a down fall for this product . It has space for some battery but I would n't recommend you put it in , they might fall and damage.Excelent quality product !!
 The Deluxe Soft Case fits my A550 perfectly . It 's construction is in the exactness of Canon quality and is easy to carry . I would definitely buy it if I wanted a case that is better than the rest .
 The front storage pocket is just big enough to carry a couple of extra AA batteries . The camera fits snugly inside but is easy to remove for use .
 this is a good case for the camera . it losses out on the looks though.moreover to wear it one has to remove his belt .
 I bought this case to go with the Canon A560 camera I also purchased from Amazon , and the camera fits the case very nicely . Considering the low cost , and the fact that Canon does not include a case with the A560 , I would not hesitate to buy it again.The case has a small pocket inside to store an extra card . Nice touch.I gave it 5 stars since it 's a great case , but I wish it had two features . I wish it had a way to attach it to the camera itself -LRB- to keep from accidentally losing the case -RRB- , and I wish it had a pocket to store extra batteries .
 Holds my A550 perfectly . Has space for extra memory cards and up to four batteries on the front pocket . I am completely satisfied with this case .
 Nice color , nice fit . I like the Canon logo on the side , matches the camera . Seems sturdy and I believe it will protect the camera should it be dropped , etc. . It was discounted with the camera purchase so it was a win-win . Amazon service and shipping was first rate as usual .
 This is a nice little case which I am using for my canon A700 . The fit is very nice . There is a little pouch in the front of this case which can be used for a few different items like an extra memory card or a couple of extra batteries . On the negative side the batteries move easily when the camera is not in the case and can fall out . Would have been nice if they had made it with sleeves in it to place the batteries and hold them firmly . On the whole its a good product and i would recommend it Mike D
 Fits my camera -LRB- A700 -RRB- PERFECTLY . Seems to be very durable case . Has all the -LRB- very -RRB- little pockets I need . Great product
 A very nice canon A510 camera case at a great price .
 Nice looking soft case . I have a Canon A520 and it fit perfect , has a little pocket that I use for an extra pair of batteries , and inside the case there is a little pocket too that I use it to store an extra memory card
 This case made by Canon fits my A510 like a glove . Its all I could want .
 My son bought this for me for Christmas . It is great . I have never owned a digital camera before . I have an Elph APS and I love it . The A520 is a great buy for a beginner . I have learned to take pictures and movies , download to my computer . The manual is a little hard to understand , but I figure I 'll learn sooner or later . The camera is compact and durable . All the parts seem to be well made . I did call canon before choosing this camera . They were very helpful about tips etc. .
 With my previous point and shoot cameras the case wound up in a drawer and the camera in a pocket . This case is different , because it is less bulky and allows for quick access to the camera . The Camera strap holds the case on the wrist while the camera is being used . It even holds an extra set of AA batteries .
 My camera fits perfectly & it holds batteries . Nice inexpensive case .
 I bought this for my recently purchased A640 . It 's a tight fit , and does nothing more than hold the camera . It would have been nice to get a case that might hold , for example , an extra set of batteries . You can carry an extra memory card , but that 's about it . On the other hand , it does the job it 's intended to do , which is protect the camera , for example when I want to toss it in a backpack or a carry-on when going on a trip . The product itself is fine , seems to be well-made . No complaints about the product itself .
 Bulkier than I was looking for , but good for the price .
 arrived timely and in good condition . a good buy for the money .
 The case is great ! It fits the camera perfectly and is exactly what I expected to receive when ordering . The price was right but the shipping was a little higher than I expected .
 This case nicely holds the camera , a card , and 2-4 extra batteries -LRB- I think 4 is a little too tight of a fit -RRB- . It provides good shock & bump insulation without being too bulky . I 'm very glad I bought this for my A700 .
 If you have a Canon camera -LRB- one of the listed models -RRB- you NEED this case . This will protect your camera and keepy your mind at ease . Also ... it may be a small case , which some do n't like ... but it is wonderful for those who only need the camera and an extra SD card . Buy this case , it is definitely worth your 5 bucks !
 Great fit for the Canon A570IS . I have room for an additional card or two . As for batteries , you will need a bigger case , which I have . I simply wanted a case just for the camera . This is perfect .
 This is a fairly basic case , but it fits the Canon A710 snugly and does n't add too much bulk . I wish it were available in more colors .
 Since it is from Canon , so you can expect it to be great fit for your camera
 Light and substantial , this was just the ticket for my intended use as a belt holster .
 This case was recommended when I purchased my Cannon Elph . It is a pretty nice case but WAY too big for my small camera .
 This is a good item if you want to be able to keep your camera in your purse , backpack or bag . It will protect it . It is pretty snug fitting so there is no room for an extra set of batteries .
 great product ! I especially like the hole on top where the camera strap doubles as a case strap !
 I bought this case for my son to go with his Canon A710 IS . It is well made of heavy nylon and mesh and a soft fleece lining and looks great in shades of blue/grey . It is very compact , with a belt loop on the back , a very tiny pocket inside to hold an extra memory card and a small pocket on the outside front that really wo n't hold much . It 's designed to allow you to have your camera instantly at hand by wearing it on your belt but will not replace a larger bag for your camera necessities and accessories . Your camera fits snugly and securely but there is no room for anything else .
 This is a great case for my Canon A540 camera . Netting on front provides a great place for spare batteries , only problem is , when the camera is not in the case , you must be careful not to lose anything because the netting becomes `` loose '' . I suspect similar problems with the spare memory card pocket on inside of case . Despite drawbacks , I would still recommend this case .
 There are hundreds of kinds of cases in the market . Some do n't fit , some fits but with extra spaces in it . If you buy a camera , make sure that the accessories you buy are compatible with the product . I like this case . I like its quality and convenience . . When you buy a camera worth for more than $ 200 , why do you want to go a cheaper case , especially cheaper than $ 10 .
 This case is great for my canon powershot A520 . It can hold the extra batteries in the pocket should I need them and the strap to the camera loops through the hole in the case for easy carrying .
 it perfectly fit to my A520 ... excellent with comparisn to price . . just $ 4 . Could u believe it ! always recommended . .
 The case is exactly what I expected and needed . Nothing more and nothing less . It fits the camera nice and cozy and the pockets on the front and inside provide for storage of extra batteries and/or memory cards .
 Fits my camera nicely . Small enough to carry camera within case in my purse . Has small pocket on front for extra digital card or batteries . Other features I like
 Luckily I had it in this case ; the case padding protected the camera from the shock.This case is compact and comes with a belt loop so you ca n't carry it on you if you 're not wearing a belt . You can insert the camera strap through the hole on the flap top -LRB- see picture -RRB- . There is a small space under the flap for 4 AA batteries and a memory card . You might want to watch out though , the batteries may fall.For the price , this case does an outstanding job protecting your camera from scratches or damage . The case is great for the occasional outing but lacks room if you want to carry a memory reader , USB cable and other accessories .
 IT GIVES THE PROTECCION AND THE HANDLING YOU ARE LOOKING FOR.BUY IT ALONG WITH THE CAMERA NO REGRETS !
 I bought one for my Canon A530 , it 's a perfect fit ! You need to have to protect , and carry your Powershot . It has a belt loop that you can thred your belt , or strap through it . It 's a quality piece .
 Bought this to go with our Canon A710 . There is a sleeve inside for an extra SD card and a pocket that nicely holds two extra AA batteries . It was exactly what I was looking for in a case .
 Great case . Small , soft , and compact , with extra space for batteries . HOWEVER , the hole for the camera strap is in the center , which means that if your camera strap attaches anywhere OTHER than the middle of the camera , it does n't line up with this case . Minor detail . For example , the strap of the A530 is near the top of the camera , so the strap goes out the side of the case , unless you pull it sideways to go through the case hole .
 This is a nice case that does the job . It holds the camera snugly and securely and has a pocket inside for an extra memory card . There is little room for more than your camera , which helps it to be more on the compact side .
 I received my Canon digital camera for Christmas . While I began to use it immediately , I quickly became aware of the potential damage it might sustain when being transported in a coat pocket or in a purse . I went on line at Amazon , searched for camera accessories , and found this option . I was a little skeptical
 I bought this for a Canon A550 as a basic protection case . It fits that bill perfectly , but it could be padded a little better , and I would like to see a ring or two on the case to attach a carry cord or strap . The front pocket under the flap is just the right size for a second set of batteries , or -LRB- as I use it -RRB- for the USB cord .
 I bought this case for my A710IS camera because I wanted to protect it from scratches and bumps , etc. . Since I carry it in my purse most of the time this was perfect for me , as there is no long strap adding extra bulk , though there is a belt loop on the back in case you want to wear it on your belt and a hole at the top for the camera strap to go through if you like . My camera fits in very nicely , snug , but not tight . There is a place in the front under the flap where you can put batteries , but they are n't very secure there , and inside the case there is a tiny pocket for an extra SD card -LRB- without the card case . -RRB- I 'm sure it works great for those who are always careful , but I 'm one who often whips out my camera in a hurry , and I lost an SD card from the pocket on an outing where I did a lot of `` whipping '' . I 'm not saying this to complain , as to have better storage would also mean having extra bulk , and I wanted a case that was compact . So I am very happy with it - I just know that I am not one who is going to be careful enough to use the little pocket storage.Oh , and my case looks a little different from the picture being shown right now , as the flap only comes 2/3 of the way down on the front , which does n't really matter to me either way .
 Case fits my Canon A540 digital camera very well . Nice price . Nice quality . A good buy .
 Great item , super fast shipping , better than I expected .
 The camera fits nicely into the case . There is a spot for an extra SD card on the inside of the case . The only downside is that the size of the spot is big enough for the card only . The case for the card will not fit and I 'm not comfortable having an unprotected SD card in there . The good news is that there is room in the other spot for both the SD card case and an extra set of batteries so we 're good to go .
 This case is a perfect match for the Canon A540 . It has good padding and the camera fits snugly inside but it 's not hard to get it out either . A must have to protect your investment .
 Why use another case when this one is built specifically for this camera?I like it , it 's sleek and belt-mountable . Also has enough padding so you can throw it in a backpack , suitcase , etc. .
 I purchased this case for my Canon A530 camera . I find that it does a great job of being light , durable , and compact . It keeps the camera clean and scratch free . However I wish the case had a better carrying capacity . I would have liked a bit more space for spare batteries and chips . I use different ones for different pictures or video . Batteries do tend to give out after a long day shooting and convient extras would be handy.The case has beltloops but not a good shoulder strap for times when a belt is not worn . That can be a bit akward . Otherwise this case is a good protector of my camera and fits it well .
 A520 camera fits perfectly . Room for extra SD card and spare batteries .
 Basic , convenient - just set the phone in it , and it charges . No muss , no fuss , good contact with phone , and now you 're not wearing out the connectors in the phone just to charge it . A little big , but stable . For at-home use of the phone , it 's nice .
 Serve its purpose well . Somewhere to put my phone and charge it at the same time .
 Very good accessory for your phone . If you use your phone at home very much , it is a great option to keep it charged .
 Excellent Speakers ! Nice visual , compact , great sound ! Simple the best I 've ever seen.thanks a lot .
 Bought this pair of speakers today , and are primary used for netbook -LRB- you know the internal speakers always suck -RRB- , this pair gives a big boost.I do n't expect much because the speaker size and USB powered , but I am satisfied somewhat when I use it with netbook.It comes with case , AC adapter with plugs for different countries -LRB- good for travelling -RRB- , cables . The only shortcoming is lacking batteries.I recommend this pair if you have netbook , and the price is not more than $ 30 .
 Great response from small speakers . The convenience of plugging into USB port makes for a great travel companion . Base response is slightly limited and the unit would be improved with base and treble control .
 I ordered these speakers for $ 26.95 plus shipping from the `` All '' store . The price was soooo much lower than all of the other stores , I figured I would get a reply saying that the price was mistake.I promptly received the product , as advertised and in good condition , and it appeared that fulfillment was done by Amazon as Amazon was listed on the return address.The speakers sound great by my self-admitted unsophisticated standards . I can not explain the low price , but given that I received the merchandise , I can not complain .
 These are the best sounding portable USB speakers I 've heard . I also love the flat style of the speakers and case . It makes it easy to pack into a laptop case or a suitcase for portability.They 're made of a sturdy plastic with aluminum grills and flip-under stands , which makes them very durable - important if you travel . I 've never used the auxiliary input , so I ca n't comment as to how well it works with a portable audio device.The biggest con for me is the lack of a headphone jack . When these speakers are connected to your laptop , it disables the built-in speakers and sound card -LRB- naturally -RRB- . To switch to headphones , you have to disconnect the USB connection , then close and relaunch whatever application you 're using with audio . It 's a minor nuisance , but enough for me to take away a star . Another minor nuisance is the fact that it disables the use of any hard volume control buttons you have on your laptop , and volume is controlled either via the speaker itself , or through your control panel . Again , the workaround is to not use the USB cable and connect from your computer 's headphone out into the auxiliary input , but that requires an extra cable in addition to the USB or AC cable , which defeats half the purpose of USB speakers.A good buy to me . Well worth the money , but before buying you should be aware of the two issues stated above . If using headphones and hard volume controls are not that important to you , this is the ultimate buy .
 I owned the previous version , which eventually gave out . But these are so much better ! Unbelievable sound . Includes power adapter -LRB- a new feature -RRB- which means I can use with my portable MP3 or DVD player without powering up the laptop . Great travel case . As for the USB connection , mine works great and I can still use my laptop 's volume control buttons . As for the headphones issue , that 's a Window 's issue , not these speakers . Anytime you have multiple sound systems installed , only the one using the system 's sound board will allow us of the headphone jack . So , just open the Windows controls -LRB- Control Panel - > Sounds - > Audio tab -RRB- and switch to the onboard and you can use headphones . No need to disconnect .
 Heard about these speakers on XM Radio and decided to buy and try them . When I got them was surprised at how easy to connect and the sound . Sound is just Fantastic . My laptop never sounded so good with all the music I have downloaded . Recommend these to anyone useing a laptop at home .
 I bought these speakers to go with my MacBook Pro to do on-site recording & mixing with my ProTools M-Box rig . In a word , these are great . I chose them over the Logitech speakers because you have the option to power them either via USB or via A/C - so you can plug your iPod or portable CD player into them , for example.Frequency response is excellent , and the imaging / detail is particularly noteworthy . No they do n't really crank & will distort in the bass at high volumes , but there has to be a tradeoff somewhere . There 's a subwoofer out -LRB- which I have n't tried -RRB- , but if you need louder volumes / more bass , you could plug a subwoofer into them & you should be all set.They come with a nifty little carrying case and lots of adapters for international A/C outlets . A little pricey , but I think a fair value .
 I was concerned that such small speakers would sound tinny , lacking any substance , particularly in the lower tones . But they really shine . The bass is wholesome and solid . Just do n't expect from these speakers what you would expect from larger PC speakers.Useful info that is not included in the tech details or description :1 . You can connect this via USB to a standalone USB port for power only , and the provided male-to-male audio cable to your computer 's Audio Line-Out jack , and it works like a charm . So if for software/support reasons your USB does n't provide sound to the speakers , it still works via this option , and you do n't need to use the -LRB- provided -RRB- AC adaptor . In my case , I use a KVM switch with multiple computers , which gets sound to the speakers via such a male-to-male audio cable , from the selected computer . The speakers get power via the USB cable connected to a USB hub that is built-in on my monitor , of all things , with this hub not being connected to any computer . Result
 These ridiculously good looking -LRB- yes it looks better than in the pictures -RRB- speakers sound even better!I bought a set for my laptop so that I could use them to watch movies at the hotel on my business trips but I liked them so much that I bought 2 more sets , one for my office and one for my home computer for my kids.They 're absolutely fantastic ! Great buy , great sound and great price too !
 Like many , I 've found the transition from LPs to CDs did n't solve the space requirements of music storage . CD jewel boxes are n't as tall as LP 's , but they 're thicker . Stored spine-out on shelves , they absorb a surprising amount of wall space . Stored spine-up in drawers , they grow heavy in aggregate , and require rugged cabinets with industrial-strength roller suspension . Even worse , jewel boxes are a fragile container , and I 've found myself replacing cracked and broken parts on a regular basis.Some collectors have chosen to rip their CDs and store the physical artifacts in the basement , but this leaves the booklets and tray cards out of easy reach . Better would be a storage system that takes less space , weighs less , and is less fragile.Enter the Jewel Sleeve.The Jewel Sleeve is made of heavy duty vinyl with a compartment lined in non-woven fabric for CD protection . The CD booklet fits into the front-most compartment , the CD in the next , and the tray card -LRB- with the side tabs fully extended -RRB- in the rear . A small pouch at the top provides a space for an index card , laser-printer-ready sheets of which are provided . Fully loaded , a Jewel Sleeve is about 1/3 the thickness of a standard jewel box.Once you 've decanted your CDs into sleeves , you can either store them in one of the chests sold by Jewel Sleeve 's vendor , or you can improvise . I 've stored mine in cardboard bin boxes -LRB- such as the B36 model from Tharco -RRB- , and stored the boxes on inexpensive shelving purchased at a home supply store.The density of this storage system is vastly superior to lining your CDs up on shelves , but it comes at a logistical price
 I ran out of room for my extensive CD collection several years ago and began looking at converting to some sort of compact storage . Realizing that the plastic case takes up a huge amount of room and weighs quite a bit , I looked for some way of discarding this bit of detritus . I looked at moving my discs to notebook like holders . I found a system that would hold the disc and the front booklet - but what about the back liner ? I admit I am obsessive anal completist who does not want to discard any useful bit of the album , so eliminating the back liner -LRB- with the handy listing of tracks -RRB- is impossible.Enter the Jewel Sleveve system . The Jewel Sleeve is a compact storage pouch that has places to hold the CD , the front booklet and the back liner . You can get these sleeves through Amazon , but the company offers various storage methods for the jewel sleeves , one of which is a 3 or 4 drawer chect -LRB- with optional rolling base -RRB- . These 3-drawer chest is about the size of a night stand and holds 1000 CDs . So slick to have 1000 CDs stored in the space of night stand with all documentation right there at your fingertips . The company also makes heavy-duty portable storage chests for transporting your CDs.So now I have 3 chests , 2 are 3-drawer and 1 is 4-drawer . All chests have the rolling base as those chests are extremely heavy and if you need to vacuum or shift the chest it would be impossible without the base . Conversion to the Jewel Sleeve involved the laborious process of disassembling CDs and inserting them into the sleeves . This is a wonderful job for a rainy or snowy night watching TV . Friends are very useful as well . Then throw away -LRB- or donate to the library -RRB- most of the CD cases . Save some as you may need to reconstitute a CD for some reason.Now how about competing products - DiscSox makes a storage system that is slightly smaller in size than the Jewel Sleeve . The DiscSox version loads from the bottom/side while Jewel Sleeve is top loading for the CD . I have purchased DiscSox for two disc sets and found them to be compatible with the Jewel Sleeve system . The bottom loading is not as effective as the top-loading of the Jewel Sleeve - the discs occasionally fall out if not held just so , and the adhesive bond holding the bottom of the case together relaxes , loosening the retention of the CD in the case . But the Discsox sleeves fit into the storage made by the Jewel Sleeve people and theses sleeves provide a means to store 2-disc sets while retaining all CD material . Note
 These are a FANTASTIC idea I hope you go ahead with - you 'll be sooo happy you did!Your discs stay clean and are secure enough not to fall out of the sleeve easily on you . There is room for your cover art -LRB- or booklet -RRB- and for the back piece of the CD info -- and it 's a little tight , but if you have a 2 CD set , both CDs will fit into the 1 sleeve with your artwork.The amount of storage space you save by using these sleeves is INCREDIBLE ! And once you put your CDs into these sleeves , there are so many options for how to store them attractively -LRB- or just practically -RRB- . I am in the process of moving to a smaller place and now I need much fewer boxes to move my CDs in , and much less space in the new place to store them . I 'm sooo happy I found these , and very pleased with this product . I highly recommend them !! ============= BTW
 I 've been ordering Jewelsleeves for about 10 years and I am always happy with the product and service . I have custom CD shelves that can hold thousands of CDs , but my collection is so extensive that I found myself having to pull discs out and put them in storage in order to accomodate new discs . With Jewelsleeves , I 'm able to have close to 4 times the number of CDs in these easily-accessible shelves . They were a game-changer for me !
 These are the best things that I have found to protect and reduce the space taken up by CD 's . They are expensive but worth it . The quality is excellent and they handle all of the documentation that comes with a cd .
 I 've transitioned to the jewel sleeves several years ago , and I find the sleeves to be very well made , and compact.The one problem I have is finding something to store them in other than the storage chests the manufacturer sells . In my opinion , while they look well made , they are quite expensive . If anyone has found a less expensive storage solution for Jewel Sleeves that features drawers rather than shelves , I 'd be interested to hear about it .
 Customer service was excellent . When contacted they were able to stand behind the product and give a reasonable explanation of it .
 I bought this to replace my original AC Adapter -LRB- Which got stolen . -RRB- It works great too . Different model number , same 90W ac adapter .
 I connected this system to a Hitachi 43 inch Wide Screen HDTV and I have to say I 'm impressed . First let me say that this is by no means a $ 10,000 dollar custom home theatre system , but for a decent size room it 's all your gon na need and more!It comes with 5 good speakers for surround sound , they are pretty heavy and appear well built . The sub is NOT powered , but kicks out 100 watts . It 's plenty to shake the walls!The progressive scan 5 disc DVD player is a steal on this system . It 's got component out which gives you the HDTV quality DVD picture . *** MAKE SURE YOUR TV CAN ACCEPT COMPONENT VIDEO *** If will have 3 colored connectors on the back.The reciever pushes a total of 600 watts . It 's got more plugs than you 'll have wires to connect to it . There are plenty of adjustments that can be made to the sound , which is always nice.In short , this is a great higher end system -LRB- relatively speaking -RRB- and comes through with what you think you 'd get from a $ 600 plus system . It rocks . -- A few quick notes -- You may want to buy monster cables with this , as the wires they give you are n't long enough -LRB- for rear speakers -RRB- and does n't supply official component wires . Ask your store rep what you need . I suggest the `` monster home theatre in a box '' pre-packaged set -LRB- around 30 bucks -RRB- and the component wires.Secondly , MANY people will tell you that a `` home theatre in a box '' like this one is no good . They may correct when talking about systems between 1-400 dollars , but once your over 500 your getting into some VERY sweet systems . I went to ... and heard everything form the low end sony to the expensive BOSE system . The Kenwood was the best sounding most feature rich that I came accross . Now you ca n't compare a Kenwood to a custom made Klipsch set that gets into the thousands , but TRUST me a system like this will impress you!AND ... I have heard that the Sony DVD Dream system -LRB- for the same price as the kenwood -RRB- is NOT much of a system . It 's built more around looks and a DVD player than the actual sound . It claims 500 watts , but sounds too light for most tastes . Your probably paying more for the name and how `` pretty '' this thing looks more than the quality . I LOVE sony , have a 36 inch WEGA , but this time I 'd advise staying far far away from DVD dreams !!! Hope this helps and good luck !
 Recent Update : After buying an HDTV , I went in search of a new system -LRB- settling on an onkyo -RRB- to replace this one . The main reasons were the kenwood has only 2 digital inputs , no component switching , and a weak passive sub.I recently purchased this system at a best buy during a promotion , so I got the system + monster cabling for 500 . I compared the system to the Sony and to the various other systems in the store , and by far I found this to have the nicest , cleanest , deepest sound.I was considering one levle down , the 505 . That system did not have a DVD player , was a 100 bucks cheaper , had a notch down in the receiver but does have a powered sub . In comparing the sound quality , I thought that the 705 was at least 1.5 - > 2.0 X better . With the addition of the DVD changer , it 's a no brainer . In terms of sound quality , the only systems -LRB- in Best Buy -RRB- that I found to have higher quality were on the 1000.00 ballpark.Operation of the system is excellent . Sound and picture quality are noticeably improved . The Prologic II is excellent , makes DVDs completely immersive.Overall , I have no complaints about the quality of the system . I think this is a super deal particularly if you can get ahold of any dealings to get the monster cables with it -LRB- 10 - > 50 % improvement with those cables at least , I think -RRB- the DVD/MP3/CD changer is very nice . Setup on the system is easy with cable + vcr + DVD that came with it + XBox . The XBox has a surround kit that I have not yet researched , but if it works will buy.Now the bad stuff :1 -RRB- MP3 names do n't scroll . For 500 bucks , I think this should have a feature my 80 dollar CD/MP3 has .2 -RRB- Complex Remotes . I think this is almost every system on this level , but having used a few I think this one is particularly complicated . You basically need to read through the book to do almost anything but the simplest controls properly .3 -RRB- Monster Cable Orientation . When I setup my system with the monster theater pack , I noticed on day 2 terrible sound . The intuitive slant downward orientation of the cables was wrong , and they had all slipped out . I had to flip them all 180 degrees . After this no problem , but this was annoying .
 I am really impressed with the MFC-5440CN . I have used network printer devices of various types . This is the first time I have seen one that every feature is available to all network users . Fax , scan , print , all work just like it was directly attached . Set up was dead simple , no problems on any of the 5 different machines I installed the software on . Working both on wired and wireless devices . Since the cheapest printer server boxes are around $ 35 for a single port and do n't support scanning , this is a really good deal.Print quality is more than acceptable considering the low page cost . Black is good enough for business coorespondence , color is excellent for graphics and OK for photo . If you need super quality , you need something with 6 or more color tanks . This one is just for everyday printing and does the job.At this price point , you can buy one and use it for 20,000 pages which is when the print head goes . Cost to replace the print head runs around $ 100 at the local brother service place . Just throw it away and buy another new printer.Great for a small office or home network !!!
 I have to laugh reading the bad reviews , some are just insane like `` do n't do anything else while installing the software '' and totally misleading `` have to replace all ink cartridges '' - nonsense , I 've replaced the black 3 times and have yet to replace any color , maybe you have to replace all colors at same time -LRB- makes sense -RRB- but at the cost of $ 5 each compared to some printers at $ 20 - $ 40 each this printer is an ink miser.The other funny posts are the paper tray issues . It slides in and out . Should you shove it hard ? Should you fill the paper tray to the very top ? Come on , how about a little common sense . I use 3 weights of paper and two kinds of labels , no problemo.Then there 's the ones who run the printer like a $ 1,000 business printer and wonder why it does n't last ... Gimmea a break , if your business was hauling dirt and you filled a 1/2 ton truck with 3/4 ton all the time how long would the truck last compared to a 3/4 ton truck ? Again common sense people.I use it connected to my Router/Modem via ethernet . I can access it with my Mac G5 desktop , my wife 's Mac Mini and my IBM ThinkPad -LRB- via wireless -RRB- and when my brother visits about every other month he prints via his iBook and my sister with her HP Win-XP laptop.Show me a better deal for home , home-small-office , student . I dare you .
 I find this machine to be a great value . Works well . Prints quality photos . Nice to have an auto fax machine that receives without manual intervention . The network ready feature is a super plus for those who have a home network . Of most value for me is the 35 page sheet feeder . This makes the combined functionality of the MFC super . I have 3 friends who also purchased this model . All are satisfied . Found generic ink cartridges at meritline.com and purchased a 64 cartridge pack -LRB- 16 sets -RRB- which we split ; made it a great value .
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- Just bought MFC5440CN two days ago , my original concern is about potential problems when installing it on my home network . It turns out the process is very smooth . I will give 5-start on easy installation . I did n't download any new software updates from the web , just use the enclosed CD for installation . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Printing speed is OK -LRB- not super fast -RRB- . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Copy function is very good . The color copy produces very high quality print-out . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Scan function is good too . I can do preview during scan . and I can adjust the size before scan when scanning small size document . -LRB- 5 -RRB- The cost of Ink is not a problem to me . I have been refilling the ink for my Canon ink-jet printer for 3 years . MFC5440CN 's ink cartrige is very friendly for ink refilling . Just get IMS 's ink refill package from Costco . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Fax
 I purchased this to replace my MFC420CN . It works pretty much the same way and uses the same ink . My MFC420CN lasted only one year and three months . The printhead belt came off the sprockets and I had to open the machine to put it back . Unfortunately the black ink stopped working afterwards . I hope the belt does not come loose on this printer .
 I bought one of these after reading the bad reviews on the HP5610 . I have been very pleased so far . We have a small environmental consulting and compliance services business and I use this for faxes , color printing and for scanning when we are not using the Fujitsu high speed scanner . Our other printer is an HP 4200 for high speed printing of larger docs.The 5440 has done everything I asked . It was easy to install and with a $ 30 rebate coming from Officemax , it was cheap at $ 99.00 . I bought this instead of the MFC5840 , because I did n't need the media card slots and photo printing for $ 50 more . The quality of the color printing is good enough for color diagrams , maps , etc. that I review.This is my first Brother product and time will tell if I am satisfied long term , but so far it was a good purchase .
 Works as advertised -LRB- except for print speed
 This is my first non-HP printer and I am very impressed . The print quality on B&W text seems slightly less than HP , but marginally to the point of `` who cares '' . Color comes out wonderfully . However , the best part was the ease of setting it up and the software ... including Paper Port . My wife and I both share this printer on a network and the printer and software is designed for use on a network , unlike other products . Very cool . The software is easy to use and simple . Both the printer and software does what it is supposed to do , without all the extra unneeded stuff other manufacturers jam in there . I love this printer ... especially for the price .
 Everythig works fine with exception of the scanner software.This has to be fixed by BROTHER .
 For $ 100 -LRB- after rebate -RRB- , this device seems tough to beat . First of all , it definitely works as advertised . We have a small wireless network set up at our house that includes a Mac running OS X Tiger and a PC running Windows XP . Set up was a breeze . It was literally as simple as plugging the device into the ethernet router , installing the software on both machines , and within minutes i had both computers printing and scanning . I assume the USB set up is as easy if not easier . Some people seem to complain about Brother 's support , but I have n't had a need for it yet - so I ca n't comment on that.I was looking for an all in one device -LRB- mostly for printing and scanning -RRB- and chose this device after reading many reviews about its capabilities and its compatability with both Macs and Windows . My primary goal was to find a scanner that would allow me to archive the ever growing mountains of paper that seem to clutter our home . And this machine handles that task with ease . The auto document feeder is a MUCH more efficient way to scan multiple sheets at a time , while the flat bed allows for some versatility when scanning odd shaped or bounded documents . And the OCR software included is amazing -LRB- have n't tried on the PC yet , but works great on the Mac -RRB- . Combined with Tiger 's ` spotlight ' feature , it makes searching for the scanned OCR document a breeze.Anyway , i would highly recommend this to anyone using Mac OS X or Windows XP - especially if you are looking for an easy way for multiple computers to print/scan from one device .
 I have 3 computers at home
 Any Brother MFC model that will not print because one cartridge is out of ink can be overridden by putting black tape on the front of the empty cartridge . -LRB- See fixyourownprinter.com for details . -RRB- The MFC if a terrific buy at $ 84 . I 've had an MFC for about a year . It prints well and is a very good copy machine . I have not used the fax . I like the MFC . Some have problems with the print head , but Brother seems to covering this pretty well . If you have the guts , it is easy to refill !
 I have been using this printer for years and have run about 50,000 pages through it !!!!! I am still refilling the original cartridges that came with the printer with bulk ink I purchased on ebay years ago .
 There were some issues with the product at delivery and we were truly impressed with how quickly and fully the service unit addressed our concerns to our 100 % satisfaction . I would certainly return to this vendor .
 Very easy to use ! Big enough to handle all the functions , yet compact enough to put almost anywhere . Well worth every penny and would recommend it as a `` smart buy '' .
 This really is a lot of printer for the money ... as everyone has already said , so I 'll keep this review to what I can add that is unique.For such a big honking device , you should be able to fit more paper in the load tray . And envelopes ... I can only get 7 envelopes in a time without causing a paper jam . And you have to pull the tray out every time to load them , because if you push them all the way in , the printer jams . Do n't push it in enough , it does n't acknowledge that there is any paper in there.Bottom line : Good Multifunction printer for small office work , unless you want to print to envelopes . If you plan on doing any mailings , you will need to print to labels instead , which is just more work : -LRB-
 I bought one of these for our small office , because we did n't own a copy machine and I was tired of putting fax modems in everyone 's computer . Amazon delivered it quickly , my 12-year-old son set it up -- and it works ! Printing is not very fast -- you would n't want to copy a large presentation on it -- but for the few copies we do each day it 's fine . The document feeder and memory make sending large faxes easy . And the PC faxing alone -- eliminating the need to add modems and analog phone lines -- more than pays for this machine . I could n't be happier !
 I JUST PURCHASED THE BROTHER MFC-5440CN ABOUT A WEEK AGO TO REPLACE A WORE OUT HP PSC SERIES ALL IN ONE AND I 'M GLAD I DID!THE BROTHER OFFERS ALOT GIVEN THE MODEST PRICE TAG I HAVE BEEN VERY PLEASED SO FAR IT PRINTS QUICK AND QUIET SCANS ARE CRISP AND THE AUTO DOCUMENT FEEDER FOR THE FAX MAKES THIS A VERY WELL ROUNDED MACHINE FOR THE HOME OFFICE I HAVE NOT USED THE BUILT IN NETWORKING FEATURES BUT IT 'S GOOD TO HAVE IF NEEDEDI WAS IMPRESSED WITH THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL VERY EASY TO UNDERSTAND AND FOLLOW FOR SETUP ALSO THIS IS TOTALLY PLUG AND PLAY WITH XP I DID ` NT INSTALL ANY OF THE BROTHER SOFTWARE AT ALL FUNCTIONS FINE THROUGH WINDOWSI ALSO LIKE THE SEPERATE COLOR INK TANKS THIS WILL MAKE REFILLS AND REPLACEMENTS CHEAPER AND EASIERTHE ONLY THING THAT I SEE WRONG AT ALL IS THE PAPER TRAY IS A LITTLE FLIMSYSTILL A GREAT VALUE !
 I purchased this printer a week ago and have been very pleased it 's performance for the money . It 's not a printer you 'll want to use for your photo printing but everything else is great . I purchased it after looking at Cannon , HP and Lexmark printers . HP -LRB- 7210 -RRB- was the only printer with a network card but it cost $ 269 and does the same things this printer does.It was easy to set up on the network and I can now access it from all three of my computers as if it 's connected directly . While you can hook most printers to a printer server on your network , most only work in an omni directional mode and wo n't allow you to see ink levels , etc. . The fax and copy features also worked great and I 've had no connection problems . Yes , it 's a little flimsy , but it less than half the cost of an HP and it 's got a network card.Overall , I 'm very pleased with the printer and would buy one again . Amazon as always was great to work with and delivered the printer when they said they would with no tax or shipping .
 I 've had it for a few months and I think it works great . There is a software update that even lets you configute it to scan and email without a computer . Just enter the email address or select it from the speed dial list and it will attach the document as a PDF .
 This is an excellent printer/scanner/fax for the money . I had purchased this as a replacement to an extremely problematic HP 5110 . Install
 First of all , there are few , or maybe no other printers out there that you can just hook up to your network and just start using . Mind you , if you have a print server -LRB- Usually if bought separate this is about sixty to seventy dollars -RRB- this is not an issue , but many print servers only make the print part of the multifunction machine useful and do not include the scanner for network availability . To me this was a big thing , as I did not want to have this printer in the same room with my computer.This is a so-so printer . By now you have probably all seen in other reviews that once this printer 's head wears out it is toast , there is no replacing it . Even if the printer were shot you would still have a fax and scanner to use . Printers by then will be even cheaper . I had a Brother MFC7150C prior to this and the replaceable head wore out in a about 2 years with really heavy use . This is the oddity with Brother , the head is resident in the printer and not in the replaceable cartridge . They say this makes the cartridges cheaper , but I do n't find that it makes that much of a difference in the price , especially , if you have to foot the bill for a a hundred dollar head . Mind you this is probably why they opted not to make this printer have a replaceable one.Sturdyness of this printer is a bit light , the paper cartridge seems frail and is somewhat prone to jamming.The software was a bit buggy and I had to get updates on the web right away . I installed this in a network where the computers used Window XP and 2000 . There was a little bit of messing around , but it quickly got to working.Given the price it seems like a good buy and I paid a little more than the current price listed here . The print quality is n't that crisp but okay for reference and college level documents . If you want it for a professional presentation this may not be good enough . However one thing to consider , is given the fact this is not a Picture quality printer , you might also own a picture quality printer and any professional documents could be made on that one , so this printer 's quality would n't be an issue.Another reason I bought this printer is that the scanner has both a flatbed and feed option . This is cool if you want to scan an article or recipe in a book as well as copy or fax loose paper . My old Brother had only the feed mechanism and this is not useful if you want to scan a bulkier item . However , if you only have a flat bed and have lets say 10 documents to scan , a flatbed can be a chore . This is the best of both worlds.All in all a good buy considering the price .
 I got old , first-generation flatbed and sheetfed scanners -LRB- 6-8 years old -RRB- clogging up my desktop , so I started out looking for an inexpensive replacement . After extensive research , I came down on two AIO choices -- Brother MFC-5440 and HP Officejet 5510 . I like the Brother better because it 's more solidly built . The HP should print better photos , but these days you can just buy a cheap high-quality photo printer . Since I already have a photo printer , so photo printing capability is not my priority . Do n't take me wrong . The brother still prints fairly good photos.As I said , scanning is my priority . I was not disappointed . The Brother scans much faster than my old flatbed and the images are far better than my sheetfed . I like the 35 page ADF ; the HP Officejet has only a 20 page ADF . What 's more , the Brother comes with PaperPort , which I 've been using for a long time . The HP Officejet 5510 does n't come with it , and I 'm not even sure whether PaperPort works with it at all.Lastly , at this price range , you ca n't get an AIO with network capability.In a word , I 'm satisfied with the Brother MFC-5440CN . It 's well-built and well-designed . This is my second Brother home office product I own . While they might not excel in photo printing , overall I think they make good solid office products .
 First off , I 'd just like to say that the review by G. Long `` letranger66 '' below should n't even be here . It 's a MFC-3820CN , NOT a MFC-5440CN ; he should write the review for that product , not this one because the inkjet technology is TWO complete generation apart.The MFC-5440CN uses the latest cartridge design by brother , the LC-51 series , and the ink cartridges fit into a futuristic area on the southeast corner of the printer , completely apart from the actual print head . The printer then sucks the ink through a tubing system to the print head , so the cartridges are always stationary . The LC41 series is similar to the LC31 series of the MFC-3820CN this poor fellow had ... DO N'T buy any brother inkjets that use the LC-41 or LC-31 cartridge . I had the unfortunate experience of owning a MFC-3220C that used the LC-41 cartridge . The printer broke and was replaced some 6 times . The service depot said that the print heads used in these older printers were very very finicky and will clog up just like that if you use 3rd party inks , and in many cases , even it 's own ink ! Thankfully , it seems Brother has finally improved their print heads , also increasing their max print resolutions as well.Anyways ... Back to this printer.It prints with decent quality , not the fastest and not the slowest either . But , it has the ease of use . I 've yet to see any other network printer as easy to use as this one , and allow the full multifunction capabilities through the network.In addition , Brother has excellent drivers for both Windows and Macintosh , both of which run perfectly in my network with this printer -LRB- Yes ! Brother 's drivers are CUPS for Macs !!! -RRB- . Software included for Windows is my favorite , Scansoft Paperport , which usually costs around 90 dollars retail . Software for mac though is a bit lacking , Presto pagemanager 4 is extremely dated and slow.In all , this printer wo n't disappoint for those of you that want a simple to use and setup printer , the installation wizard does everything for you . Ink cartridges are also decently priced and last around 3 months for our family -LRB- we print about 5 pages a day -RRB- . I have been using 3rd party inks with this printer with no problems as well . Photo prints look decent as well , not the best , but passable for the casual printer . **** One gigantic note though ! When you 're installing the drivers with windows based computer . DO NOT DO ANYTHING ELSE WHILE THE INSTALLER IS RUNNING !!!! For some strange reason , brother designed the installer to automatically click through those `` windows has auto-detected a device '' window and fill in the correct values for them . If you run the installer and are doing something else like browsing the internet like I did , the installer will not click on those buttons and the process will just freeze , forcing you to start from square one .
 This is probably one of the best values out there in a MFC . It connects to your home network and enables all the functions -LRB- scan , print , FAX -RRB- through your network and this unit . Most others only will yet you print or require an expensive add on card.Another important aspect of this uint is the fact that it 's multi-platform and works seemlessly with PC 's and Mac 's -LRB- and I beleive there is a Linux driver as well -RRB- . This was the most important thing for me . Since booting Windows from my house 3 years ago , I have been a 100 % Mac household -LRB- and not regretted it 1 bit - it 's the best thing you can do -RRB- , I wanted to ensure that I would be able to use all the functions on the Mac . In the past , this has not been an issue with printers , as they pretty much all support Macs . But with MFC 's , many support only printing and not the advanced features . Not with Brother - this thing works flawlessly on Macs.And I have a work supplied Windows laptop and even that works perfectly with this unit.Installation was very simple - just plug in the Etnernet cord to my hub and install the software . Just a warning to Tiger users - skip the CD and download straight from Brother . The CD in my box was old and did not support Tiger . Apple 's Zero-config Bonjour technology found the printer immediately and installed it . After that I was printing immediately . They even have a Dashboard Widget that monitors ink levels and offers you a glimpse of the status panel.On Windows it was similarly as easy - I used the CD and things just installed . Although it installs an annoying tray icon at startup -LRB- as do most Windows programs now -RRB- , but that was easy to disable without any functionality loss.The printer on this is of very good quality - maybe a notch or 2 below my previous Canons and Epsons , but it is still a high quality printer . I would suggest using Injket or Multifunction paper with this uint for best results . Prints using regular copy paper were OK , nothing spectacular . The speed , like all injkets is a tad overrated as the printer can bog down when printing graphics or photos . But overall , it does a great job and prints are legibile and look fine.Scanning is great . The inlcuded Document feeder will let you insert a stack of 20-30 pages and hit scan and pick what computer you want them to go to . Then they will show up in a folder on your computer . It 's that simple . You can pick different formats - PDF , TIFF , multipage TIFF , JPEG , etc and have a good scan.The photocopy function is equally impressive - you can stack 20-30 pages in it and it will copy all them at a decent clip . Works as advertised.FAXing is cool as well . Since this unit has a built in FAX machine , you can either scan from the ADF or send a FAX from your computer . From the computer it 's as simple as setting the Brother printer and telling it to FAX instead of print . Add the phone # 's and you are all set . It will send the FAX to the machine and it will FAX it out to you . I successfully faxed a 75 page document from my Powerbook though this unit and it took 32 minutes to get to the destination.This unit can also multitask - you can be scanning and print to the printer . It 's a little slow , but it works . You can also FAX out and print as well.Ink usage seems to be great . Cartridges are relatively cheap and last for 500 pages . There is a high yeild black that will give you 900 pages . Their estimates seem to be close to the mark.Some may complain about the cleaning cycle on this printer . Not sure what the fuss is about if you get the life Brother says -LRB- 500 pages -RRB- who cares ? As long as it keeps the printer ready to print , that 's all that matters - most inkjets on the market today have this same cleaning ritual . My Epsons did/do it . My previous Canon i560 does it . It 's just a fact of life with inkjets . And the cleaning does use all the colors - again , a fact with inkjets . It 's not some consperacy among the printer manufacturers or any other nonsense , just the way ink works . They are not like a ballpoint pen where you throw it out when the ink drys up.Also , the other complaint is if the printer is out of a color it wo n't print . Do n't know what other inkjets the user 's have had , but they are all like that - my Canon wo n't print black text if the colors are out , my Epson wo n't and I think HP 's wo n't either . Same with Color Lasers - it 's a fact of life.If you primarily need this for a FAX or B&W ; documents and are bothered by this , there are other Brother MFC 's that are black and white only.All in all , this is an AWESOME machine for the price , and one of those things I 'm glad I bought . Like my Macs , it just works all the time .
 I have always bought HP printers in the past , because I thought they were the best overall quality.I had a PSC model which was always problematic connecting to my Mac . Many times it would not recognize my Mac so printing was hit or miss.My next one i bought was an HP 5110 multifuction -LRB- with a sheet feeder , no flatbed -RRB- . It was pretty good , but had printer errors . the printer kept displaying a paper jam and would not respond to anything i tried . the physical moving parts seemed to still work , but i could no longer use it . That was only 15 mos or so of heavy use , so it was a disappointment but i learned to not invest real money into printers , as they seem to be rather disposable.I had never before considered Brother ; i felt that they were a cheaper line like Lexmark or something , even if they seemed to give more features for the price.However with this MFC 5440 , I think the build quality of the printer is far better than the HP 5510 multifunction which is comparable . The HP seemed flimsy on the flatbed parts . The brother seems sturdier overall.The software installation was very easy , much faster than installing the large HP software . I have Mac OSX . at first it seemed as if installation did n't quite finish , but the printer was still recognized and everything was set to print . And I was able to print my first pages immediately . That was not the case with HP software.The only issue i see is that the copy function is super slow , especially if using normal or best quality . the draft mode is decently fast , so you really should stick to that mode for copying . The printing is pretty fast in normal mode . I think paper quality definitely will help the crispness of the print . i mainly print for my own reference , so I 'm not picky , but if you need to make more professional documents , you need a quality paperstock . I have n't scanned yet.And I do n't have a home network , but it 's nice to know how useful this will prove if i add any computers.I think for the price , this is a definite YES . even if it breaks in a year or two , it wo n't seem like such a money drain . all the sales people seem to push brothers at Staples , mainly due to the low cost of replacing the indiv . ink cartridges .
 I have never felt compelled to write a review before , but I was so impressed with this Multi-function machine , I had to do it . I was shopping for a inexpensive Multi-function machine with an auto document feeder , and the 5440CN fit the bill perfectly . The included Scan Soft PaperPort software worked out of the box without much of a learning curve . This machine will scan up to 35 pages at the touch of a button and convert them to pdfs !! The fax machine function works as advertised as well . I have n't used the printing function much , but was not impressed when I did . This definately is NOT for color photo printing.and finally Linux support . Brother actually releases current drivers that work like they are supposed to Linux !! Almost unheard of ... Great scanner with an auto document feeder , great fax , and decent printer with perfect Linux support !! And , it 's cheap !!
 I just got back from returning a lexmark 7100 series all-in-one . . -LRB- for your own good NEVER buy ANY lexmark printers , scanners , faxes , or especially all in ones -RRB- and I returned the piece of crap because they charge me another $ 130 to buy a lexmark printer server . . well I had already spent $ 80 on a print server about 6 months ago and I was NOT about to buy another one for $ 130 . . so I take a trip to staples , and return the product , I started looking around the store for a BETTER all in one , and there it was ... . the Brother Multi function , I spent $ 10 more on the Brother instead of the lexmark AND within minutes the Brother multi function was set up , printing , copying and faxing . . I can tell it what number to dial and fax something to somebody from downstairs on my laptop . This is simply the best buy in its catagory . . ok , I am off to put my print server on -LSB- ... -RSB- now . . have fun and I seriously hope you buy this product .
 This all in one was a breeze -LRB- about 10 minutes -RRB- to install under Mac 10.3.8 . I followed the instructions in the quick start manual and made sure to restart my machine when all done . The same install under Windows XP Pro took almost and hour . This machine is connected through the ethernet option and has worked great . There are two PC and three Macs that share this machine all without problems . Reading the quickstart guide and the manual are a must to an easy set up with this machine . I used the DHCP defualt setting in the machine for networking purposes .
 I 've had my printer for about 2 years now . It 's a Multifunction printer . No need to buy a separate printer , fax , copier or scanner . This does it all !!!! My only complaints are that this printer is slow . This requires 4 catridges and if one ink cartridge is empty then it wo n't print unless it is replaced . I also notice printer will indicate that a catridge is empty even when the catridge still looks like it has some ink left . I Would recommend this to anyone who has a home office .
 I 've only had this one day , so this is not a long-term review type thing.After some searching around , we decided to buy this printer . We were NOT looking for anything but a printer - but we had to find one that we could throw on our home network , and would work with both our old windows 98 machine , our two macs , and any winxp laptops I needed to bring home from work . Price was extremely important - at this time we just ca n't afford a printer that 's has a high sticker AND high ink costs . This machine met , and exceeded , all of our requirements . We managed to get it when there was a mail-in rebate going on , so the price was extremely low.I was worried that printing from our Win98 machine was going to be a problem , but not so . All other things being equal -LRB- ie , if every machine was trying to print a very simple MSWord file , not one trying to print a pic and the others printing simple text -RRB- , the machine that is the slowest is our wireless laptop . Even so , the print time for our home use is quite acceptable.Set up was very very easy - the only small gotcha that was n't readily apparent -LRB- until I actually looked at the setup guide :--RRB- was how to put the ethernet cable in and where the inkjet cartridges go . Set up on the computers was also quick , painless and worked immediately.The size of the machine is smaller than you 'd think for the amount of things it can do . I think it 's about 11 inches high , about 15 inches deep and 18 inches wide ... Amazon does n't list exact specs , but if you look around on the web you can find them.Since we were n't looking for a copier , scanner , fax , etc. , these are all bonuses to us . We have n't fully tried all of these aspects , but as we do I may come in and update the review . Our daughter is really excited that she can now have some of the pictures she 's drawn as her background her her machine ; having something that can in a pinch act as a copy machine should come in handy -LRB- those zillions of forms for school ... -RRB- ; I do n't think , however , we 'll be using the fax ever.As I said , we 've only had it a day or so , so we 'll see how it goes long term , but right now we 're so very very pleased with this purchase .
 Yes , I finally received the Konica Minolta EP2080 toner . It is very excellent and I am very pleased.Thank you .
 I purchased this drive a a replacement for my son 's computer . The installation took me about 15 minutes and was very easy . The computer operates on Windows 98 , and it recognised the new drive instantly and did not require me to do anything further . My son has only been using it for about a week now and has had no problems . I will review it again after a longer period.Thumbs up to Amazon and Circut City for Ease of ordering and quick shipping ! ...
 First of all I give this only 4 stars because its my frist DVD-ROM and I still have a lot of playing around to do before I can give it a full rating . Installation was as simple as anything else . I took out my old CD-ROM and put in the DVD-ROM with no problem . Although I am running under WinXP-Proffesional and Almost every DVD is on WinXp 's databse . This one came with Cyberlink 's Power DVD software . Alright but I 'm going to get something better later .
 This sucker 's been humming along beautifully for me for over 2 years now . I have not successfully over clocked with it though ; but I blame the mother board for not performing it 's end of the bargain .
 Okay , it 's a cable ... so it works , but a few upsides here :1 . flexible - I used this for my Varizoom controller to reach the camera on the end of my jib arm . I use the Skycrane which gives you a great degree of rotation and I did not want a stiff cable . Good feature .2 . reinforced plugs - hoping this will help with prolonged life , eliminating fatigue where the plugs join the cable .3 . length - it was what I ordered 10 ' . This is a great choice for an 8 ' jib arm , allowing room for extreme tilt axis .
 Great Buy , everything works perfectly . No complains . I will buy it again ! Suggested !! Great . Love it . Thanks , so much ! Great
 It 's a cable . It works . It seems to be of good quality . It 's exactly what it is supposed to be .
 Its a good strong case to have if you have expensive lens that you carry . I bought it for my brother-in-law and he love it .
 Good case , only keep the lens for a short time and let it go with the lens.I would recommend it to anyone needing a Canon case .
 The thing is , I bought a Canon EF 100-400mm f/4 .5 -5.6 L IS USM Lens and am delighted with it . But because the item description for that purchase failed to indicate that this very lens case was included -LRB- along with the lens hood -RRB- I also ordered this case plus the hood and then had to return these items as extras . All good products and this lens case is perfect ... just wish the original description has shown all that went with the lens .
 Case offers ample protection for telephoto lenses - firm base , felt-sided , zippered opening with strap for your shoulder . Item was offered at a good price . Good investment to protect your expensive lens . Would recommend this item .
 Great case for those big lens that you want to protect while traveling .
 I started researching GPS units because as a single woman I wanted to feel safer in unfamiliar areas . Yes , I can read a map , but nothing screams `` Vulnerable '' like studying a map at a convenience store in a less than stellar neighborhood.This unit is technologically superior for its satellite aquisition , signal strength , and ease of use . Any mistakes the map software makes is independent of these features , and I 'm certain that none of the maps loaded on any brand unit are perfect ... it 's just the nature of map software . The beauty of the system , though , is that if it makes a mistake it recalculates your route as soon as you `` miss '' a turn so it hardly matters.I 'm most impressed with this unit 's satellite aquisition ; it took under a minute to power up and aquire a signal -LRB- it was partly sunny on `` test day '' -RRB- . Friends of mine have a Garmin -LRB- theirs was about $ 225 -RRB- , and they said it takes them about 10 minutes to get a signal each time it 's lost -LRB- upon powerup and having gone through a tunnel , etc. -RRB- . Speaking of tunnels , Cobra claims that this unit has technology that overcomes temporary signal loss so it does n't mess up your trip , but I have n't tried it yet.I LOVE that the map of the whole US along with `` Points of Interest '' of every category -LRB- gas , grocery , winery , golf , etc -RRB- is pre-loaded , and that the Cobra is SIMPLE and intuitive to use . I had to spend a few minutes figuring out how to enter addresses in the address book , but I got it without looking it up.Regarding map updates , I do n't think Cobra is very forthright in the product description regarding the update process . If you can find the fact that you have to send it back to Cobra for a $ 100 update , let me know . :-RRB- However , I 've used the same old fashioned paper map book for a few years without much trouble so I do n't anticipate I 'll feel the need to update this software too often . -LRB- When Boston 's Big Dig has been complete long enough for the maps to include all the changes maybe I 'll spring for an update . -RRB- For security , I pop it off the windsheild and cover it up when I leave the car since I do n't want my car broken into for it . It 's very easy to handle.I only paid $ 450 on QVC for this $ 650 unit -LRB- Today 's Special Value -RRB- , and I think their regular price is $ 580 , so do n't pay more than that !
 I also bought this GPS system on QVC - and it is wonderful !! We opened the box , stuck it on the window , and within a few minutes we were cruising along with Ms. Cobra 's charming voice giving us perfect , step by step directions . It allows you to input your own destination , or select one from preset categories -LRB- tourism , hotels , gas stations , etc -RRB- . Calculates routes and reroutes lightening fast.It gives you ample time to prepare for a turn , and even gives you a congratulatory `` ding '' when you take the correct turn . : -RRB- It was easy to attach and detach . It made travel so carefree - no fumbling and folding/unfolding paper maps , missing turns , or trying to navigate strange cities at night . We felt totally confident going wherever we wanted , knowing we could easily get back to our hotel.I do not how I lived without this all these years - but I will NEVER travel by car without this wonderful new addition to our family ! Money well spent !
 I am very happy with this product it arrived on time and it is exactly what I had ordered . It has already come in handy when I am travelling . Thanks
 I think if you bought your GPS from QVC you bought the model # 2950 not the # 2750 . It would not be fair to review the 2950 here .
 I bought the 15.4 '' sleeve from Tucano , and then found that it was a full inch too big for my AMBP . This happened due to their poor specs , but the sleeve is just great . M/W , I exchanged for the AMBP sleeve and Amazon made this a painless process.To be sure you are getting the right sleeve , look for the Tucano microfibra that mentions Apple . This is the best sleeve out there , but you want to make sure it fits ...
 This is a pretty nice product . It does feel a little bit flimsy , but it only enhances its portability . I use it mostly to prop my computer up on my desk and it works really well for that , it grips the bottom of the machine really well . The only thing is the metal bit that turns it from a lap desk to a computer stand is kind of crappy and mine kept falling out .
 I use this under my laptop all of the time . It puts it up for easy typing and visual . Love it .
 Kinda expected something bigger , heavier , and more sturdy but it works as designed . My wife stole mine so I need to buy another .
 I wanted something fairly compact and light that would let me use my tablet with a keyboard on my lap in locations where I might not have a surface , like an airport or park . I was beginning to think I was just going to have to cut a little piece of plywood or use a small cutting board when I came across this item . It is even better than I had hoped for . Folded it is just slightly larger than a sheet of paper , about 1/2 '' thick , and weighs just a few ounces . It takes up little room in a briefcase , backpack , etc , without adding much weight . It has little rubber `` feet '' all over the top and a few on the bottom so it wo n't slide off your lap and anything sitting on it will not slide around , even in the folded position . I can actually use my tablet , in a stand case with a small keyboard , with the lapdesk folded . In the open position it has tons of space . When open there is a mousepad area on each end so you could use your laptop or tablet with keyboard , a mouse , AND have your phone or a notepad on it as well . The mousepad areas are not padded , but they are textured so a mouse works very well . They also are not huge , but they are quite big enough for travel use , particularly with one of the smaller travel mice.Some have said it is flimsy . It is true that if you used it in a way that it was supported only at the ends and set something weighing 10-15 pounds right in the middle it might break . But think about it . Even if you use it with a large laptop the weight is not going to be right in the middle . The weight of the laptop will actually be supported by your legs . Under normal use there really should not be much stress on the most vulnerable part right in the middle . It is plenty sturdy for the way it is designed to be used , even with the largest laptops . I just tried it with a heavy full-size 15.6 '' laptop , and it was fine . I did need to make sure the laptop was pulled well toward because the weight of the screen threatened to roll it off my knees . You ca n't blame the lapdesk for that ; the same thing happens if you use a laptop without the lapdesk . I also tried the full-size laptop with the lapdesk folded , using the adjustable tilt . That felt quite secure as well if you like to use a laptop that way . I prefer it flat , but then I never travel with a full-size laptop . About the sturdiness , I probably would not feel comfortable opening a very heavy looseleaf binder on the lapdesk . That might put quite a bit of stress on the middle as you set the binder down and open it . Once open it would probably be OK.I hope this offers some practical information on this product . At first the price does seem juat a bit high , but a lot of thought went into the design . It is very well made , light , and practical . So all-in-all I would say it is a good value . I am very happy with this purchase .
 This thing is not any more , any less than what is stated . It is plastic , but hard plastic . I do see where the hinges could , over time , become compromised -LRB- but just because it COULD happen has nothing to do with whether or not it will actually happen -RRB- . However , it is quite versatile -LRB- meaning it is useful in a variety of positions -RRB- , and very portable -LRB- I sit it right behind my 13 '' Dell XPS in my laptop bag , fits perfectly -RRB- . It 's a wonderful thing to have at home , and to take with you . If you 're like me and spend lots of time in coffee shops with your laptop , this will actually open up seating options for you , because you no longer have to worry about getting an actual table for your computer . Just this little bit of plastic -LRB- and if you prop up the angle , the air space created -RRB- keeps my legs from getting too hot , and my laptop can put out some pretty serious heat.For the price , you ca n't beat it . But people expecting the world , or absolute perfection for this price are simply out of their gourds.Great price , great product , shipped promptly as usual . Got ta love Amazon Prime .
 This is an excellent thin and light laptop desk that I have used for years with both 13 '' and 15 '' laptops . I have taken it with me traveling , used it in airports , on flights , and at home . It has held up well and is still as good as new . It lifts a laptop keyboard to a position for easier typing and shields my skin from laptop heat dissipation . Recommended .
 I really like this little lap desk . It keeps the laptop off my lap and allows air to circulate so that I do not burn up my video card . Yet it is small enough to stash it easily out of the way when not in use .
 I had no idea of what Lap Desk can offer or appreciation of the product until I actually used it . It changed my living style as now I can work on my notebook and watch television at the same time.It is thin and light which allows me to carry it with the laptop in a bag . It has also got an extended area which can function as mouse pad.Lapworks Laptop Desk Ultralite
 I 've been using the Lapworks Laptop Desk Ultralite for a few weeks now . I have a Macbook Pro that gets ridiculously hot after a while but this product has really helped keep the heat off my lap . The laptop fan does n't turn on nearly as soon as it did without using it . It 's definitely more effective when used in the ` folded ' position where there is a space between the computer and your lap . I was surprised to see how rugged this thing is for how light it is . It 's even strong enough to use as a tray when I move the laptop . This is especially effective since it has very ` grippy ' rubber pads that keep the laptop from sliding off too easily . I 've used it to travel , putting it inside my laptop case with my laptop and it took up almost no additional space and added negligible weight . I 'm totally satisfied with this purchase and I recommend it highly .
 I received my new Laptop Desk UltraLite about a month ago and I just love it ! It is absolutely the best thing in notebook desks I 've ever used . I never thought anything could be better than the standard laptop desk , then I tried the UltraLite ! I am a mobile worker who takes my laptop everywhere . In the last 30 days I 've used the UltraLite on planes , in terminals , in my hotel rooms , at the office , and at home - it 's incredibly handy . It fits easily in my carrying case and is super light - less than a pound ! I 'm considering buying another one just for the office so I can keep one at home . Having the Laptop Desk UltraLite is as essential as carrying the powercord to my laptop - I would n't travel without either one . I recommend it to anyone.Chuck WilskerPresident & CEOThe Telework Coalitionwww.telcoa.org
 I 've got a 13 '' laptop . This stand is very sturdy when it 's folded and very comfortable on your lap.When it 's out flat it 's good enough to hold the laptop , but I doubt you could pick it up with the laptop on it -LRB- I think it might snap -RRB- I spent about 3 hours researching laptop stands and having read all the reviews this one looked the best - I 'm happy to report it 's living up to expectations !
 I wish I had bought one of these when I got my laptop ! It keeps my laptop much cooler . I also got a Speck hard case , and that helps with the heat a little bit too . I have a 15 '' Macbook Pro , it can get too hot to touch . -LRB- smc Fan Control is a program that is probably keeping my computer from melting , download it if you have a Macbook ! -RRB- I used to use a heavy piece of particle board as a lap desk , but it weighed a few pounds by itself and did n't block much heat . This , on the other hand , is less than a pound and is noticeably less weight on my lap . Unfolded , it is wide enough to use a mouse to one side , but bends in the middle if picked up from the sides - but then again , the description says for five pounds and under , but my computer is closer to 8 or 9 . Highly recommended , every laptop owner should have one of these !
 I gave this rating a 5 because I am rating the PRODUCT ... not the shipping . Shipping was 25 % of the overall total . Other than that , the Ultralite works great ! My laptop does not get hot , I have a lift so my hands are in the right place , it 's so durable I can lift it with my laptop on it , move to another part of the room , and have no issues of the plastic cracking or my laptop slipping off the lift . I ordered this in Nov 2008 and use it each time I pull out my laptop . Everyone that has seen my Ultralite wants one . Let me tell you , I do n't get easily impressed . I am impressed with this product . The shipping cost needs improvement .
 This product filled my need , it is very light , folds into a compact shape that fits into a computer case . It separates your lap from a hot computer reasonably well , a small pad place under the Ultralite improves comfort . The desk stand feature makes for more comfortable use of my laptop when I 'm using it on a desk or table in a motel.My laser mouse works very well on the provided surface . It is smooth shiny plastic and I thought it could be a problem but that was not the case.The price seemed a little high but , since it is well built and does the job I still feel it is a good value .
 I tend to be a bit OCD when purchasing items online and researched every portable laptop desk on Amazon and even some others from different online retailers . I do n't regret choosing the Ultralite . I gave it 5 stars because it performs as advertised . I have a more substantial laptop desk for use at home , but for portability and traveling this is perfect . Its very lightweight , folds easily into my briefcase , and does indeed keep my lap and computer much cooler . -LRB- My laptop fan never kicks into ` high gear ' when on the ultralite . -RRB- I have a 13 '' MacBook so I will often use the desk folded over for even better heat insulation.If you have a larger PC that cranks out a lot of heat and you primarily use your computer at work or home this is probably not the best choice . But if you frequent coffee shops or travel with your laptop you will find this useful .
 This is the smallest , lightest stand I could find for my laptop that shuts down the minute it overheats -LRB- hate HP ! -RRB- . It is an extrasmall laptop and it fits perfectly . I use my laptop to watch TV in bed and this gets the base out of the sheets and allows me to angle things so that I can type more easily when I am surfing . The tilt mechanism is simple and sturdy . I took off a star because I find the shape a little odd . I use a very small bag when I am traveling -LRB- basically a laptop sleeve with a strap and this fitss great in the width of the bag , however it is too tall to allow me to zip it up . It does not need to be that long to fit my laptop but I realize it probably does need to be to accomodate most laptops . This is only a minor annoyance . I think it is the flatest stand available and that means I can pack it in another piece of luggage if need be .
 I purchased to of these at my company , one to mount upside down on the ceiling and the other for portable use . That way if one dies for some reason we can use the other.On the whole it does what it advertises so I wo n't go into the specs , but here are the things that I particularly like : > Not too heavy > The power and video cables come with nice velcro ties for wrapping them up > Comes with a decent case . Just enough room for the essentials but not much else > Nice and bright even with the lights on > Good color , plus several color adjustments so if you are shooting against a wall painted something other than white you can still get a correctly colored picture . > Picture does not shoot straight out the lens but actually at an angle up . So even without using the foot -LRB- or a book -RRB- you get a square picture above the height of the table it is shooting from > Buttons on top are convenient and easy to use > In particular the keystone buttons are right on top so you can adjust keystoning without having to dig through a menu > Allows a second VGA input for a second Computer > VGA out for a monitor > Optional Remote Commander has laser , mouse/PowerPoint control and is backlit -LRB- looks like a Christmas Tree ! -RRB- > The main video connection and cable input is an M1-DA * to VGA/USB . > User-replaceable lamp easily accessed from the bottomMy -LRB- mostly minor -RRB- dislikes include : > Lens cap fits nice but the rubber strap that holds it to the projector is a bit hoaky and I do n't expect it to last long > The standard remote is mostly useless . All it controls are the basic projector settings and nothing else . In most cases you set this up before your presentation and can do it right at the projector without the remote . At least built in laser would be nice > The button that releases the foot for height adjustments requires significant pressure to release the foot * M1-DA looks kind of like DVI but is n't exactly the same . It is used on projectors and allows a single cable connection for both VGA and USB for when you want to use their Remote Commander . Other infrared remotes might also work through it but I have n't tested any .
 I received my projector in good working order . It was shipped in a reasonable amount of time . We are satisfied with the purchase .
 I am a college student and money is a big thing with me -LRB- or should i saw small -RRB- . I finally moved into my own house and wanted a decent `` my first home theatre '' system . I have a reciever with Dolby Digital 5.1 so ofcourse i needed a decent speaker system . At first i was worried about the quality of this system -LRB- since its so cheap -RRB- but i am proud to say i am very pleased.I suggest this to anyone who is `` feeling out '' the home theatre kick for the first time , serious listeners will also be pleased i believe . 2 thumbs up from all my friends also .
 I bought this to provide sound for my 50W DVD/Receiver . This is my first experience with home theater so I was very careful not to spend to much . So far , it is very good.I have it in a mid-sized living room and the sound is enjoyable . I am satisfied with the price . We can listen to music through-out our house with it.I would buy this again if I was looking for a lower-end starter system . Good results .
 When I went looking for surround sound speakers there were 3 things I wanted
 For the price of this set , you absolutely can not go wrong . I have this set hooked up to my Kenwood VR-305 receiver , and I can not believe how good these sound . I have been using surround sound for about 6-7 years now , and this complete set matches , in fact surpasses in a lot of ways , my prior speakers which a mix of Infinity and Sony . I used to have 2 large front speakers w/12 inch woofers that combined did not put out as much clean bass and overall clarity as these KLH 's do . The subwoofer has all the adjustments you could need to get it soudning good , and the satellites do a splendid job in reproducing the high and mid ranges . You do have to fiddle around to get the right balance between the speakers and the sub , but once you do , you will be sincerely impressed . The center channel matches the quality of my Infinity center channel -LRB- I paid 150 for that one alone -RRB- . If you are an audiophile you probably could find some faults with it , but for the music and movie lover like me who likes good , rich , clean sound , I dont see why you would spend more on another set ... unless of course you could afford or would be willing to spend hundreds upon hundreds of dollars for speakers -LRB- I cant , and even if i could , i wouldnt ! -RRB- . The only reason I dont give this set 5 stars is because the `` auto '' power on the sub -LRB- which is supposed to kick the sub on when audio is detected -RRB- is not very sensitive , and the power sometimes shuts off at lower volume levels . So for low levels you just have to leave the sub on and take the little extra effort to turn the sub off when you 're done using it . Otherwise , I would not hesitate to recommend this set anyone . Its probably the best value on a speaker package you 'll get for this price .
 This speaker system , if you already have a good receiver that gives out 100 watts per channel , then these speakers will meet your needs . The 8 inch sub woofer compliments the 4 3-way satellite speakers and the 1 center channel speakers .
 I have KLH HTA-9005 and PSW-8100 , which are the exact components in this system , however cost less :-RRB- I am pretty happy with my system . It sounds great ! Two small points though
 Although the price is cheap , this is a great product . Take my word for it and my friends and my parents . I have a small room but these speakers blast it with radical sound . The sub-woofer rattlers just about the hole house . When I turn on this system my parents get angry but really you can regulate the vibration and the volume can be easily turned down . I am 13 yrs . old . I would pick this system over any other system . The center speaker on this piece delivers great clear sounding lyrics . Even when listening to rap or heavy metal you can hear base , treble , and all the words
 Only problem I have encountered is the subwoofer making the metal on top of my receiver rattle !! That really gets annoying , but I 'll simply move the receiver elsewhere . These are a great value , and offer good imaging if placed correctly .
 I think the people that are having issues with this case , have no clue how to put the camera in the bag . Lense down and out , fits perfect . I have plenty of room for -LRB- 2 -RRB- extra SD cards , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- extra batteries . When I need to take a shot , pop it and slide it out and snap . Never missed one yet , then slide the camera right back in and go . Nikon should have a class for those who need to learn how to put the camera in the bag ... point and shoot for some I guess , lol .
 This case fits my 4300 like a glove . I do n't know what the previous reviewer was talking about . They must have got a defective one . They should look into an exchange.There is even a little pouch on the front for extra memory cards.I highly recommend this case.It is far better than the plain ` leather ' one advertised for the coolpix 4300 . Nikon has it right on with this one !
 The Nikon 4300 , extra battery with terminal cover and CF memory in its protective case all fit perfectly in this case . There 's a sewn on belt loop , so no snap to accidently open . It also has a 1 '' loop with a snap of which I do n't know the purpose . For a small light camera such as this , I do not see the need for a shoulder strap . The price is very reasonable .
 I do n't know what the people are talking about with their cases being a too tight fit . I think the case fits like a glove . Snugly enough so the camera does n't jiggle around , but not tight . I fit my camera so that the lens goes in first , and the strap is at the opening . When I need my camera I just tug at the strap while I pull the case down . It fits nicely . There 's a small zipper pocket at the front for an extra card and battery . I too do n't know what the small black loop is for . The case looks good and the construction is good .
 I agree that those who say that the case is too small must be doing something WRONG . My 4300 fits perfectly in the case with room for a spare EN-EL1 battery and two CF cards in the front zipper pouch . No , you can not `` quick draw '' the camera , but the case is designed for protection not speed . Do n't hesitate to buy it if you need a case for your 4300 . I have used this case for six years and it still looks new .
 Bought the Hitachi DVD Camcorder -- one of the first ones out , and it uses DVD-RAM for rewreitable media . Who Cares ? I thought ... Except when it comes to buying media , and everyone else is using DVD-RW , so my media costs 5x as much !!! Aargh ! Oh well , if you have to have it , then you have to have it . And this is the one to get if you have a Mini DVD Camcorder that uses DVD-RAM . It is double sided , for a full hour of video , and seems to record well .
 The first step is the video camcorder . Consider what DVD format -LRB- s -RRB- it uses . Will it play in your DVD player ? Will it play in your computer ? Will your editing software recognize DVD-RAM ? If not , you may want to reconsider what you are buying . Many DVD players and computer players will not play all DVD formats . DVD-RAM is fine if all your equipment will play it . It is easy to use .
 At least this should work in my camcorder . I am struggling with getting the correct disks to work . Make sure the maker . Of your camcorder is the same as your DVD disks !
 Nothing to really review . it arrived and i was able to use it . So good job Panasonic.Nothing else to add .
 These DVD-RAM discs are hard to find . None of the electronics stores in this area carry them . I was very pleased to find them at Amazon.com . I thank you and my camcorder thanks you .
 DVD RAM disk came without original holder for the Panasonic DVD RAM camcorder . The image on Amazon shows a certain type of older style packaging . When I received the disk it was n't what was on the website . I can use the disk however was looking for the holder that came with the disks .
 I bought this cd player a month ago and it works great . Even without the esp on it rarely skips . I use it in the car without it on and it never skips ! I love the resume play . Panasonic 's resume play only goes to the song you were on . Sony 's goes to the exact second . I 've dropped it multiple times and it still works great .
 I actually bought the D-E465CK model based on the reviews I read here on Amazon.com . I 've had the CD player for a couple months now and it 's still working brilliantly . It really does n't even require the ESP function since it is very stable on its own , despite the mishandling of a rowdy teenager such as myself . The backlight display is a heavenly feature , especially when you 're getting hyped for a night at a club and you can actually READ the track numbers in the dark . I use all the extras like the different programming methods -LRB- shuffle , repeat , order , select -RRB- and the two different bass-boost choices . I 've had NO problems with this CD player skipping , even as I drove through the pothole-ridden DC roads -LRB- which are absolutely horrendous and probably the WORST on the East Coast -RRB- . It also comes with bits of velcro so it will stay put in your car . Also , I should mention the perpetuity of the design - a sleek and minimal silver . I can definitely see myself using this CD player for years without getting embarrassed about the tacky sport colours which will go out of fashion in another 4 months . The price is impressively low for such a terrific machine , and com ` on ... who does n't trust Sony ?
 I bought the D-E446CK , which is the same things as this one just without the rechargeable batt and backlit display . You can walk with this discman and use it in the car without the ESP2 turned on , it even did n't skip with ESP off at the back seat of the school bus over very rough roads . Even with ESP off it somehow still has shock protection because you can shake it and play will not be interrupted at all . I like all of the features on this discman and it looks really awesome . It has more features than Panasonic I just hope it lasts as long as they do .
 I owned this cd player for about 3 weeks . I can play this cd player in my pocket with out esp ^ 2 on and its pretty stable , i had it on the back of the school bus and on a boat going 20 + knots with almost no skipping it plays my cd-r with no problem -LRB- blue or gold bottoms -RRB- the back light only turns on when u plug an alternative power source that battery charger is great !
 This is the best discman ever ! The sound is the best and so far I have n't found anything wrong with it except that you either use regular batteries or you have to use a specific kind of rechargeable battery . But , other than that , it is the best discman ever ! There are many different kinds of functions that are easy to control and work . There is a really great kind of function called ESP and it uses a buffer to limit skips to around once when I am running -LRB- or walking -RRB- , and it is sooooooo ! easy to work , it has it 's own button that you push to turn on or off . There 's also an AVLS -LRB- Auto Volume Limiter System -RRB- function that makes the volume have a limit , and even at the lowest , it sounds great !
 Recently I purchased this CD player , and it is a wonderful upgrade from my 1994 Discman . This Cd player is virtually UNSKIPABLE ! It survived a 3 hour bus ride for my senior class trip . I used a adaptor i got from Radio Shack so i could hook up two headsets . My best friend wanted to listen too , he is a diehard RCA fan and laughed when he sawmy Discman . Well by the end of the trip he was amazed by the Groove setting , easy use but more importantly it never skiped , even without using the ESP . We even snuck it onto a ride , it was simlar to `` free fall '' its a 150foot drop , it did not skip once . Needless to say , he is now looking on to this line of SONY cd players . Just incase your still doubting the purchase , trust me its worth it ! Suprizing nobody said anything about how light it is . It is also set up well the buttons are not only easy to read , they are well spaced and clearly marked . I recommend this cd player to anyone who loves music .
 This Sony was the second portable Cd player I had bought . I really liked the features it came with . One of the reasons I had bought the model with the car kit is because the LCD screen would light up when plugged in an external power souce . The ESP 2 will protect it from small bumps , but it wo n't keep playing if dropped . The battery life is average for todays CD players . The head phones it came with are OK , but I would upgrade those to a better set , especialy if you want to use the GROOVE sound setting . Which is now discontinued on all Sony Discman and Walkman models . I belive that its one of the best !
 I got my new CD Walkman yesterday ; opened it this morning . It plays great , etc. , but my disappointment is that the headphones do not have the remote on their cord as depicted in the item picture . Nor do they come with batteries included , which is what the other item is I think in the picture . I do n't need a lot of the other stuff that came in the package -LRB- I have no interest in the car pack -RRB- but I do think the photo of the item you are purchasing should be a more accurate one . But otherwise , an excellent product for the money . That is why the 4-star rating instead of 5 .
 I bought the D-E206CK , which seems to be just like this one , but without the backlit display I believe , and I am impressed with how well it is shock proof . The case is well designed and looks and feels great . The only thing is the headphones ; they are uncomfortable , but in all , this is a wise purchase !
 I bought the Channel Plus DMT-16 Telephone Distribution Module to rewire the phone lines in my ~ 50 year old house . Our old 2-line phone system had been cobbled together over the years and was plagued with lots of crosstalk and line noise that interfered with my ADSL Internet connection and even with normal telephone conversations at times . I had previously wired my home for a computer Ethernet network , but had no other significant experience with wiring prior to using the DMT-16 . I replaced all of the phone wiring with Cat 5 -LRB- actually `` Cat 6 '' -RRB- , 23 gauge , solid conductor , unshielded twisted pair computer network wiring , and added several new phone jacks using 12 of the DMT-16 's 16 potential locations . We only have 2 phone lines , but the DMT-16 allows for up to 4 lines . The DMT-16 uses a type of connection called a 110 punchdown connection . The connection between the DMT-16 and the phone wire is made with a simple 110 punchdown tool -LRB- not included -RRB- that is very easy to use , and does not require stripping the insulation off of the wires . Each connection on the DMT-16 is clearly color-coded for use with computer wire making the wiring scheme easy to keep straight . I used `` tooless '' jacks on the other ends of the wires that do n't require the punchdown tool and actually preferred the secure feel of the DMT-16 's connections.The DMT-16 includes a simple labeling system where you can clearly and easily label each wire for future reference . It has separate mounting brackets for either a dedicated rack mount or for a wall mount . The instructions were clear and useful , but they do seem to presuppose a certain preexisting level of knowledge with phone wiring . I was easily able to find any additional instructions and tips that I needed on the Internet with no other outside help.I connected the DMT-16 to our home alarm system using its RJ-31X security system interface . Typical telephone `` 6P6C '' jacks are often called `` RJ-11 '' and `` RJ-12 '' jacks -LRB- depending on how the 6P6C jack is wired -RRB- , and they have 6-positions for 6-contacts . The RJ-31X security system jack uses an 8P8C computer Ethernet jack that is wired in the RJ-31X pattern for the alarm system . I had to make a cable to reach from the alarm system controller to where I wanted to place the DMT-16 , but it was no harder than wiring the phone lines . When the alarm system is triggered , the RJ-31X connection on the DMT-16 allows the alarm system to `` seize '' the line to contact the alarm company 's monitoring office . I tested the RJ-31X connector on the DMT-16 and it works fine.The DMT-16 also adds surge protection for the phone lines , and it has indicator lights to show which lines are in use.I found using the DMT-16 the easiest part of my rewiring project . Since wiring our house with the DMT-16 we no longer have crosstalk between the two lines , and the `` sizzling bacon '' line noise that we suffered from is gone . I wired the ADSL line directly from the modem to a special whole house filter/splitter in the telephone company 's Network Interface Device bypassing the DMT-16 -LRB- thereby eliminating the need for DSL filters on each phone inside the house -RRB- , but I did try the DSL Internet connection through the DMT-16 prior to installing the splitter and it worked fine . I recommend the Channel Plus DMT-16 Telephone Distribution Module for do-it-yourselfers .
 Same situation -LRB- rewire 50 + year old house -RRB- , same outcome -LRB- works great -RRB- as Richard Behnke . Added multiple jacks to each room in the house -LRB- using keystone jacks that allowed me to include network plugs in same wall plate -LSB- obviously network wiring does NOT go through the DMT16 -RSB- -RRB- . Also bought the 110 punch down tool from Amazon . Found several youtube videos showing how to use - quite easy once you know how . Also makes including your alarm system PROPERLY simple -LRB- so the alarm will seize the line when required -RRB- . Only reason I 'm adding this review is to 2nd that of Richard Behnke - the DMT16 makes it easy to connect multiple lines to your phone company 's network interface device -LRB- NID -RRB- . Finally , found -LSB- ... -RSB- to be quite useful in planning network .
 Like many , I 've found the transition from LPs to CDs did n't solve the space requirements of music storage . CD jewel boxes are n't as tall as LP 's , but they 're thicker . Stored spine-out on shelves , they absorb a surprising amount of wall space . Stored spine-up in drawers , they grow heavy in aggregate , and require rugged cabinets with industrial-strength roller suspension . Even worse , jewel boxes are a fragile container , and I 've found myself replacing cracked and broken parts on a regular basis.Some collectors have chosen to rip their CDs and store the physical artifacts in the basement , but this leaves the booklets and tray cards out of easy reach . Better would be a storage system that takes less space , weighs less , and is less fragile.Enter the Jewel Sleeve.The Jewel Sleeve is made of heavy duty vinyl with a compartment lined in non-woven fabric for CD protection . The CD booklet fits into the front-most compartment , the CD in the next , and the tray card -LRB- with the side tabs fully extended -RRB- in the rear . A small pouch at the top provides a space for an index card , laser-printer-ready sheets of which are provided . Fully loaded , a Jewel Sleeve is about 1/3 the thickness of a standard jewel box.Once you 've decanted your CDs into sleeves , you can either store them in one of the chests sold by Jewel Sleeve 's vendor , or you can improvise . I 've stored mine in cardboard bin boxes -LRB- such as the B36 model from Tharco -RRB- , and stored the boxes on inexpensive shelving purchased at a home supply store.The density of this storage system is vastly superior to lining your CDs up on shelves , but it comes at a logistical price
 I ran out of room for my extensive CD collection several years ago and began looking at converting to some sort of compact storage . Realizing that the plastic case takes up a huge amount of room and weighs quite a bit , I looked for some way of discarding this bit of detritus . I looked at moving my discs to notebook like holders . I found a system that would hold the disc and the front booklet - but what about the back liner ? I admit I am obsessive anal completist who does not want to discard any useful bit of the album , so eliminating the back liner -LRB- with the handy listing of tracks -RRB- is impossible.Enter the Jewel Sleveve system . The Jewel Sleeve is a compact storage pouch that has places to hold the CD , the front booklet and the back liner . You can get these sleeves through Amazon , but the company offers various storage methods for the jewel sleeves , one of which is a 3 or 4 drawer chect -LRB- with optional rolling base -RRB- . These 3-drawer chest is about the size of a night stand and holds 1000 CDs . So slick to have 1000 CDs stored in the space of night stand with all documentation right there at your fingertips . The company also makes heavy-duty portable storage chests for transporting your CDs.So now I have 3 chests , 2 are 3-drawer and 1 is 4-drawer . All chests have the rolling base as those chests are extremely heavy and if you need to vacuum or shift the chest it would be impossible without the base . Conversion to the Jewel Sleeve involved the laborious process of disassembling CDs and inserting them into the sleeves . This is a wonderful job for a rainy or snowy night watching TV . Friends are very useful as well . Then throw away -LRB- or donate to the library -RRB- most of the CD cases . Save some as you may need to reconstitute a CD for some reason.Now how about competing products - DiscSox makes a storage system that is slightly smaller in size than the Jewel Sleeve . The DiscSox version loads from the bottom/side while Jewel Sleeve is top loading for the CD . I have purchased DiscSox for two disc sets and found them to be compatible with the Jewel Sleeve system . The bottom loading is not as effective as the top-loading of the Jewel Sleeve - the discs occasionally fall out if not held just so , and the adhesive bond holding the bottom of the case together relaxes , loosening the retention of the CD in the case . But the Discsox sleeves fit into the storage made by the Jewel Sleeve people and theses sleeves provide a means to store 2-disc sets while retaining all CD material . Note
 These are a FANTASTIC idea I hope you go ahead with - you 'll be sooo happy you did!Your discs stay clean and are secure enough not to fall out of the sleeve easily on you . There is room for your cover art -LRB- or booklet -RRB- and for the back piece of the CD info -- and it 's a little tight , but if you have a 2 CD set , both CDs will fit into the 1 sleeve with your artwork.The amount of storage space you save by using these sleeves is INCREDIBLE ! And once you put your CDs into these sleeves , there are so many options for how to store them attractively -LRB- or just practically -RRB- . I am in the process of moving to a smaller place and now I need much fewer boxes to move my CDs in , and much less space in the new place to store them . I 'm sooo happy I found these , and very pleased with this product . I highly recommend them !! ============= BTW
 I 've been ordering Jewelsleeves for about 10 years and I am always happy with the product and service . I have custom CD shelves that can hold thousands of CDs , but my collection is so extensive that I found myself having to pull discs out and put them in storage in order to accomodate new discs . With Jewelsleeves , I 'm able to have close to 4 times the number of CDs in these easily-accessible shelves . They were a game-changer for me !
 These are the best things that I have found to protect and reduce the space taken up by CD 's . They are expensive but worth it . The quality is excellent and they handle all of the documentation that comes with a cd .
 I 've transitioned to the jewel sleeves several years ago , and I find the sleeves to be very well made , and compact.The one problem I have is finding something to store them in other than the storage chests the manufacturer sells . In my opinion , while they look well made , they are quite expensive . If anyone has found a less expensive storage solution for Jewel Sleeves that features drawers rather than shelves , I 'd be interested to hear about it .
 I bought these speakers christmas 2001 so I 've been listening to them for a year now . I have them paired with a smaller set of KLH bookshelf speakers . Powered by a 100 watt Teac home audio receiver along with a Teac equalizer connected with gold tipped monster cable . These speakers ROCK !! really . The sound is very clean . Regaurdless of weather your listening to rock , jazz ect . . With the smooth jazz or very instramental songs you can hear everything . The seperation of sound is just wonderfull . But on the other hand they can also put out the very loud thumping bass that would make a marshall stack proud , that 's if you can take turning up the volume . I hav n't had the need to blow out my ears or really disturb the neighbors so I 've not turned the receiver up past 4 on an 8 volume knob . But at 3-4 the sound is loud enough for an enclosed room . I bought the EQ after getting the speakers in order to better control the sound . What I found was that without the EQ in some cases the bass was overpowering . The EQ has given me the ability to tone down the bass or midrange when needed.The size of these speakers are to say big . If you have a small place these speakers are not for you . They need to be seperated by some space . I have mine on opposite sides of the room with the bookshelfs in between which work out ok . In a large room they take up space really nice and look great . I would have liked them to be a honey color which I saw KLH made but was never able to find them but the black is fine . The only bad thing I can find that I would change is the terminals which are the clip type . A screw type binder would have really made these the ultimate package but with the price of these speakers it 's really easy to look the other way . Bottom line
 I hooked this enormous speaker up to my 50 watt reciever.They have ample bass ... But i wouldnt suggest these speakers for a 3 piece system -LRB- reciever , speaker pair -RRB- because there are virtually no mids and the highs are really flat sounding.The speakers still sound this way when the treble is all the way up.I also warn people on trying to bridge these speakers i use 50 watt amp so i tried it and its not a wise idea.All in all these speakers are great at their price but the sound is mainly for the bass lovers.Add a set of mid to high bookshelf speakers and its a system that is unrivaled at this price .
 the best speaker for the money i have heard.And i have heard alot .
 I bought two of these and could not wait for them to arrive . ... I must say , it was well worth the wait ... Sorry , I had to get that out of the way . Thanks AMAZON for the great deal ... NOW , for the sound & quality . They sound AMAZING !!! GREAT highs , GREAT lows . VERY CRISP and CLEAR SOUND . I love them . My friend has a set of ... speakers -LRB- w/fully powered sub-woofers -RRB- . While I must admit they 're awesome even my friend says these KLH 's sound amazing and He would have easily bought these before droping almost 2 grand on the others . I have to admit ... I was a little uneasy about buying without hearing ... a gamble I 'm glad I took . ALSO , they look great . I love the Painted Black Wood look , it matches perfectly with my entire system . I say , `` PERFECT '' , `` PERFECT '' , I say . Again , thank you AMAZON for the great deal . I love these speakers and look forward to my DVD movies with great anticipation . THESE SPEAKERS ARE EASILY WORTH THE MONEY -LRB- plus a tip -RRB- WITH QUALITY & VALUE TO SPARE !!!
 These speakers are awesome ! I have a 100w per channel surround sound system and they do n't even break a sweat . If you live in an apartment builing in Manhattan like I do you might feel a little restrained on the volume because these things GOT BASS . In a home it could rival any movie theatre you have went to . Deep bass , crystal clear highs and an excellent mid range . This is regardless of price . Now account for the -LSB- $ $ -RSB- per speaker price and you have something to cheap to pass up.The speakers are larger than the typical towers but they have a 12 '' woofer so that accounts for the size . The size is not ridiculous but it will make family and friends do a double take with a smile because they know there must be some serious sound coming out of them.GO BUY A PAIR , ONLY YOUR NEIGHBORS WILL BE SORRY !
 These speakers are awesome worth and worth every penny . It is o hard to get speakers that you can be proud of without having to shell out an atronomicle amount of money.If u have never heard of this brand b4 dont be afraid these things r well worth every cent .
 Have had speakers 6 days ; I 'm giving them a `` break-in '' period.Thus far I could n't be more pleased . They seem to produce everything from highs to lows with ease . I have a wide variety of tastes in music . It ranges from classical to the screamer Manard Ferguson . They have satisfied me in every respect . When I listen to Wynton Marsalis he sounds unbelievable . To anyone , I ca n't see buying `` audiophile '' equipment when this product is so satisfying . I 'll probably upgrade them in time.Bill from Oceanside , CA .
 Because of the price , I figured they would sound cheap . That is not the case . These are some very rich sounding speakers . From every volume level , mine to his -LSB- his being exceedingly loud -RSB- , there is good bass and the treble is crisp . The only problem we encountered was a vibration on one of the speakers when turned up a few db 's . The vibration was due to an inadequate seal on the back wall of the box . We fixed that with minimal effort .
 The frequency response is unbeatable , and for the price , you could afford a pair or two of these mammoth size speakers . When my friends saw them they were like `` Woah , Sweet ! '' With my KLH 5001s coupled with a AudioSource 15 and 2 Klh 9912s i was able to crank out more decibles than a 10 speaker system that a friend of mine owns . Awsome sound and great all around performance , just the kind of quality i would expect from KLH .
 I purchased a pair of these speakers via Amazon.com -LRB- best price -RRB- in December 2001 . I have enjoyed them very much . I use them with a high power Sony reciever for watching DVDs and for all types of rock and rap music . The bass is so deep and clean that I nolonger need my self-powered sub-base speaker unit . You are not going to beat them for the price . The particle board cabinet is covered with a very very thin black wood grain decal that does not stick to all the corners perfectly . I just blew out one of the speakers by playing really a loud super low bass disc . It still works , but is rattling . Now I will see how that 5 year unconditional warranty works :-RRB- I highly recomend these speakers
 For less than 200 dollars for the pair . . this is an incredible deal . I just received mine yesterday and I LOVE THEM . GIVE KLH the credit . . Great Sound , Great Price . They have my recommendation .
 Speakers are great ... did n't have as much bass with my surrounds sound but they were pretty good
 theses speakers are crystel clear and they also pound too . get the rear and center channel speakers and you got a theater sounding system
 PastMy old setup consisted of a Sony 120 watt amp . Sony 10 disc changer , and two KLH AV5001 speakers . They were primarily played in a 18 ' by 12 ' bedroom located in the basement of the house . I bought these speakers when I was 16 years old back in 1993 . Being raised by liberal parents , I listened to my music very loud and once tested the SPL of the speakers at 123db without distortion . I may have been able to go further but I physically could not handle the loudness . I used the KLH AV5001 as the sole pair of speakers at many high school dances -- it required an additional amplifier than the Sony amp stated above to avoid amplifier clipping -- but the sound performance was superb . The room directly above my old bedroom no longer has any paint on any of the sheet rock nails because the bass from the speakers vibrated the paint off them . My claim to fame
 With dual woofers there is great base response . The highs and the mids are pristine and they blend in to most decores
 I ordered these speakers about three months ago . These speakers are simply amazing . I searched for the longest time for a set of floorstanding speakers . I went to various stores and various sites to find ones thatI liked . In comparison to others , these delivered the best response and had the lowest prices . The dual 12 's deliver frequency response all the way down to 20hz , just outside of hearing . The highs are crisp and the bass is deep and clear . All this with 100 watts . The speakers can handle up to 250 watts , but would still sound great with 50 watts ... in comparison to the ones that I saw elsewhere , they are worth every bit of it . I would get these for every stereo in my house if it was practical .
 These speakers will give you more boom for your buck than any other you will find . With dual 12 '' woofers in each speaker they have a great bass response with very or no distortion . They also have great power handling and a really good frequency response . I plan on ordering 2 more when I get enough money to .
 These speakers are the absolute best investment to my home theatre . The first time I saw these speakers in action , I was at a friends house . The sound was unbelievable . He said that he ordered the speakers from Amazon.com for $ 70 each . My last pair of KLH speakers I bought were half the size but $ 150 each . This is a deal that you can not pass up . I 'm running these speakers with a Aiwa receiver that pumps out 120w -LRB- half that would still be just fine -RRB- . THIS IS THE COOL PART ! My entertainment center is downstairs , when I have the system volume up to 2/3 , I can walk outside and here the massive bass rattling the house apart -LRB- do n't do this if your parents are home :o-RRB- -RRB- . The speakers are good quality and the sound is great . Also , they look great , much better than some of the higher buck speakers . The only drawback is the wire connections on the back are not the screw type , but they still get the job done . The way I see it , why spend $ 200 + on a speaker when you can get the same sound out of one of these .
 I 'm very happy buying the AV5001 . I get great sound from these speakers . Crystal clear highs with deep strong bass . Vocals are clear . String quartets sounds like they 're playing right in the room . Music really comes alive with these speakers . Very good speakers at a great value . Someday , should some mishaps happen to my AV5001 , I wo n't be as heartbroken as when my JBL was smashed last winter when my son decided to do somersaults on that cold winter night . Boy , what a mistake to have previously bought moderately expensive speakers for a growing family with active kids in the house . Now , I tell myself , why pay more for more expensive speakers when there 's no real significant difference in performance . The AV5001 is just as good sounding as my previous JBL at a significant savings . And , chances are , regardless of whether you 're buying an expensive or inexpensive set of speakers , you 're likely to shop for another set in about 5 - 10 years .
 These puppies list at an MSRP of -LSB- price -RSB- at the KLH website , so you 're looking at a serious bargain -LRB- -LSB- price -RSB- as I write this -RRB- and I do n't know why no one hypes it more . Normally I 'd think such a discount would mean clearance of a poorly made product , trying to get it out of the warehouses to free up space , but that 's definitely not the case . After doing some major research and deciding I 'd be willing to spend up to $ 200 per speaker , I decided to go with the AV5100 . Why ? The reviews were stunningly positive , and they 're right on the money.Pros
 This is an amazing value for speakers . I just got them and I am very impressed so far . Incase you are wondering the dimensions are
 I have had my KLH 's for 7 years and they still sound great . This is a great specker overall I got a sub woofer later it adds no real effect to the sound in my room .
 A 50 watt amp does n't break a sweat driving these speakers . No need for high volume to enjoy . The sound reproduction is awesome for all frequencies . Only drawback - they are BIG , really BIG .
 This Discman is the best . It has great ant-shock protection . It was a big jump from my previous Sony D-171 Discman . It will skip sometimes but not much . Even when my mom was driving me to hockey practice on a bumpy road full of potholes it would not skip . It is great and fits in your poket . The Groove sound position sounds really good . The discman is really skinny in width , and light . weight . This is a good price for such a high quality peace of equipment . It is worth the money . Overall it is a good peace of equipment the , resume play feature is also very cool . This discman has all the features of the other one 's . It even has a minidisc link optical output . It is 20 hour playback without Esp on but lasts about 18 hours with it on from expierence . The lid is easy to scrath but it is not like it really fragile but it can scrath . This is a very good buy I had my doubts in the begining but after I got it I was relieved . If you are thinking like me and you are debating on which discman to get I would recommend this discman because it is really cool and also reliable at the same time . If you are looking for a light weight , styleish but stirty discman that you can show off with without being imbarrised then this is the discman for you . Good luck with your new discman .
 I think the person who wrote this is ... has something wrong with him , or ca n't figure out how to you use this cd player because he is stupid . I 've had mine for about a year , and it never skips . The sound quality is great ! I think it is the perfect discman for everyone .
 I 've had this cd player for over a month so I feel that I have had appropriate time to fairly and justly review it . My ending judgement is a enthusiastic thumbs up . It has a great battery life , especially if you use a higher brand battery which will last for 19 + hours . The sound is faithfully reproduced and the megabass and groove setting allow for some diversion in playback . I do feel , however , that the headphones provided are somewhat inadequate for a cd player of this quality . I suggest some digital reference headphones , they allow for a much better listening experience . Do n't believe though that the esp will account for jogging , it will skip . The protection is great though , for listening in the car and for a nice brisk walk . The player itself is suprisingly light yet retains a solid feel . The cover will get scratched easily though as it is soft plastic . Another benefit is the thinness of the player , it will fit easily into any fanny pack for travel . All in all , this cd player is worth buying . It has great battery life , great sound reproduction , and is remarkably light and easy to carry .
 This is -LRB- basically -RRB- a run of the mill CD player , although a few years ago this would be considered quite something . The main reason I purchased it is because its the cheapest player I could find with an optical MiniDisc output , and for this purpose it works very , very well.Beyond this , on the plus side , its got ESP and its very , very slim , probably as small as any portable CD player you 'll find , and its also light weight . For the money I paid -LRB- $ 90 I think -RRB- I think I could have done a lot worse.A few ways that this player could have been improved , and why I do n't give it five stars - First , it probably would have made the unit more expensive , and it seems like very few other CD players have this feature these days , but a rechargeable battery would have hit the spot , big time . Second - as far as I can tell , there is no way to get the unit to display time remaining , either on the currently playing track , the disc , or the tracks you 've programmed - this is minor but it can be an annoyance from time to time . Last , the control design could have been a tad better - specificaly , the play and stop buttons are right next to each other , and in the dark they feel exactly the same - its hard to remember which is which which makes operating the unit a hit and miss experience in the dark.Other nice to haves -LRB- although probably at the expense of price -RRB- would be a wire/wireless remote and a backlit display , but you ca n't have everything I suppose.Bottom line
 I got this discman a few days ago and it is great ! It has a battery life of 20 hours with ESP2 off . I usually walk around with ESP off and it only skips if I am going down the stairs or if I am walking up or down a slope . It is very compact and looks nice . Sound quality is very good . It has Mega Bass and Groove modes . Keep in mind that there are two colors for this discman -LRB- silver and blue -RRB- . I was expecting a silver one like the picture but I got the blue instead . To me , both colors look good . The discman is light weight and thin .
 I recently got this discman , and once again Sony did not dissopint me . Its is very thin and light , and is a great looking cd player ! The ESP2 protection works great -LRB- you cant jog with it in a pocket -RRB- but it is more protection that you would need for regular use . The grove sound position sounds like you are really there , and the batteries can last 20 hours . It has many playback options and an optical output , resume , and alvs system . Overall this machine sounds GREAT and is WELL WORTH your money !
 + + + On the plus side , the Sony D-E561 has decent battery life running on just two AA batteries , and the ESP feature manages to keep the music going even when the player is shaken for up to 15 seconds . This is great for anyone who has to do train and bus hopping , but I doubt whether it would stand up to jogging ` round the park.The resume feature that is becoming popular on many portables is also interesting . If you stop the player -LRB- with the `` Resume '' function activated -RRB- , the player memorises the exact spot that was being played , and begins from there the next time the play button is pressed , as long as the lid is not opened in between stopping and playing.It 's a slim , attractive design , with buttons just below the display on top of the player . At first I thought this was a nuisance , but then I realised that if you hold the player in your hand , your thumb practically falls on the buttons , and after a few minutes , you do n't even need to look at the panel to know which button is which.The programming functions are straightforward , if you follow the simple manual . If you 've owned a Sony Discman previously , you wo n't need to re-learn anything - the programming seems to be like that of its predecessors.The MegaBass functions are good for some music , but ruin others - you be the judge . There are two levels - both seem to lower the midrange while boosting the bass and also the treble to some extent . The second , higher level is not that useful , since it tends to overdrive the headphone amplifier on occasion . Dropping the volume clears the distortion in those cases . - - - On the minus side , the headphone amplifier is a bit weak - my previous Discman was Sony 's D-4 -LRB- now 12 years old , and still going -RRB- , which had a hefty amplifier , and could handle driving many higher-quality headphones comfortably . This one seems to struggle most of the time when I use the Sony MDR-V6 headphones that I also purchased from Amazon at the same time as the Discman . The V6 's are fantastic headphones , but not for this unit - they 're a bit too power hungry.As for the headphones that come with this unit - toss ` em . Actually , pull off the foam earpads , then toss them . The earpads fit some of Sony 's older headphones reasonably well . Just know that you should either already have a good set of phones , or factor in the cost of a good set when buying this player . I 've settled on using the MDR-51 phones that came with my Sony WMD-6C Walkman.Plugging in a cable to the `` Line out '' jack shuts off the Mega Bass functions , so if you 're feeding the sound to something else like a cassette recorder via the Line Out jack , you wo n't benefit from the Mega Bass functions . ** This is not mentioned in the manual ! Shame on you , Sony ! ** As a bonus , the unit that Amazon shipped me was metallic blue , not boring silver as in the picture on the website . All in all , for the $ 99 that I paid for it I should n't complain . It 's a pretty good player .
 I love the shock protection.I used to own a 30dollar GPX cd player and it broke fast and ate too many batteries -LRB- dontt even make me think about the headphones -RRB- . The headphones for this one suck but i already had some nice headphones so it was a good buy.END
 This cd player is wonderful . it is slim enough to fit in my pocket . The anti-shock is almost perfect . It skips quickly if it is in your pocket and you are walking.Unlike other brands that give you headphones that do n't work well or play loud enough , that is not the case with this sony headphones . If you are looking for a cd player not for it 's price but for it 's quality this a great cd player . It also makes a great gift .
 This waterproof case worked great on the 6 dives that we did in Mexico . It was down a max depth of 80 feet over three days of diving.The case allows full control of all the camera functions and settings . You can purchase weights from Canon that will bring the bouyancy to neutral . I did not have them and had no problems.A few recommendations that were given to me that I thought I 'd pass on : - Do a `` test '' dive with the case empty to make sure there are not any leakage issues . - Get some moisture munchers -LRB- dessicant packs -RRB- to avoid fogging at depth . Loading the camera in your air-conditioned hotel room -LRB- assuming you 're not on a liveaboard -RRB- also helps keep out excess moisture . - Avoid opening and closing the case while on the dive boat . - Rinse with fresh water after every dive . - Unless you purchase a strobe light , it does help to be closer to subjects/objects -LRB- less than 5 feet -RRB- in order to get better color when you are deep .
 While I have only used the waterproof case in shallow water applications , I am thrilled with the results so far . I have no reason to think that it would n't perform equally as well during a deeper dive -LRB- 50-100 ft -RRB- . You can really get creative in and around the water knowing that your camera is n't going to get damaged . The Canon A520 is a great , all-around point and shoot camera . Combine it with the waterproof case and it will allow you to take your photography skills to a higher level . I 'll admit that I 'm strictly a novice photographer , but you might think otherwise after viewing some of my recent snaps . I am convinced that the waterproof housing allows you to maximize your digital photography experience .
 We got this for our family vacation trip to Aruba , and we took it both snorkeling with us at the beach and just going to the pool at the resort . It was really easy to pop our digital camera in , close the case , and off you go to the water ! We also bought the weights to attach to the bottom so it would n't float when we went scuba diving . Pictures came out great.My only negative on this was it was hard to tell what you were taking a picture of . In shallow water under sunlight , the ambient light was too bright for me to see the screen to tell what I was taking a picture of , and I could n't really use the view-finder with a mask on , so I just sort of aimed in the general direction and took a picture . And hey , it 's a digital camera , so it 's not like you 're wasting film ! Just take lots of pictures and then pick out a few of the good ones .
 I bought this for a snorkeling vacation we took in Hawaii . I do most of my photography with an SLR , but for underwater the case and smaller camera worked well.Depending on the light conditions underwater it can be difficult to see the viewfinder , but the pictures turned out well . Be careful not to open the case `` on the beach '' since it is easy to get grime in the seal .
 I do n't actually take the camera under water very often , but I do take it in the rain and near bodies of water -LRB- oceans , lakes , swamps -RRB- . Even when I 've got this on my camera , the quality of photos is still good .
 Even though this case is designed for the A510/A520 it works on the Canon A530 . I just got back from the pool and ca n't wait to use it in mexico next week . It does have some limitations -LRB- w/A530 -RRB- with button access because of location variatons on the models , but it does work . The on/off , shutter , flash , zoom , macro/Manual Focus , and picture modes , are all accessible which leaves the play switch , delete , display , and menu unavailable . But ya know what , the important stuff work . This may not be as great as my Canon 10d but it gets the job done.I got mine on ebay for $ 100 . BTW . . Canon Rocks , Nikon sucks .
 just got back from Hawaii ... and my underwater photos turned out GREAT ! what 's even better is taking movies underwater ! some advice ... you may want to get some lithiums for your camera . i took so many pictures and movies ... that the batteries went dead fast . this is one of the best investments i 've ever made . well worth the money for awesome pictures .
 The WP-DC60 Waterproof Case worked extremely well for our recent trip to the Carribean . We used it to take pictures of our grandchild underwater in the pool , on a Kayak Trip in the ocean , snorkling with fish and turtles as well as on an island hike . The camera was dry all the time and the pictures in wet and dry environments worked well . I learned that you have to wipe the lens if you are underwater and come up to take a picture above the water . You can get water droplet on the picture . I wish I had practiced with the camera a little before I used because underwater , I was not always sure I had gotten the picture . Also the camera has an auto shut off so I thought I took a few pictures that I did not . That is mostly my fault.I would recommend the product for people who want good quality underwater pictures or who spend time around the water alot .
 I ordered it on line , it was delivered on time . It fits the camera like a glove . All of the controls work outside of the case . I can not wait to use it .
 I got an Olympus Stylus zoom 115 camera a year ago and I use it alot and it still works perfectly . I love it 's compact size and it 's features . I love it so much I decided to get another one . I just recently ordered another one and I ca n't wait to get it . The Olympus Stylus Zoom 115 is the best camera i had so far . The red eye reduction feature is the best because when I took pictures on my old camera I always had red eyes but with the Olympus Stylus Zoom 115 I had a perfect picture . I also love the zoom feature because I can get a faraway picture and a close picture . The automatic loading and rewinding is cool to because it makes it easier and much faster . If you need a zoom camera this is the one to get .
 My dream was to get this very camera as I have heard much about it 's perfect quality . Now I am a proud owner of Stylus zoom 115 camera - I 've got one as my birthday present . I 've already managed to print pictures made by it -LRB- my birthday was just two days ago -RRB- and now i have very nice photos .
 These speakers were smaller than I expected , which ended up being a good thing , as I still got the sound levels I expected -LRB- rather than them being tiny or thin-sounding based on their size -RRB- . The speakers have the advantage of being incredibly loud if desired ; I always keep my volume set in the lower third . These speakers would be great for presentations in large rooms . However the frequency range is n't as large as I 'd prefer it . Some sounds may experience cutoff at louder volumes.The 3D switch seems to increase the strength of the middle frequencies to produce a `` surround sound '' effect . It 's hit or miss with certain songs or even movies . While the music does get enhanced , and the ` surrounding ' feeling is there , sometimes the vocals or any dialogue is completely drowned out.The subwoofer is lacking , though . The bass does not have an individual setting , and its small size may be a disadvantage in this case . The bass can still be heard , although it ca n't be felt as well as the output of other brands of subwoofers.The satellite speakers are not permanently attached to the subwoofer and can act as standalone speakers if desired . They do n't receive the amplification from the subwoofer , of course , but they are still decent on their own using only the output of your sound system.The back of the subwoofer has a 3.5 mm input jack and 3.5 mm output jack . The set comes with a long 3.5 mm male-to-male cable to be hooked into the headphone-out of your laptop or desktop , for example . So you may need adaptor cables depending on your sound setup .
 I have tried several other companies ' screen protectors on my T5 , and this is the best so far . I was amazed at the crispness of the handwriting recognition -LRB- this was a suprise to me , because the plastic is thicker than other companies , but the recognition is better -RRB- . The smooth surface allowed me to write relatively fast compared to the friction on some other screen protectors . Also , the stiffer plastic seems durable , i 've used it for about 2 months now and there is no wear in tear in the writing area or elsewhere at all . -LRB- Examples of some others I 've tried : PALM 's screen protector is awful , aside from cutting the right size -LRB- a minor issue -RRB- , the soft plastic creats a lot of friction when I try to write and slows me down , has poor character recognition , and the soft plastic over the grafitti writing area was totally scratched up afer a couple of weeks.FELLOW 's screen protector that I had 4 years ago was fantastic , but the one that I got a couple months ago was useless . After I stuck it to my pda 's screen , the pda did n't recognize ANY of my attempts to try to write or press the screen buttons . At first I thought my pda had froze , but afer several times resetting/re-installing my pda software , I realized it 's the stupid fellowesscreen protector that rendered my pda useless . I already told Fellowes about this problem , so hopefully future versions of their product will be better -RRB-
 I bought a pair of these ... just cuz they were dirt-cheap for the pair . I 've already ordered a pair of KLH AV5001s -LRB- still waitin for them -RRB- but these were delivered to me at school first . I 've got them hooked up to my Pioneer 4x150 watt receiver , and it 's ridiculous with these two `` smaller '' speakers . I have this all hooked up to my computer , and already people are asking me to DJ for their parties . I ca n't even IMAGINE how it will sound when my AV5001s arrive ...
 These speakers rocks ! Price is very reasonable , you can afford it and instead of tiny speakers with woofer , I like these FLOOR STANDING SPEAKERS BETTER , CAUSE I like to feel the vibe !
 I bought these speakers a while ago -LRB- few months -RRB- to replace the old speakers I had -LRB- One 's my parents had when they were in college , it had a hudge 8 inch driver . I was amazed at the power they had even though it was hooked up to a tiny 100 watt amp . I have scence upgraded to my father 's old AMPZILLIA . Even when I crank these things up to their max 170 watts they stay clean -LRB- and they have a buffer of at least 30 watts -RRB- . I only had one problem with them . I wanted more bass . I bought a small 8 inch sub and they work perfect together . I have found that these speakers sound best when you have at least 120watts going through them . Anything less you can still hear yourself think .
 I 've had these speakers for several months , and broke them in with a combination of different types of music . As far as sound , they produce a very full range sound . Although , the sound lacks in a couple areas , of the high frequency , and more so in the mid-range . My solution was to wire them in parallel , with a pair of Polk R10s , which took care of most of the issues.The whole setup is run by a Kenwood receiver , which with the speakers wired in parallel , provides 200Watts per channel , at 4 Ohms .
 i Bought these speakers a couple of months ago and when i hooked them up to my reciever i wasnt too happy about the bass , sounded not that good so one day i got bored and decided to hook them to my 500watt surround sound reciever , GOD DAMN these speakers made the floor vibrate i now have these speakers on 2x4 facing the floor -LRB- i use them as down firing subs -RRB- and you can feel the bass , these things kick and they kick hard all u need is a good reciver to give them the power they need .
 I hooked this speakers up with a realistic 50 watt stereo and it was overwhelming me with how good they were -LRB- they were better then the stereo -RRB- I give this 5 stars .
 Beautiful sound , great power . I am very pleased with these speakers . Be sure to verify with Amazon.com the shipping method and details regarding shipping . My speakers we left at my address in a severely damaged box that was taped together . The speakers did have some scratches on them , though they worked beautifully . Amazon worked with me on a refund / discount or they were willing to replace .
 Hi , I was looking all around on the net looking for big speakers and when I saw these I went nuts , I wanted these really bad but when I saw that I ca n't get them because I live in Canada . Could you tell me when you can ship these speakers to Canada please thank you .
 First , let me say that these are FAR from the best speaker on the market . However , I bought these when I was 15 , working a minimum wage job . Value was very important to me . I now have a much higher quality digital surround sound system , and I sold these to my dad to put with the TV in the basement . For $ 100 a pair , you CAN NOT go wrong with these . The only thing bad about them is the lack of low-end . Do n't get me wrong , with a little power they 'll still pound , but the low extension is a little disappointing for a 12-inch woofer . For music these are EXCELLENT speakers . The clarity of the midrange rivals that of many high-end speakers , and the highs are very crisp , with a broad soundstage . The uppper and mid-bass is extremely tight and accurate . If you 're on a budget , I would definately recommend these speakers .
 I held off buying these speakers because of some of the nasty reviews . Well the reviewer that said they were a piece of junk is wrong . I have an enormous loft studio and I needed a pair of speakers with enough quality and range to allow me entire days of listening to complex and beautiful music . I bought these and am grateful . Not only are they a physical presence , they are gentle giants . The bass is clear the highs sweet and they love classical music as much as I do . I can enjoy my music for hours on end without the headache even more expensive speakers give me , but then I do n't need to wake the dead or impress audiophiles . If you want an great pair of speakers for the sane but low price of this pair . go for it I 'm sorry I waited so long Happy 50 year old music lover
 These speakers are extremely nice!They have good high range and excellent low frequency . The bass is extremely good , and can almost catch up to my subwoofer -LRB- which is very , very nice -RRB- . I was looking for good speakers at a low price . This is the best deal anywhere .
 If you are not looking to buy a speaker that blows you off your seat these are it . I currently have them hooked up to a little sony bookshelf stereo system and they exceeded my expectations they are deffinatly worth the money . I have always bought KLH speakers and I have very picky ears . The highs are perfect mids are good and the bass is a little loose nothing a sub wont fix these are not huge speakers but they get the job done I am very impressed ...
 For $ 50/speaker , I 'm satisfied with these speakers . Raising them off the ground definitely improves the sound . I have mine on small 25 '' high tables , one on each side about 4 feet from my desk chair . Overall , not for a finicky audiophile , could be more lively , and I 'm not sure how far the sound travels clearly , but for a small-medium room and arranged properly , they 're decent , especially considering the price . The Amazon review rips the appearance a bit harshly ; they 're not fancy , but they look fine . I would have given 3.5 stars if it was an option .
 These rather mild speakers surprised me . Their high point is their mid rangeclarity , which equals speakers costingthree times as much . Slightly weak on Bass , but excellent on the high end . Ihighly recommend these speakers .
 Wow ! this is amazing ! so cheap ! These things are better than my friend 's $ 399.00 speakers ! Seriously . So far I have n't heard the slightest bit of distortion at any valume -LRB- although I have n't turned the stereo up all the way , for fear of busting the windows out or something -RRB- . The bass is spectacular . And who says they do n't look good ! I think they look great ! pitch black with a silver logo looks good to me . Also . . they have a 3 '' dynamic cone tweeter , not a 0.8 '' , as is obvious by the photos , and proven when I received them . My suggestion
 i did n't buy my 1230SBs on amazon , but after seeing how much people were banging on them and other klh products , i have to set the record straight . now , unlike most of the other people writing reviews i bought my KLH speakers at BEST BUY . there i had the chance to listen to them alongside comparable speakers by CERWIN VEGA and JBL powered by the same amps and on the same music . sorry to say , but although the cerwin vega and especially the jbl speakers cost 100s of dollars more , i thought the KLH speakers sounded better . no i do n't have hearing problems and no i did not have financial limitations , i just enjoyed the klh speakers more . i 've read some reviews where people have said that the bass in these speakers and other large klh speakers and subs was to boomy . i must be either really confused or just crazy because i allways thought people bought large speakers so their bass would boom boom boom . is n't that what bass is ?? boom boom boom , because if its not then why do companies make big speakers ?? if people do n't like bass that sounds like bass then who got the idea to make 12s ,15 s and 18s ?? i 'm not crazy or confused , bass is supposed to make the walls shake and the earth quake , and if you do n't like boom boom boom in your living room then you should n't be buying large speakers , especially not KLH speakers . take it from me . i 've listened to these speakers side by side with others like CERWIN VEGA and JBL and for the buck and especially the boom ... these speakers blow the others out of the room !!!!!!!
 These speakers ca n't be beat for the price ! The lows , mids , and highs all come thru with nice clarity . I use these in my living room for DVD 's , CD 's and the TV cable signal audio . I 'd recommendthese speakers for anyone looking for good quality sound at a low price . Nice job KLH !!!!
 I thought I was ordering a battery re-charger , but this is a battery that is solely used on A/C -LRB- must be plugged in -RRB- . The cord is long enough and while I still need the charger , this is a great item to have on-hand .
 If you are looking for a set top dvd recorder , look no further than the E95-HS . Feature packed , this recorder has nearly everything you could ask for , as well as being user friendly.Although there is n't as many editing features as you 'll find on a PC authoring program , this product has everything you 'll need to transfer old Beta , VHS , MiniDV , etc. to DVD . This is a must to preserve memories that are deteriorating day by day.The 160 gig HD is a must . I could n't imagine not having a hard drive of this size . It will store over 36 hours of material on XP , which is my primary recording mode.You can schedule tv programs using the tv guide feature , or by manually selecting the start and stop times . Contrary to popular belief , it is compatible with digital cable boxes.This model features one touch recording and play list editing , which allows you to move chapters in different orders to customize your dvd.I would recommend getting a signal booster for your cable though before recording television , as well as using high quality cables to get the best picture possible .
 I researched these recorders on line for a few weeks before settling on this unit . I 'm not unhappy with my decision . I will say that this is NOT a device for a novice . I 've had some problems with programing , and downloading the TV GUIDE listings to the point I needed to call Cust . Service . After 75 mins on hold , I was helped , and my problems have been solved , but the manuals are not the easiest , so the 75 min hold time was worth the wait . Worth the wait are the total operations of this unit , it 's smooth , fast , versatile and if you buy it correctly , one of the best buys on the market . I gave it 5 stars , EVEN with my start up problems because this IS a great machine !
 It is terrifying reading the reviews on here , but there are no problems with mine -LRB- other than the TV guide silliness -RRB- . Record shows to the HD , then you can edit out commercials etc and burn to DVD-R , which you can finalize to play on other DVD players . We have had ours for 9 months . We have filled the hard drive a few times -LRB- left it recording by mistake -RRB- , divided and shortened scores of recordings , burned about 10 DVD-Rs , taken power hits , no problems.The U99 bugs seems to be fixed and there are websites out there to help fix you box if you need to .
 I bought this unit second hand because Panasonic unfortunately no longer manufactures it . -LRB- I already own a DMR-E85HS and am familiar with its capabilities . -RRB- This particular unit has one flaw
 I bought my DMR e95h a long time ago , from a different source . My wife just leaves the room when I play with my tech toys . Her delicate ears ca n't take the abuse I heap on a unit that wo n't do as it 's told . I expect a lot of my equipment and I have little patience for items that do n't perform as expected . Nothing is perfect and I have had my share of disappointing moments with this DVR , but all-in-all it has been a pretty good unit.Panasonic customer `` service '' can be totally useless at times , but if you try a few times you can usually eventually get someone that actually knows what he is doing . I find this is true of most Customer Service units for most suppliers . About 2 in 10 techs are actually qualified to do their jobs . Panasonic seems no better or worse than the usual . -LRB- wan na see real customer DISservice ... deal with NetGear - jeez !!! -RRB- I AM a bit ticked off about the TVGuide service being blocked by Cox Cable . I wish the unit had a tuner of it 's own along with the IR Blaster that controls the Cable box . I wish I could download the data to an external drive or upgrade to a larger drive . But the unit has performed admirably and reliably for years and when it failed a few calls and emails to Panasonic eventually got it fixed and back on line.It has been well worth the $ 500 I paid for it .
 I have used this machine for about half year . It works great except a couple of time I have to reset the machine because the electricity was out . I just hook it up with Comcast cable -LRB- not cable box -RRB- . If you decide to buy this machine , please make sure to read the instruction several times before you start to set it up with you TV . I agree that the manual is not well written , however once you set it up correctly , it works very well .
 Recordings on DVD seemed like a smart step forward from my trusty but tired JVC Editing deck , which still works fine after some 5 years of daily use . Panasonic E95H looked great with plenty space on the hard disc and loads of features . I studied user reviews -LRB- mostly horror stories users were experiencing -RRB- but I took a chance when venders were selling for less than half price . -LRB- Paid $ 399 . delivered , from J&R . -RRB- WOW ! WHAT A MACHINE ! All that I try works great . I have copied about 50 tapes to DVD-R , even copied a few high rated rental movies , put three TV movie broadway shows on a single DVD-R disc -LRB- over 6 hours ! -RRB- , about 100 TV great movies , even FM Stereo broadcasts . No problems ever . I pray that I stay lucky . Hours of back and forth with the manual , but I had the same problem when I first got my editing VCR . I have not tried all the features available on this machine , but everyting I tried so far works fine -LRB- with the help of the not so great manual which infernally bounces one from page to page , inasmuch as this piece has tremendous brains and capability . -RRB- A close lightening hit `` crashed '' it once but it just rebooted and continued what it was doing without losing anything in memory or the hard disc . In over half a century of buying high end gear , this has been the best deal & the most fun and satisfying . Great pictures & decent digital sound . WOW ! WHAT A MACHINE !
 I 've only had mine for a month now . I wanted to wait 2-3 more months before I submitted my review but I felt earlier reviewer , particularly Kathym , were n't fair . First she says if you manually record something and want to change the time or record speed you ca n't do it . She is right about not being able to change the time , you would actually have to start over -LRB- which is about a 10 second process -RRB- . But you can set it to start up to 99 minute early and stop 99 minutes late -LRB- a must for sports incase of overtime -RRB- . And you can definately change the record speed . You just have to go the the schedule tab of the TV guide menu and select which scheduled recording you want to edit , which I do n't think Kathym knew . She also complained about how she has to hit the down arrow each time she wants to go down the list as opposed to just scrolling through the list . I 'm sure she did n't realize that the channel up/down pages through the lists . I timed myself and got to the end of the `` m 's '' in about 7 seconds . I know there has been a problem with back to back recording , but I believe there has been a firmware fix for that . I have n't had any trouble with that , maybe my unit already had the update -LRB- purchased open boxed from Fry 's -RRB- . One thing that Kathym mentioned that drives me nuts is when going through shows currently showing you ca n't get the thumbnail screenshot to stay on one channel . Thats the one thing I would change on the unit if I could . Stability on this unit seems to be hit or miss . Either people have major trouble or have no trouble at all . I 've have n't had any trouble with that aspect on my machine . One last thing I 'd like to mention is when I hook it up with component cables colors are a lot more vibrant the if I just plugged the cable into the TV directly . I highly recommend this machine to everyone , unless I start getting U99 errors . If I do I 'll update this review .
 I got this beast of a DVD Recorder for Christmas and I am completely satisfied . I previously owned a Toshiba DVD Recorder without a Hard Drive but it took very little time to figure out how to use the advance features the DMRE95H has . All you need to do is look in the manual for what you are trying to do and follow the instructions . After doing this 1 or 2 times you will know exactly how to use it.The 160 GB Hard Drive is awesome . You can simply hit the Record button and it will record the show you are watching or you can use the TV Guide feature.Don ' t hesitate to buy this recorder !
 Well I have had this unit now for almost a year and I love it ! I did have some problems with the TV guide for a while but it has been working great lately . The HDD stores many hours of programs and burns them onto DVD - R and DVD - RAM discs that turn out great . I burn a lot of material for my classes to show in school . Yes you do have to study the manual for a while to learn all the features but once you get it its pretty easy . Lets face it , any new device these days take a while to figure out . So far I have not had any of the problems faced by other reviewers , so I 'll keep my fingers crossed and keep enjoying this unit .
 Like many , I 've found the transition from LPs to CDs did n't solve the space requirements of music storage . CD jewel boxes are n't as tall as LP 's , but they 're thicker . Stored spine-out on shelves , they absorb a surprising amount of wall space . Stored spine-up in drawers , they grow heavy in aggregate , and require rugged cabinets with industrial-strength roller suspension . Even worse , jewel boxes are a fragile container , and I 've found myself replacing cracked and broken parts on a regular basis.Some collectors have chosen to rip their CDs and store the physical artifacts in the basement , but this leaves the booklets and tray cards out of easy reach . Better would be a storage system that takes less space , weighs less , and is less fragile.Enter the Jewel Sleeve.The Jewel Sleeve is made of heavy duty vinyl with a compartment lined in non-woven fabric for CD protection . The CD booklet fits into the front-most compartment , the CD in the next , and the tray card -LRB- with the side tabs fully extended -RRB- in the rear . A small pouch at the top provides a space for an index card , laser-printer-ready sheets of which are provided . Fully loaded , a Jewel Sleeve is about 1/3 the thickness of a standard jewel box.Once you 've decanted your CDs into sleeves , you can either store them in one of the chests sold by Jewel Sleeve 's vendor , or you can improvise . I 've stored mine in cardboard bin boxes -LRB- such as the B36 model from Tharco -RRB- , and stored the boxes on inexpensive shelving purchased at a home supply store.The density of this storage system is vastly superior to lining your CDs up on shelves , but it comes at a logistical price
 I ran out of room for my extensive CD collection several years ago and began looking at converting to some sort of compact storage . Realizing that the plastic case takes up a huge amount of room and weighs quite a bit , I looked for some way of discarding this bit of detritus . I looked at moving my discs to notebook like holders . I found a system that would hold the disc and the front booklet - but what about the back liner ? I admit I am obsessive anal completist who does not want to discard any useful bit of the album , so eliminating the back liner -LRB- with the handy listing of tracks -RRB- is impossible.Enter the Jewel Sleveve system . The Jewel Sleeve is a compact storage pouch that has places to hold the CD , the front booklet and the back liner . You can get these sleeves through Amazon , but the company offers various storage methods for the jewel sleeves , one of which is a 3 or 4 drawer chect -LRB- with optional rolling base -RRB- . These 3-drawer chest is about the size of a night stand and holds 1000 CDs . So slick to have 1000 CDs stored in the space of night stand with all documentation right there at your fingertips . The company also makes heavy-duty portable storage chests for transporting your CDs.So now I have 3 chests , 2 are 3-drawer and 1 is 4-drawer . All chests have the rolling base as those chests are extremely heavy and if you need to vacuum or shift the chest it would be impossible without the base . Conversion to the Jewel Sleeve involved the laborious process of disassembling CDs and inserting them into the sleeves . This is a wonderful job for a rainy or snowy night watching TV . Friends are very useful as well . Then throw away -LRB- or donate to the library -RRB- most of the CD cases . Save some as you may need to reconstitute a CD for some reason.Now how about competing products - DiscSox makes a storage system that is slightly smaller in size than the Jewel Sleeve . The DiscSox version loads from the bottom/side while Jewel Sleeve is top loading for the CD . I have purchased DiscSox for two disc sets and found them to be compatible with the Jewel Sleeve system . The bottom loading is not as effective as the top-loading of the Jewel Sleeve - the discs occasionally fall out if not held just so , and the adhesive bond holding the bottom of the case together relaxes , loosening the retention of the CD in the case . But the Discsox sleeves fit into the storage made by the Jewel Sleeve people and theses sleeves provide a means to store 2-disc sets while retaining all CD material . Note
 These are a FANTASTIC idea I hope you go ahead with - you 'll be sooo happy you did!Your discs stay clean and are secure enough not to fall out of the sleeve easily on you . There is room for your cover art -LRB- or booklet -RRB- and for the back piece of the CD info -- and it 's a little tight , but if you have a 2 CD set , both CDs will fit into the 1 sleeve with your artwork.The amount of storage space you save by using these sleeves is INCREDIBLE ! And once you put your CDs into these sleeves , there are so many options for how to store them attractively -LRB- or just practically -RRB- . I am in the process of moving to a smaller place and now I need much fewer boxes to move my CDs in , and much less space in the new place to store them . I 'm sooo happy I found these , and very pleased with this product . I highly recommend them !! ============= BTW
 I 've been ordering Jewelsleeves for about 10 years and I am always happy with the product and service . I have custom CD shelves that can hold thousands of CDs , but my collection is so extensive that I found myself having to pull discs out and put them in storage in order to accomodate new discs . With Jewelsleeves , I 'm able to have close to 4 times the number of CDs in these easily-accessible shelves . They were a game-changer for me !
 These are the best things that I have found to protect and reduce the space taken up by CD 's . They are expensive but worth it . The quality is excellent and they handle all of the documentation that comes with a cd .
 I 've transitioned to the jewel sleeves several years ago , and I find the sleeves to be very well made , and compact.The one problem I have is finding something to store them in other than the storage chests the manufacturer sells . In my opinion , while they look well made , they are quite expensive . If anyone has found a less expensive storage solution for Jewel Sleeves that features drawers rather than shelves , I 'd be interested to hear about it .
 The H205 cover fits and complements the mini-enclosure and modules perfectly and is well-priced -LRB- at Amazon -RRB- . It 's a fairly heavy duty cover and will protect protect things well in a more exposed environment . If needed primarily for cosmetic reasons , where it would n't get hit or bumped , a lighter-weight -LRB- i.e. , plastic-type -RRB- cover would do the trick .
 This is my second time purchasing this product . My first purchase was almost five years ago and I while my first one is tattered from literally daily use . It still dose the job . I had no issue in purchasing another because I know it works . It also saves my MacBook from all sorts of physical abuse going in and out of my bag and just general travel . In some ways this product will extend the life of your laptop because it will keep it looking like new even long after its not .
 This is a great thin sleeve . I 've had it for over a year and it 's still looks like new . No tears . Great build quality and great material .
 The Verbatim DataLifePlus discs have `` AZO '' dye in them , which provides a more durable , robust recordable disc than cheaper media . You can tell if a disc has AZO dye by the darker bluish color of the write surface as opposed to the pale green color of cheaper discs.Cheaper discs are more prone to burning errors , and will probably not last as long as discs like these . Verbatim DataLifePlus , or ones marked has having `` AZO '' or `` Super AZO '' dye just ca n't be beat if you want to archive or back up critical data that you ca n't afford to lose.I know this sounds like an advertisement , but I 'm not the only one that feels this way . Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- for some great guides and insights about blank media.Of course Taiyo Yuden/JVC is another great brand .
 These are a great value for you buck . No problems burning discs , had lots of problems with Sony discs recently and made a switch .
 These discs performed very well . I use them at churches to duplicate sermons for shutin 's . I print the label and then run them through a disc duplicator . I have had `` 0 '' failures with this brand .
 I bought the AM411T version of this product , which has 1280x1024 photo resolution . However , everything I say below applies to this microscope too.This really is the digital microscope many of us have been waiting for . It connects to a USB 2.0 port and pipes the images to your PC screen , allowing you to capture video and still-photographs of your subject . It 's hand-held , which makes it versatile . The practical usable range is between 50 and 200 times magnification , which is good for general purposes.You can put it against any surface that you can get into focal distance -LRB- which can be tricky without a proper stand -RRB- . Focal distance is within ~ 1 '' at the highest magnification . You can look at skin , eyes , hair , dust , coins , photos , lithographs , circuit boards , wood , paper , plastic , metal , dust , lint , insects , etc. . Anything you can think of . The world that opens up to you at this scale is really amazing . It causes you to look at things in a whole new way.You can also attach it to a stand , which can be bought separately . This allows you to steady the camera for really sharp still-photo captures , and zoom in tight on very small subjects . You can also use this camera as a basic webcam , though you do have to adjust the focus -LRB- magnification ? -RRB- , as it does not auto-focus . The software that comes with it for adjusting settings and capturing images is surprisingly good . It also has a rim of LEDs around the objective lens , illuminating your subject if the ambient light is insufficient.For people who want to look at cells and things really at a super-microscopic scale -LRB- basically at 500-1000x resolution -RRB- , this is not quite capable of doing that , of being used in scientific purposes . This is really a more general-purpose microscope . As that , it 's pretty fantastic .
 I bought this about two weeks ago for work and it has quickly become an invaluable tool . We use it to inspect parts that customers send to us for inspection , looking for cracks and other types of defects . We manufacture our own equipment and our engineering department has used it to look at circuit boards , it is a real time saver . With the software we are able to take pictures and video to show our customers what we found and share it real time over web meetings.The software is simple to set up and use . The measurement fucntion is very useful and it even comes with a calibration scale . I bought the flexible standDino-Lite Digital Microscope Standso that we could use it to inspect large parts for defects -LRB- think mini-basketball size -RRB- . I am sure we will find many more uses with this as time goes on .
 We use a Dino-Lite at work with measurement capability -LRB- this same model -RRB- . I just bought this one for home , and already have several uses for it in diagnosing mechanical failures , machining defects , and just like I use it for at work , measuring dimensions , angles , etc. . I 'm sure it will be fun for looking at bugs , etc. , too , but I primarily plan to use it for detailed mechanical inspection , and it is perfect to be able to take pictures and e-mail them to friends or clients.With the manual focus it is a bit tough to get repeatability without a well planned setup , but it is easy enough to do with some effort . My first setup resulted in a .001 '' repeatability but took a little bit of effort to get right.The onboard LEDs are great for almost all conditions , and if you set up the image well by providing some contrast -LRB- fingers holding a part work well -RRB- , you can get very clear images.Additionally , it is easy to make pictures , but mor importantly , a video to show defects as you rotate the part and get lighting on different areas that are difficult or impossible to understand with a few pictures.So , in summary , I bought one of these because I use one at work , and bought my dad one , as well . Highly recommended !
 I used three of these clamps to attach my H-Lift Jack to the rack on my 4x4 . I painted them flat black , and used wing nuts to secure the jack to the bolts .
 Hard drive mounted right into my PC case with this without any problems . Recommend getting one if you add a 2nd hard drive .
 Item delivered in timely fashion and fit perfectly . Saved me time trying to find this simple part to add on an additional hardrive to my desktop .
 I started out thinking I was still a year away from affording a new digital camera with the features I wanted . I decided to hold out for a zoom lens and at least 1024 x 768 resolution , or wait . After a lot of research , I knew I wanted an Olympus , because of their excellent optics and their camera-first , digital-device-second approach , and because my Olympus 35mm point-and-shoot had served me well.I thought my best deal would be on a used or discontinued model ; however , because the original price of the 500L , 600L , and 400Z had been so high -LRB- in the $ 800-1200 range -RRB- , the asking prices for these had not come down as much as I 'd hoped , and what I had to be willing to pay had crept up as I shopped . When I saw what the 450Z was going for , I whipped out my credit card . Now that I 've played around with it for a few weeks , I ca n't imagine there 's a better digital camera for the money right now . I 've compared with a couple of friends that have Nikon CoolPix cameras , and I suppose there 's something that 's better about them , but I ca n't honestly tell you what that would be , and the Nikon is twice the money!The 450Z is an improved version of the well-received 400Z , but at a radically lower street price . Some of this is due to the packaging -- the 450Z leaves out the FlashPath floppy adapter -LRB- typically $ 70-90 alone -RRB- that was standard in the 400Z -- but clearly the manufacturing costs are coming down rapidly.This camera performs incredibly well on the bottom-line measurement
 Purchased the 450Z after a lot of research , have had it for a couple months now and absolutely LOVE it . Agree with other comments on slow -LRB- frustrating -RRB- D/L speed using the serial cable , and definitely recommend the FlashPath reader . Before you jump to buy a cheaper camera , take into consideration the features that the 450Z offers that , even if you 're a novice , you 'll probably not want to live without , i.e. , optical zoom , 8MB memory card included , and photo settings usually found only on high-end cameras -LRB- overcast conditions , fluorescent lighting , etc. -RRB- One of the best features I used this week was the ability to take great photos of my newborn grandson on the delivery table with the flash OFF ! Auto shutter-speed compensated for the flash off and produced extraordinary photos ! All digicams are battery hogs , but I was able to take about 120 photos -LRB- med res -RRB- before replacing them -LRB- I rarely use the LCD monitor , and never use battery power for D/L ` ing pics -RRB- . You MUST read the manual from cover to cover before using the camera for the first time , but now I only refer to it when using a setting I do n't normally use . AC/DC port is not standard and I was forced to get a converter from Radio Shack that has several different adapter plugs -LRB- cheap -RRB- . PhotoShop Home Deluxe s/w included , but BEWARE -- make sure your PC video card drivers are up-to-date . Go to your PC-makers website and D/L the latest updates before installing this s/w . I had major conflicts with the video drivers req 'd by PhotoShop and the 18-month old drivers on my Gateway . All in all , I am extremely satisfied with the 450Z . The only improvements I 'd recommend to Olympus is replacing the serial D/L connection with a USB compatible one , making the camera a little more user-friendly so the manual is not so indispensable , changing the AC/DC input to something more standard , and include a FlashPath adapter with the camera . Unless you abhor reading manuals and instructions , you wo n't go wrong with this camera .
 I am one who always jumps into new tech stuff during the first or second wave . I have been holding off on a digital camera purchase for more of a value reason than anything else . When I saw this camera loaded with features combined with my experience with Olympus , I knew I was time to buy . I was still slightly fearful that the process from taking shot to downloading it to my harddrive would be cumbersome ; however , this was not true.The software that comes with this camera is powerful yet straight foward and easy to use . The images are great and a lot of fun to have instantly . IT WORKS JUST LIKE A GOOD AUTO FOCUS 35MM . Cons
 I bought this camera because my wife was tired of scanning pictures for online auctions . When I saw how good the pictures were , and how well they printed on an HP PhotoSmart printer -LRB- even the 640x480 as an 8x10 was beautiful ! -RRB- I realized I had a great match ! Get NiMH batteries , for sure , but you can use it without the screen and save power . Also , Olympus sells -LRB- and you can get it here at Amazon -RRB- a PCMCIA adapter for the SmartMedia cards , which pretends to be a spare hard drive . Cool ! Get the 16 or 32 MB Card if you take lots of pics , but at lowest res I get 240 + pics on a 16MB chip .
 I am very pleased with this camera . I purchased it because itis more like a `` real '' camera than other digicams I haveseen . I like being able to choose `` film speeds '' and aperature settings as on a 35 mm . This is my first digital camera , so it took a couple days to get used to all the controls . However , the camera takes great pictures on fully-automatic mode , so you can start taking snapshots right away . I also found that pictures in daylight turn out much sharper than night-time flash photos . Maybe I just need more practice with the flash settings.I would recommend rechargeable batteries -LRB- I purchased the less-expensive Kodak NiMH batteries instead of the Olympus brand -RRB- . I would also highly recommend a USB SmartMedia card reader -LRB- if you have a Mac or Windows 98 -RRB- . I bought a Fuji USB reader , and it makes transferring your photos to your PC a snap . It was easy to install , and it appears as a removable drive in Windows Explorer . So I just use Explorer to cut and paste from the card to my hard drive.The software is also pretty good . The panorama stitching software looks pretty cool , but I have yet to test it out . `` Every time you close the lens cover , it hits the lens . '' Not so . You close the lens cover to the half-way point , the lens will retract , and then you fully close the cover . Second , `` You have to turn the camera off in order to preview your pictures on the LCD . '' Again , not true . You can leave the lens cover open , and `` double-click '' on the display button . This allows you to preview your pics on the LCD .
 In a previous review I stated we purchased this camera before Christmas and had excellent results . We used only the automatic setting and it produced outstanding results without flash . This has turned into an outstanding camera for my wife , who refused to focus a 35mm . Since initial use we continue to be impressed with the features and flexibility this camera gives us . We have been able to produce great shots , and with the ability to edit , enlarge etc.Several observations and comments : This camera will eat batteries . We purchased nicad rechargeable , and are getting similar life compared to Alkaline . Save some money here.Purchase additional smart cards , -LRB- memory -RRB- . We purchased two additional 16MB and have found that SHQ is the only way to go . You ca n't improve the quality once a picture is taken , but you sure can regret a poor quality photo.We purchased Flashpath , and really do n't use it . We found that the serial download is adequate . NO , YOU WO N'T BE ABLE TO VIEW IN 5 MINUTES , but how many times will you need to ? A 16 MB -LRB- full of SHQ -RRB- takes 15-20 minutes to download . I set it up , leave it and come back . We are blessed with extra drive space and have started designating a separate file for each photo set . You can do this with Windows Explorer before downloading . You can delete the ones you do n't like , and by naming the sub files you create make it easy to locate and use pictures later.We purchased Microsoft picture it 4.0 . For most purposes we find it much easier to use than Adobe , and for the price very useful.To sum up , my wife originally told me , '' you take the pictures , I 'll just tell you which ones I want you to print '' , BOY HAS THIS CHANGED . The camera and software are so easy to use that she is taking pictures , downloading , editing , printing , AND TRANSMITTING FILES OVER THE INTERNET . She was telling a friend about an item she saw in a newspaper ad , She took a picture of the AD , downloaded the picture , and sent it , all in less than 5 minutes . We have only touched the surface of what we can accomplish with this camera . WE WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE WHO WHATS GOOD PHOTOS WITHOUT HAVING TO WORK AT IT !
 I joined the digital parade after an agonizing 6 months of comparison and indecision . I liked the Sony Mavica features , especially the floppy disk method of storing images . I 've used my work 's Mavica 91 and loved its simplicity and great ability to take indoor pictures without a flash . I also loved the rechargeable ` smart ' battery which Sony sells with its product ; it actually tells you how much time you have remaining before a battery change is required . It could also do short MPEG motion pictures - with sound . The big negative
 I too had held off on digital cameras . I shoot mostly slides , adore my zoom and macro lenses and expect a lot from my images . I was looking at the high end prosumer Olympus -LRB- C2000 -RRB- and Nikon -LRB- 950 -RRB- . Drooling is more like it . Then I started reading reviews of the D450Z on www.imaging-resource.com and others . Sounded like a near perfect compromise . While the images wo n't stand up to extreme enlargement , how often do we really do that with our pictures . I got the camera a couple days before heading out on a trip and was delighted with how easy it was to carry and use . No more rolls of film to manage . The images were sharp , good color balance and I took night time images , hand held , without flash that would stand up against commercial postcards . The zoom is n't as long as I 'd like but you ca n't expect that of a point and shoot . Get an extra smartmedia card , NIMH batteries -LRB- though I did 56 pics on just over one set of batteries - with the LCD on -RRB- . Olympus ' new Smartmedia reader rocks . Downloads become a matter of seconds . I could n't expect more from this camera . I 'll still keep my SLR for those National Geographic trips but it might be just a matter of time before it 'll be replaced too . I guess I 'd better get busy digitizing all those slides .
 As so many others have noted , this is a GREAT camera for the money . It 's loaded with features seen only on more expensive digital cameras -LRB- changeable ISO values , great low light capability , a true optical zoom lens with the ability to add 2X digital zoom on top ... I could go on and on about the * pros * ... there are so many!Here are the * cons * I 've picked up so far :1 . Camera does eats its four AA alkaline batteries quickly , especially if you use the LCD a lot . THE FIX
 Great camera for under $ 500 range . Takes about 30 mins . to figure out all the features and functions . Could have been shorter if manual was easier to read , they combine all 3 lang on all the pages . Get yourself some NI-MH recarchable batteries , they will last you 150-200 shots . Also , get a 32meg SM card -LRB- olympus brand if you can find them -RRB- and a SmartCard USB reader for faster transfers to your PC .
 I love the camera . It is so easy to use.This is my first digital camera and within one hour after opening the box I was shooting with it and E-mailing the photos to my friends.I now carry it with me everywhere I go.Because I do n't have to worry about film anymore .
 Bought this camera thinking that I could find the other parts that go with easily but I am still okking for some of the parts and the memory card . It is taking more time to find the accessories than I excpected but will eventually have all the parts I need .
 I 've had this camera for nearly 4 yaers and it is as good as new . Easy to use with all the features you will ever need - great picture quality after over a thousand pictures . If this camera ever dies , I will surely buy another Olympus .
 This camera is simply awesome . Take it from me , I 'm no stranger to digital photography . I was using my Sharp digital camcorder to take digital still pictures but I was not very impressed with the results . Moreover , a camcorder is too bulky to haul around . So I decided to go with a smaller camera . I did a lot of research before settling on the D-450 camera from Olympus.It is feature rich , looks very cute , and delivers pictures with a punch . It works effortlessly on my Windows XP . My favorite feature is the 3X optical zoom -LRB- digital zooms are generally useless -RRB- . The LCD screen is crisp and clear , although it 's use should be limited to preserve battery life -LRB- Use the LCD only to review already taken shots . Do not use it for taking pictures - use the viewfinder -RRB- . The video output works great . I could go on and on . It 's comnpatible with SmartMedia which , in my humble opinion , is the better storage medium.Overall , I am quite impressed with the D-450 Zoom . It 's simply a wonderful camera . I would n't expect less from Olympus . Regarding complaints about lack of a USB port for downloading
 We purchased this just before Christmas . We have found the camera extremely easy to use , and produces excellent results . Great for general family use .
 I have owned 12 Olympus cameras ; all 35mm , and presently own two . In my mind , it is as fine a camera as money can buy . When I can afford a digital camera to use in my real estate office , it will be an Olympus , and preferably the D-450 Zoom . Realtor - Since 1945 -LRB- 54 Years -RRB-
 A couple things
 I have enjoyed the versatility of the D-450Z , a first venture into digital cameras - a lot more fun and fast than freeze frames from 8mm . My only challenge was downloading the pics . Oh man that serial port is slow through the two software titles Olympus ships with the camera , but I made a discovery . Click on your camera in the file tree of Windows Explorer . The preview of your pictures comes up fast . Copy to the folder you wish , name the files , and then use the Camedia software to edit the pictures . Very cool . A must buy !
 This is an excellent , well-designed product that you wo n't want to leave at home no matter where you go . Picture quality is excellent and with a SmartMedia adapter to make transferring pictures to your PC easy , you wo n't miss the old tradition of developing film . Despite some opinions , battery life for this camera is good compared to others I 've used . A charger would be a good investment , though . All in all , the ease of a point-and-shoot with professional features tastefully integrated -- a tough camera to beat .
 Run and buy this camera . I received this a xmas present , and have not stopped telling people about this amazing product . My mom , who is not very techy , loved taking pictures and found it very easy to use , but left the processing to me . The 3x Optical Zoom gives you great close-ups . The camera is very easy to use , once you figure out the menus . the flash is very powerful , can make a dark room at night look like a daytime picture . The video-out allows you to give friends and family a slide show of your favorite pictures . Color is superior to any other camera I have seen . I took pictures and printed on Epson 740 with Epson Photo Paper , my mom was amazed , she thought I had got my pictures developed at the store . The photo quality was fantastic . Buy a film reader , buy rechargeables and buy a 32mb smartmedia card -LRB- Holds 146 HQ Pictures -RRB- . The included software is wonderful , went onto Win98 without any trouble . The software allows you to change backgrounds , really do amazing things with your pictures . I am really impressed with this product . The only drawback is the batteries it eats . -LRB- 20 batteries in 8 days -RRB-
 Bang for buck , this is THE best and most versatile all around digital camera to get . I recommend that you buy 8 NiMH batteries and a charger . The supplied alkaline batteries are just to get you started . I also recommend a 16 or 32 MB memory card if you intend to use this camera while disk adapter . It does come with a serial cable for PC and Mac as well as a video cable for viewing on your TV.For turning your digital photos into real prints , I 've had good luck with EZ Prints -LRB- www.ezprints.com -RRB- . You use their free software to send them your photos and your prints arrive in the mail . This overcomes the last drawback of digital cameras . There may be other similar services that do this so shop around for the best picture you just took , just double-click the ` screen ' button . This way you wo n't have to close the camera to switch modes .
 Wife bought camera for gift . Owners manual suggest using AC adapter to download pictures to PC . Ca n't find the Adapter . No internet site advertises and no store front carries it . Ca n't buy it on Olympus site , no option to do so . I do n't want the floppy adapter . AC adapter is more suitable for me.Other wise , this is camera is the best . Would give 5 stars if adapter was available .
 I purchased this camera after reading the reviews and have not been disappointed . This camera is light and small enough and has all the functionality you would want -LRB- except if you 're a professional photographer -RRB- . Once you get familiar with the icons , the camera is pretty staright-forward . And if you 're looking to buy rechargable batteries along with this camera , do not buy the Olympus ones . I bought the Kodak recharagble batteries and charger and they work fine . Another tip , get the PCMCIA card for faster uploads if you have the slot and get the Delkin Devices one , it is cheaper yet just as good . I saved myself quite a bit of money this way.I also purchased an additonal 16 Mb NewMedia film card but you can buy other brands for cheaper . All you 'll have to do is format the card and it 'll work fine with this camera .
 I agree with most of the comments posted but I use the serial cable and it is the slowest method but not that slow -LRB- less than two minutes for a 8 meg card -RRB- . The Adobe software is very cumbersome to use . I just want to download and print the pictures I need . I found copying the image to Microsoft Word the easiest method . The camera itself is easy to use , just slide open the lens cover and point and click . Use good , glossy , photo paper and the digital photographs look almost the same a normal picture .
 Purchased this camera just before Christmas . Did not have time to read the owner 's manual . The Christmas photos came out looking great . With a little more time under my belt . I read the owner 's manual . Yesterday I took the camera to NYC for a family outing . The photo 's looked fantastic . The ability to control the metering between spot and average really saved some of the strong backlight shots . The night photos with no flash ... excellent quaity . I ca n't wait to print them to see just how good the resloution is .
 I have been shoping for a digital camera and this one seemed to be the best one for the money.You will not find one any cheeper in stores , that is near me.I like to point out some fetures that the beginner user that I am , figured out.The zoom is quick to respond , you can take 122 pictures but the clearity of the print is n't great , you have to select 36 pics.It takes 4 AA batterys , and eats them up in no time.I recomend buying the recharable pack , also get the a \ c adapter , it takes some time to download pictures to the pc.The software that came with the camara really supports the process , it 's great!you can put your pictures on greeting cards , calenders , ect.I love the camara , still leaning how to use it , you will have to spend 2-3 hundred more to get something better
 The overall quality and performance of the camera is very good . Images produced at the SHQ -LRB- super high quality -RRB- setting are of higher quality than those produced with most conventional cameras . I am happy with my purchase and would recommend it to others .
 I love this camera i feel like it has changed the way i look at digital photography . I recieved the camera and it was broken but theres always something . That was taken care of in no time . I read the never ending novel of a manual and was shortly after I was having fun and taking photo quality images this camera is for everyone it is easy to use and gives professional results . there is a feature for every thing zoom , macro lenz , five flashes , rapid shooting and more this camera is a great value its equivliant in other brands is twice the cost . Serial port downloads are quick and high in quality I reccomend that you do not waste money on a floppy adapter or usb downloader unless you use a imac , G3 , or G4 . Software bundle is a great collection and has everything you need . Im glad I went with Olympus .
 This camera is a lot of fun ! It 's my first digital camera and I found it easy to get started taking pics . You do need to read the instruction manual if you want to do more than just basic picture taking . But in just a few minutes you can get going . Definitely get the flashpath adapter -LRB- it 'll save a lot of time downloading pics to your PC -RRB- . The panaramic `` stitching '' program that comes with it is really cool .
 Get a 32MB Smartmedia card and you will not need anything else . That stores about 150 high res pictures .
 I received this camera for Christmas . It has made many wonderful pix to date . Love it . I would reccomend it to anyone . Great features and optical zoom that gets you in close . Download time slow . Needs a USB plug . Optional .
 Just picked up my oly yesterday and already have taken about a dozen pics and emailed some and reprinted some . I am a true novice when it comes to cameras so for me to get that far that soon is saying something about this user friendly camera.I also bought the smart media writer which is really cool . Rechargable batteries are a must . Happy so far .
 I bought this camera for my parents for christmas and we have n't owned a camera for 20 years . This up to date , technologically advanced camera is great for the beginner family with an easy to use instruction manual .
 THE D450 IS MY SECOND DIGITAL CAMERA . MY FIRST WAS THE D200L WHICH I STILL USE IS NOW 4 YEARS OLD . I ALMOST BOUGHT THE C2000Z UNTIL I SAW THE 450 , UNLESS YOU ARE SHOOTING PICS FROM 300 FEET AWAY WHO NEEDS A 2 MEGAPIXLE CAMERA OR THE GIANT FILE THAT IT CREATES . THE 3 LANGUAGE MANUAL NEEDS TO GO -LRB- HERE ME OLYMPUS ! -RRB- IF YOU PLAN ON PRINTING PICS , I HAVE AN HP970 WHICH DOES THE BEST JOB I HAVE SEEN ANYWHERE , IF YOU HAVE A XXXXX PRINTER I AM VERY SORRY ... I GAVE AWAY 3 XXXXXX -LRB- A 610 & 2 5000 'S - SLOW IS ONLY GOOD FOR KETCHUP -RRB- GET A USB CARD READER -- VERY FAST -- ONLY WAY TO GO -- & A 32 MB CARD & 3 OR 4 SETS OF NICADS , YES NICADS - MUCH CHEAPER . I AM STILL USING 2 SETS THAT ARE LEFT OVER FROM THE D200 THAT ARE AT LEAST 2 YEARS OLD . I HAVE RECHARGED THE BATTRIES ONCE A WEEK OR MORE FOR OVER 2 YEARS & TAKEN THOUSANDS OF PICTURES WITH THEM . LOOK TO SPEND ABOUT $ 250.00 ON TOP OF THE CAMERA WITH THE BATTS , 32MB CARD & USB READER .
 I got this camera used as a gift from my stepfather , and it has been a love affair ever since . Having never used another digital camera I assumed that most cameras were just as fun . I have since realized that this thing is a gem . It is now 2004 and it is discontinued and seems to be going up in market value . The thing that I love the most about the camera after using other cameras is that it will take the picture when you press the button !!!! That is sooo important ... the child turns to look at the camera and you have the picture ! The other thing I love about it is that I can take night pictures with it . The camera does n't question my judgement ... it will let me shoot in pitch black and then I can take it back to the computer and pull the image out digitally ... . They are selling much fancier cameras now ... but I want another one of these . . -LRB- even though mine is working fine -RRB-
 The RadTech Sleevz is designed for the aesthetic nuts , which most buyers of the macbook pro would be.It does the job described in the product site
 The person complaining about the price should note that this listing is for a five-pack . The price is quite reasonable.I am a software developer . I spend most of my time at a computer keyboard . I have used this keyboard for 7-8 years -LRB- I think that they had just come out when I bought it -RRB- . It has held up well , but a couple of the keys are not as responsive as they should be , and require too much force . I had looked for a replacement , and found the newer , more expensive Microsoft keyboard . It is less than a year old , but I am going to scrap it and get a five-pack of these .
 what a great keyboard . Takes a little time to get the hang of it . I will always use this type of keyboard from now on .
 These keyboards take a little time , not much though , to get the feel , but once you 're comfortable with it , you 'll never go back to the old style . Your typing speed goes up dramatically even if you 're not a real great typist . After you have used this keyboard for a little while , try typing on a regular one and you 'll see just how much better this one really is . Also , these keyboards are more compact and less cumbersome than others that I had looked at .
 I love this keyboard ! Once you get used to it you ca n't go back to the straight keyboard again . These are OEM versions and my boss noticed that they are several inches smaller than the retail version . I do n't mind because I have hands and not paws . Very comfortable for the wrists .
 In short , after a week of listening to two pairs of these tweeters in my crew cab , I 'd have to say I am very pleased with the purchase . I 've always thought that cheap speakers meant cheap sound , but being on a tight budget , I could n't resist -- if they sound like crap , at 75 % off retail I would n't lose any sleep if I tossed them in the bin if they were n't up to my challenge.The blister packaging is what one would expect for budget speakers , but at least nothing was falling all over the place inside . No written instructions , just pictures -- I guess the OEM thought that these were a simple enough that a caveman could do it . However , because one can flush mount , surface mount , or angle mount these puppies , the different pieces challenged me for 5 minutes even with the pictures , but I eventually got them installed . The speaker-level wires and the crossover circuitry surprisingly are already prepared with fool-proof quick-connects and come with silicone insulation that slide over the connection -- very nice . The wires themselves are somewhat small -- 22-gauge , if my memory serves me well.After paralleling these with some 6.5 s and 5.25 s , I was very pleased at how these tweeters performed . Right now , I 've got these powered close to their mathematical RMS and they are easily handling the power like a 6 ton jack holding up the back end of an SUV . For me it seems that the more volume you crank the better I hear how well these speakers can actually perform . I think they are successfully providing that additional top-end of sound stage that I was trying to achieve in my vehicle . The actual creation of tone color was unanticipated and the reproduction of the content is n't too tinny nor tiny . High hats and the like are easily brightened and voices -LRB- especially female singers -RRB- are sharp yet silky . Note that because these are reproducing the high end of the frequency spectrum , location and directionality is key and one has to aim them at the sweet spot . The two I installed in the factory locations at the top of my front doors firing at each other are n't perceived as well as the ones that I custom-installed in the back corners firing into the center of the cabin.I am very sure that higher-priced brand-name tweeters could out-perform these in the technical arena , but if you are like me -- on a budget and need that extra something up top -- these wo n't disappoint .
 This battery is an excellent replacement for a Compaq EVO N610C because is has 4400 mA power rather than 4200 mA from original battery , so I suppose it may last a little bit longer . It also has an internal feature that shows actual charge state pushing a micro switch on back just like the original one .
 This camera has far exceeded my expectations . I bought this little gem right before I decided to get out of New York and take a break in Maine during fall foliage -LRB- my digital had been stolen a few months prior , and I did n't want to spend another $ 500 to replace it -RRB- . I read loads of reviews online , spoke with a couple of friends who are professional photographers , and this was the name that kept recurring - Olympus Stylus Epic Zoom . I took it on faith , and shot 10 rolls of film in one week with one short glance at the manual -LRB- who has time to read the manual ? -RRB- . When I got the pictures developed , they were amazing - I could practically breathe the fresh air . Incredible colors . Everyone I showed the pictures to was as impressed as I was , and I 'm not a professional photographer by any means ! LOVED THIS CAMERA ! I 'd buy it as a gift for anyone !
 Takes great pictures . Survives a drop onto the sidewalk -LRB- dropped from 2 feat from a bench -RRB- . Handles rain no problemo . Still takes great pictures . Small size is great and it 's easy to use . The editor review says battery compartment is hard to open -- It is unintuitive by the arrow direction -LRB- it looks straight -RRB- , but look at the hindges and you 'll figure it out . The viewfinder is tiny , but it works just fine . The camera 's small size lets you get 2-3 extra pictures from a 24 exposure roll becuase you do n't have to roll out the film at all to cross the camera body :-RRB- It is so small that it fits in teh secondary compartment of the camera bag I bought along with it.The zoomer is cool . They say that it is 2.2 x , but a 35mm with no zoom is .45 x , so you are actually getting 4x zoom relative to a non-zoom 35mm wide angle point and shoot . This is the best bet for your money . If you want more zoom , go get a professional camera , but with that much money -LRB- over $ 200 -RRB- , its time to go digital.This is the perfect camera for me going to LA and shooting at the LA Galaxy -LRB- Soccer MLS -RRB- players .
 For the money , this is a great camera . It is very lightweight , very sturdy and durable , -LRB- we took it backpacking -RRB- , and takes great pictures ! Very clear , detailed photos . There are a lot of features you would n't expect for a small camera .
 This camera takes very high quality photographs . I originally bought this camera as a gift , but have subsequently borrowed it and used it for my own trip . I 'm not sure if a cheaper camera could produce such vibrant and high quality pictures , but I seriously question whether a more expensize one would . I was originally concerned that the zoom would not be enough , and I 'll say that the zoom is n't too dramatic , but it is a nice feature . But the quality of indoor , outdoor , landscape , close-up , etc is really quite surprising . The camera has been to Asia and Europe and back , owned for over two years and still produces great pictures . When looking for a camera for myself , it 's difficult to even think of buying an Olympus with more zoom . More zoom may be a trade off for better pictures . How much zoom do you really need ? Lots of features , some I use , others I do n't find useful . Again , the quality is astounding , very durable , no complaints .
 performance from such a small piece of equipment . Since having a kid our travel baggage tripled and I could n't afford to carry my Canon Elan -LRB- great one when I bought in 1993 -RRB- along with my camcoder.I looked around for a small 35mm point & shoot and I decided on Delux edition of this one over Minolta Freedom zoom 125 & 150 because of the price and reviews I read at this site . The delux edition has a more gold look to it and comes with a leather cover , battery , and has a panaromic mode function.Size is a big plus to this one even though the Minolta 's looked more appealing to me . The pictures came great as mentioned in lot of other reviews . The best are the ones I took in the night with ` night scene ' flash mode . One has to be VERY careful not to shake the camera when taking pictures in this mode .
 I 've had this camera for a couple of years and i 've never had any trouble with it . I get consistantly great pictures . This past spring I took it to Europe . The pictures turned out beautiful and many look like postcards . This is a great point & shoot camera and nice compact size . I do n't have the patience or desire to lug around a professional camera and all the lenses and spend time adjusting each shot . I highly recommend this camera !
 After buying the Olympus Stylus Epic Zoom 80 QD CG Camera I was pleased by the results of the picture quality of this slim line camera . Other features like turning on/off flash saved on the battery life . I liked being able to include myself in the shot with the timer delayed option . Red eye reduction worked great . This is a good camera for folks who just like to aim and shoot.Focus and flash is automatic . Red light in view finder tells if your to close , but it does take good close up face shots . Yea , this camera is a keeper . Would buy again .
 I 'm not sure what the bad reviews are about . I have not have any of these problems . I do quite a bit of traveling , so my camera gets beat up quite a bit and I have not had one problem . The pictures are beautiful every time ... crisp ... clear ... and I can not believe the quality I get for a compact camera . This is my second Olympus -LRB- I lost the first one after 5 years -RRB- and I could n't be happier with its performance or ease of use . The only draw back is that the panel does n't light up and adjusting to night time settings in the evening light can be a little tricky , but as an over-all camera ... I love mine !
 Awesome ! That is the word to describe this camera for the price . I found it extremely easy to use and it takes fantastic pictures . I liked all the features and was very surprised at the quality of my first role of film .
 Let me start by saying that I 'm not so hot when it comes to taking good pictures . My mother is a professional photographer , but I did n't inherit that gene . So most of my pictures are out of focus , grainy , or have my thumb in them . -LRB- Sad , I know -RRB- We 've had this camera for 9 months now , and I 've never taken better pictures . It 's super easy to load , to use , the zoom feature is great for everyday use when you 're trying to get a shot of a very active toddler , as is the red eye reduction feature . -LRB- No more possessed looking people in our photos ! -RRB- I 've yet to experience a single problem with this camera , and I 've never had such beautiful sharp pictures before . For me , it 's the holy grail of cameras .
 I gave this camera to my brother . The first roll he developed - amazing pictures . He was very happy and I was glad I made a good choice .
 I hate digital camera as I am clueless on how to use them , but loved my old 33 mm . camera , so I bought this one . So far , so good , but I have not as yet developed any pictures ...
 Great camera , I had one for almost 7 years . Had to get another one when it broke.Very easy to use , great quality .
 About five years ago I bought one of the first Stylus cameras . Worked great . I had one small problem when I damaged the battery door . -LRB- the original door was hard to open -RRB- I bought a new one . I see several small but well thought out refinements . Same great pictures !
 On a recent trip to Nepal to hike the Himalayas , I 'd decided at the last minute to ditch my trusty Olympus SLR in favour of a lighter , less bulky camera . During a stopover in Hong Kong I had purchased the Zoom 80 hoping it 'll come close to getting the results I would get from the SLR . It turned out to be one of the best decision I 'd made on the trip . It was light and fitted into the front pocket of my hiking pants ; it had just enough features that you did n't long for the SLR -LRB- very much -RRB- ; the optics were excellent through the entire zoom range -LRB- with the exception that when you take multi-shot panaramas at full zoom you 'd notice some darkness at the edges -RRB- ; the metering worked well even in bright , snowy conditions and has a cool flash/long shutter exposure feature ; it was extremely rugged -LRB- althought the silver paint scratched off fairly easily -RRB- and it never froze once even when most days were well below freezing -LRB- and the nights much colder -RRB- . The only recommendation I would make is to look at the same model but with the wider 28-80 zoom range .
 I bought this Olympus solely on the strength of the reviews listed on this site and I love it ! I was slightly worried because I did n't have time to test it before taking it on my vacation , but the pictures came back looking incredible . This camera picked up detail that my old one would have missed . It 's also incredibly practical in that it 's compact and does n't need a carrying case . Just hang it around your neck using the cord that comes with the camera and go!The only negative that I would state is that when using the Nightshot feature , you 'll need to hold the camera very still or parts of the picture may come out looking blurry -LRB- usually the background -RRB- . Even with that problem though , my night shots came out looking really good.If you 're looking for a no fuss , quality camera , this is the one for you .
 This camera has style . For everyone who has not had the opportunity to own an Olympus stylus , you are in a for a big treat ! Not only are the controls intuitive , the quality is superb . The pictures that come out seem flawless and even professional . If you need to get a camera , this is it ! Anyone can be a pro , with it . Also this camrea is sleek and small . It also makes people turns heads , and ask what it is . I am very glad I bought my Epic Zoom 80 .
 I 've been using a Ricoh 35mm for the past five years and I loved it . It took crisp , clear pictures and was very durable . However , I dropped it on concrete and it became loopy since then , so I had to bite the bullet and buy another camera.I did A LOT of research and found that the Olympus Stylus Epic Zoom 80 would be the best for my needs in its price range . I 'm not an expert by any means . I 've never used a SLR camera before . I like to point , shoot and move on . I looked at reviews on Amazon and other sites.After much research and price checking , I finally bought the Olymplus -LRB- ... -RRB- . I am quite happy with it . I 've taken a number of pictures in different environments and in different light . However , the first roll of film I had was 800 speed which is sensitive to light and movement . The foreground objects were crisp but the background was a touch blurry . That was the film speed though . My dad and step-mom who are amateur photographers saw some of the pictures I took with the camera and they were impressed . They said that they came out very good and that the background blurriness was indeed because of the film speed.The only thing I do n't like about the camera is that sometimes when I go to take a picture , my middle finger rests on the on/off slide mechanism and I accidentally slide the mechanism and the camera shuts down . It has n't affected any pictures though , because they will take before the camera turns off . I 've learned not to do that anymore though.Other than that , it 's great for me . It 's very light , compact and I like the different modes . Oh , and as for the film loading . I 've never once had a problem loading film and I 've been through several rolls . My husband , on the other hand , who has large hands and is like a bull in a China shop , has problems loading film . So you can guess who 's not allowed to load film anymore.Whoever buys this camera should be very happy with it . I am .
 So far i have taken 9 rolls of film with this camera since december 25 , and the camera works perfectly . sharp lens , well made , and good features . Although if i were shopping for this camera again , i would get the rollei prego 90 for only 30 bucks more . its zoom range is better , and the optics are better , with tons of features . none the less , this camera still isnt that bad
 I bought this camera after my Samsung stopped working after just one year , although I treat my cameras nicely . Three things about this Olympus camera that made me fond of it
 I am a rookie picture-taker . I never really had a use for a camera with a zoom lens . I was always content to use my VERY simple point and shoot . One day , my pictures came out so badly from my simple camera that I decided that I need to get one with a zoom lens . I looked at many brands of cameras , but I never considered the Olympus . Then one of my friends , who knows a lot more than I do about cameras , convinced me to test the Olympus Stylus Epic . I fell instantly in love , and I bought it . That choice has been the best decision I ever made ! I love the small size and sleek design of this camera . I also LOVE all the bells and whistles on it , especially the timer because no one gets left out of the picture . It also takes very good photographs . I recommend this camera for anyone , including camera-challenged people like myself . A great piece of equipment , and the price was very reasonable .
 I received my camera as a Christmas gift from son . I had always complained about my other camera - it was to big , I did n't like carrying it around . This Olympus Stylus is great . It is compact , light weight and most important , it takes wonderful pictures . I take it everywhere -- when my daughter is n't borrowing it . I am thinking about buying her one as a graduation gift to take to college with her . She is always borrowing mine , and I ca n't afford for her to take it off to college with her . I love it .
 This camera is excellent . I bought it with a couple of doubts because of reviews . However , I have been very happy with how my pictures have turned out . They are clear , bright , and fun to look at . Perfect for the point and shoot camera person . : - -RRB-
 I used this camera on a 408 mile hike from Lake Tahoe to Mt Whitney and all my pictures turned out great . On top of that , I passed 2 other people who were unrelated who both claimed to have dropped their Olympus Stylus into streams . They both said that the camera continued working even after being submerged in water briefly.In addition , when I arrived on the summit of Whitney , there were two professional photographers up there who had carried like 50lbs of photography gear . They both said that they owned Olympus Stylus cameras for carrying in their cars and spur-of-the-moment occasions . They said they chose that camera because of the good optics that Olympus makes.We have retired our stylus in favor of a new Olympus Camedia 3040 zoom , but we still use the Stylus when we need two cameras . It still takes good pics .
 I have read the posted comments on the newer Olympus Stylus cameras and it seems that the door mechanism covering the lens is the greatest concern . My 8-year-old camera zoomed to 70 mm and had difficulties only after 6-7 years of use.The motor that raises the flash was the first to go . It has been suggested to me that the alignment of the lens cover may be off , causing the motor that enables the lens to malfunction . Perhaps a tune-up could have prevented this problem , but the fee to look at the camera -LRB- not to fix it -RRB- costs more than a new camera by the same manufacturer and with greater zoom capability.Certainly , this was an excellent camera for 8 years . My pictures have turned out very well , probably due to the great viewfinder -LRB- which captures almost all of the shot -RRB- , a variety of flash options , and whatever lens features make Olympus a favored brand.In my search for a new camera , I have considered Canon and Minolta , which offer well-rated 35-mm zoom cameras at reasonable prices . If I leave Olympus , I will miss the small size , styling , and excellent features . I have not yet made a choice , but I find myself considering whether the tiny lens covers of the other brands will protect those cameras and last any longer than the Olympus . After all , my Olympus Stylus did last longer than expected ...
 i 'd been lookin for a decent bargain on a 35 mm camera with zoom for my vacation . i never had a camera of my own , and never really took pictures -LRB- apart form when a freind asks you to take a picture of them using there camera at some obscure place . . lol -RRB- . . it came down to this and the canon sureshot 85 . . something about this one , however got me hooked . -LRB- i think it was the classy body . . ha ha -RRB- but honestly . . this camera makes me WANT to take pictures . . it 's so simple and such a joy to use . . when i developed my first roll , the attendant asked if i was into photography semi pro or pro , becasue the shots were really excellent -LRB- of course it 's the camera , film and locations . . lol . . -RRB- sure , you 're gon na take some shots that don ; t come out to right . . sure the light may be bad . . but know your limits , and your camera 's . . with the six flash modes , and DX coded film -LRB- to adjust the shutter speed -RRB- . . just read the manual for what flash mode wortks for what situation , and which speed film -LRB- 100,200 , 800 etc -RRB- will work for what type of lighting . . and take lots of pictures . the camera will harldy -LRB- if ever -RRB- let you down
 I know that my husband and I purchased this camera to take pictures of our toddler and baby -LRB- we love the camera -RRB- . We bought it last year , and it has turned out to be our favorite camera , we are going to purchase one for my husband 's parents this year for christmas . It takes very sharp and clear pictures , even at dusk and night . It is very easy to operate and the instructions are easy to read and follow .
 I am pretty pleased with this purchase . The camera is really nice and seems pretty sturdy . My chief complaint though is that it is super slow opening up . Well , it seems really slow . Maybe I am a product of the instant gratification crowd , but it is a little annoying when you have the must take quickly picture opportunity . I guess you just get used to it . Overall , however , I am very happy with this purchase .
 I could not be more thrilled with this camera . I bought it because I was unhappy with pictures of my six-month old that I took with an old camera . I did n't want to spend a lot of money , but I wanted to be able to take quality photos . The photos of my son taken with the Olympus Stylus Epic Zoom 80 are incredible . All the close-ups , both with and without the zoom , are crisp and beautiful . Every shot came out perfectly . It is simply a wonderful camera !
 I am always * amazed * by the high quality of Japanese products . From the design and packaging to help documentation , everything is superbly done . The Zoom 80 is no exception . Small , elegant and of the highest quality for the price . Thoughtful details such as the satisfying click when opening/closing the cover , to the chrome accents embedded below clear plastic and the compact , user friendly design make this a sure winner for any occasion ... oh and it also takes excellent pictures !
 I have looked at dozens of point and shoot cameras for myself as well as friends who wanted to buy , and although I do n't own an Olympus Stylus Epic , there is one thing that is great about the non-zoom model that I wanted to mention , because out of the two dozen or so models I compared , the Olympus was the only one that had an F2 .8 lens . I 'm not sure if the Epic Zoom 80 goes that low , but the fixed focal-length model does . So if you want a compact point and shoot camera with a relatively fast lens , this is about the only way to do it , unless you want to spend about a $ 1000 for a Rollei QZ35W -LRB- which , at 18 oz. , is a tank compared to the Olympus . Of course , the Rollei has that amazing 1/8000th of second shutter speed , probably enough to freeze an airplane propeller , not just a golf swing -RRB- . But getting back to the Olympus , there were a number of models that were F3 .4 or F3 .8 , but the Olympus was the only one at F2 .8 .
 This camera is great . It 's light , compact , and takes great pictures .
 `` Quick delivery ... smooth transaction . Love the camera ! Thanks ! ''
 I bought this camera back in June to take to Europe with me . It was a great investment . 10 years ago , my mom bought an Olympus Stylus . I had always loved the quality , so when it came time to get a small camera of my own , I chose this model . The camera is small and light , so it was great in my backpack . 6 weeks later , it was still going strong , and I really put it through it 's paces . The picture quality is incredible . Day , Night , Action shots , Everything . I had professional photographers ask what i was using . The picutes were that great . I think you will be as satisfied as I have been .
 This camera takes very clear pictures with outstanding quality . In Peru , the quality of shots - both in bright light and at night were outstanding . The only caveat is the fragile nature of the cover lid . After dropping the camera twice , I had to take the cover lid to a repair shop . It 's so expensive to repair -LRB- almost $ 100 -RRB- - the same price as a new camera . If you buy this camera , invest in a protective cover so it can be cushioned during falls ...
 This will be the third review I 've written about this camera which I bought about a year-and-a-half ago.Both of my previous reviews rated this camera a `` 5 '' , as does this one.After at least 100 rolls of film , I 've yet to experience any of the problems mentioned by some other reviewers.Are we all using the same camera ? I have n't found it to be the least bit fragile . I do n't think it will outlast my 20 year old Nikons , but I did n't buy it for that reason.I do n't pamper my cameras , but I do n't abuse them either . I do n't use camera cases other than for storage . Does anyone else find it strange that some of us are raving about this camera while others hate its quality ? Granted , some people take better care of their `` toys '' than others , but I have to question whether Olympus is having some quality control problems with the Epic series.Meanwhile , I plan on using the camera until it falls apart which , in my opinion , will be many years from now .
 Found the camera extremely good for the price . All the photos I have taken till now have turned out fantastic . I am a beginner and it hardly took me time getting used to the camera . I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants a good camera for less .
 Very happy with this camera . We bought it 4 years ago when it first came out , and the fact that it 's still here says a lot ... My wife loves it , and the picture quality is superb . Olympus makes a great camera . We also have a Minolta 35mm SLR , and the pictures from this camera are nearly as good as our big Minolta Maxxum . The best part is the SIZE ... so small we toss it into our baby 's travel bag , and snap pictures everywhere we go . Great battery life too !
 Even with 200 ISO film -LRB- the manual recommends ISO 400 -RRB- , this camera takes very sharp indoor/outdoor pictures with brilliant colors . Have n't tried the 400 film yet , so I 'm eager to try some outdoor evening pictures . However , with the 200 film , this camera still took some excellent night pictures -LRB- using a tripod -RRB- of downtown during Christmas season . Do n't regret buying it one bit , best investment in a long time .
 This is a very cool overall camera ! The zoom is average , but the picture quality is AMAZING !!! I use the cheapest film around and my brother is a camera freak and my camera still takes better pictures than his ! I have had it for 5 years and I LOVE IT !!! If you want a nice camera with great qualityGET IT : &#62; -RRB-
 This is a nice travel/home camera . The body is durable , yet light and fits easily into a breast or cargo pocket . I 've had no problems with the mechanics other than a strange appearance in the lower part of the viewer -- a small piece of something that should probably not be there but does not affect the picture at all . Definately get a strap for it -- the body is a bit slippery , especially in damp/humid environments . No need to send it over the falls . Pictures are clear and sharp . The functions are easy to use with a little review of the instructions .
 About a year ago I reviewed this camera and was crazy about it . I have n't found any reasons to change my mind . If anything , I like it more now than I did then.I just took it along on another vacation -LRB- Cancun , Mexico , this time around -RRB- and it was the perfect choice . This time I also brought one of my Nikons and a few lenses to use for my more `` serious '' photography.Score it 9 rolls of film for the Olympus and 2 for the Nikon . I wo n't say that the Olympus pictures are `` better '' . What I 'll say instead is that since the Olympus was so easy to carry around I found myself doing so more than I would the 10 lbs of Nikon equipment.Again , I 've found that the night flash mode is a beaut . I took a picture of my girlfriend on a pier with the sunset for a background . Using this flashmode , the foreground was filled in perfectly and the background sunset had fantastic color saturation.I 'm still going to use my Nikons as I have for well over 20 years , but maybe not as often.By the way , I 've read a few reviews saying that the Olympus is fragile . I have n't found that to be the case under normal use.Edited 1/13/04
 Since buying this camera a week ago , i have taken some great photos with it . I was quite impressed that I didnt have any pics which were screwed up by flash , lighting or even thumbs . I am a man with good size fingers and hands . I have heard some criticisms about the size of the buttons , nor have i had any trouuble opening the battery case . the battery case is easy for me to open but no t soo easy that my toddlers can open it quickly -LRB- those of us who have them know they can open anything given time -RRB- . Their size -LRB- the buttons -RRB- does not bother me and I have been able to use the full functionality of the camera.This camera takes pretty good photos with vivid color and detail without using any of the fancy modes available . You can literally take the camera out and shoot . One of my faviorite things about this camera is it 's size . I have abandoned the strap and a carrying case which i bought . I instead keep it in my pants pocket wheresoever i may go.this is a great camera for a gift and i have no complaints so far ... I plan to take this camera on vacation to tampa bay and disney . I give it my recommendation.UPDATE
 I would love to be able to use my camera . . It was given to me without instructions . . please help
 This camera came one week after I ordered it . It came with instructions and a strap . The first roll I took I was very satisfied with . I would definetly order from Johnnys again .
 The size and design of this camera make it ideal for what it is designed for . It takes great pictures in light and dark -LRB- though it 's better at outdoor pictures -RRB- and it fits easily into your pocket . It opens quickly with one hand ; no fumbling around with a lens cap . It focuses quickly so you can take a shot from a closed position very quickly.The only thing worth noting is that this is a point and click camera . If you want to control exposure , shutter speed , etc. or play with macro , this is not your camera .
 We purchased this camera to take on a European vacation . It is very easy to use and the pictures , for the most part , turned out well . I only wish I had taken along an old 35mm SLR I 've had for 20 years so I could have used a wider variety of lenses . This camera , for all of its capabilities , did a very good job .
 After seeing some of the negative reviews for this camera , I felt obligated to defend the product based on my personal experience with it.I 've had my camera for over three years -LRB- since summer 1999 -RRB- and have never had a serious complaint about it . In fact , it was given to me as a last-minute gift before my departure for a six month trip to China . I took people shots , landscapes , snapshots of architectural details ... even took photos in the rain a few times and most of them turned out wonderfully.In 2001 , I took this same camera to Italy with even better results . This camera takes very high quality pictures if you pay attention to how the auto-focus and flash function . Those reviewers who could n't get the camera to take pictures were probably attempting to taking photos closer than the minimum focus distance stated in the manual.Nearly early time I have a roll of film developed , friends , family and strangers alike ask me what type of camera I use . I recommend this camera wholeheartedly to those looking for a convenient , lightweight model that takes excellent photos when you do n't have time to fiddle with manual settings.Note
 This camera is the bomb - easy to set up and use , the controls are good , the display does n't light up at night or anything , that was the only drawback I could think of - july 4 at nite , trying to set the correct mode by firework light was not fun . Other than that it works purty good . I like it - the baby has thrown it around a little and pushed it all over the hardwood floors in the house so now it 's a little scratched up , but it still takes pics like a champ . Zoom works good , too .
 I think this camera is great . I 've taken lots of pictures and with the exception of my errors , all the pictures have come out beautifully . I recently went to Hawaii and everyone commented on how the pictures looked like postcards . The photos came out very clear and the colors very crisp . It has lots of options , so it 's very hard to get a bad picture , day or night , closeup or far . Being so compact you can take it anywhere .
 If you are looking for a 35MM point-and-shoot zoom , do n't look any farther than this little beauty . It takes great pictures , the flash is automatic and unobtrusive , and the little extras -LRB- timer , extra flash modes , water resistant , date & time stamp -RRB- just make it better . What I really like about it is its small size . It easily fits into a pocket or comfortably in your hand , so taking quick snapshots is a breeze . No fumbling around in a camera case -LRB- or even removing it from a carrying case -RRB- is necessary ... just open it , point , and click!One note
 The camera is great , but does not come with batteries . Add another $ 10 to the purchase price .
 I 've had only good results with the Stylus . It takes wonderful pics , is very handy to tote around , and takes quite a beating . -LRB- My 1st Stylus was a 35mm model and it resided on an open shelf in a boat for 4 years without misfiring once -RRB- . My only disappointment has been the red-eye reduction , though contact lenses make a real challenge for any direct flash unit I 've seen .
 A manual settings snob I was ... my 20 year-old Minolta had a light leak . Too late to get a repair before a trip to Alaska I bought a point and shoot . I bought this brand because Olympus have glass lenses . But the design is what really sold me
 Wow , what a great little camera . I needed a 35mm to go on vacation , certainly glad I picked this one . Small in size - easy to carry . Easy to load the film . Several different flash modes . Good zoom lens . Tricky on/off method -LRB- you have to slide the case open and closed -RRB- . Self-timer so that you can take pictures that include yourself -LRB- so many of my families earlier pictures did n't include Dad , he was always behind the camera -RRB- . But the best part of the camera is the developed product . I could not and still can not believe how great the pictures came out . I used regular Kodak 200 speed 35mm film , and the prints came out clear , detailed , bright & sharp . When the camera arrived and I saw its size , I had serious doubts that it could take a quality picture , but it definitely does just that .
 I 'm on my second Olympus infin . stylus/epic zoom camera . It takes great pictures , is easy to use , and very compact -LRB- although some of the new APS cameras are smaller now . -RRB- But , not very durable . My first broke -LRB- some gear/gizmo in the retractable lens -RRB- I got it fixed -LRB- for $ 90 ! -RRB- , and it broke again a year later . Silly me - I go shopping for a new camera , and this one wins me over again because of its small size and picture quality . But , here I am , only a year later -LRB- again ! -RRB- and the flash is broken - and it 's another $ 80 repair!I take a lot of pictures -LRB- 3-4 rolls of film a month -RRB- , so maybe the small size/small parts of this camera are not durable enough for that much use . But , if you plan to use less frequently , I 'd recommend . It does take really good pics !
 My mother is a journalist . She has all of that super expensive , super ehavy , Nikon equipment . We both used to think that is what we had to carry around for excellent photographs , but Olympus has changed all that . Of course , you wo n't be able to shoot an Architectural Digest cover photograph with this camera , but what you will be able to do is take quick shots in both light and dark . Where the Olympus camera really excels is in night-time shooting . I take this thing to the nightclubs often and I ca n't believe how accurate the thing is . I have also taken some great action shots of my dog during the day , and they are quite nice . My only complaint is that this is my second Olympus . My first one , quite similar to this model but in black , broke into pieces when I dropped it . My friend had the same happen to her , although it did n't break in half , the flash stopped popping out when needed . A fragile camera , but if you take precautions , you 'll find it a worthy investment .
 Not liking point-and-shoot cameras made it difficult for me to decide to get one for a recent trip overseas . I wanted something light , easy to use , and easy to hide -LRB- so as no to look like an American tourist -RRB- . I decided on this camera because of recommendations by friends , but also took my heavy SLR with me in my carry-on luggage . Then , while abroad I decided to mostly use my little camera due to its size.I never saw the pictures until I got home and had the photos developed -LRB- at a good camera shop -RRB- . Was I thrilled ! They were absolutely great . The colors were bright and true . The details were sharp enough to reproduce by scanner and send as attachments onto emails to my family overseas.The camera itself I often carried hidden in my purse , but it was always ready . The only time I was disappointed in its performance was when I ran out of film ! Of course , that was my fault , not the camera 's . It 's so easy to use . Very often I had others taking pictures of me . Generally all they would ask was which button to push . Even the most inexperienced picture taker came up with terrific shots!I would say that this is an excellent camera for its price . If you get it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I 've used Nikon SLR 's for about 20 years and about two years ago picked up a Stylus Epic DLX as a simple `` carry around '' camera.I fell in love with that little thing and it was stolen a short time later.Went to Miami Beach for a vacation earlier this year and picked up a Zoom 80 a few days before and I never even tried it out.Well , the pictures exceeded my expectations . That night time flash mode is super accurate . I took some shots of the art-deco district in SoBe using this mode and was shocked at the results ! I could n't believe the accuracy of the exposures using Fuji 200 print film.I ca n't say enough about this camera . It 's does n't equal my Nikon lenses for sharpness , but Olympus has nothing to be ashamed of in that department . I 'm sure Olympus ' SLR 's would also come out ahead on sharpness , but sometimes I just do n't feel like carrying 10lbs of equipment around .
 ... I went back to the 35mm format.The Olympus Stylus Epic Zoom80 QD CG Camera is what I wound up buying.This is a competent camera , much like its predecessor but with additional picture taking modes and a zoom lens.The additional picture modes include combinations of flash and timed exposures allowing you to create some neat effects under low light -LRB- night -RRB- conditions.The 38 to 80mm zoom lens is effective in framing shots without a lot of ugly negative space.The camera is weather resistant , which seems to be some extra wiper seals on the lens and a thick gasket on the camera back . This should enhance its longevity , but do n't expect to take it swimming . I 'll let you know about durability in another 8 years.This is n't a replacement for an SLR -LRB- and is n't intended as one -RRB- . The quality of pictures is somewhat less than you would experience with an SLR.But if you are attracted to point-and-shoot cameras and specifically to Olympus for their small size and ergonometric elegance be sure to check this one out . END
 If you are looking for a 35MM point-and-shoot zoom , do n't look any farther than this little beauty . It takes great pictures , the flash is automatic and unobtrusive , and the little extras -LRB- timer , extra flash modes , water resistant , date & time stamp -RRB- just make it better . What I really like about it is its small size . It easily fits into a pocket or comfortably in your hand , so taking quick snapshots is a breeze . No fumbling around in a camera case -LRB- or even removing it from a carrying case -RRB- is necessary ... just open it , point , and click !
 I got this camera for Christmas and its been a blast to take pictures with it ever since . Its small enough to fit into your pocket , but not so small that you feel akward holding it . All the pictures that I have taken come out really nice , the color quality is superb , as is the focusing . Overall , this camera is a great baragain , and is great as a gift .
 I bought the Olympus Stylus Zoom 80 because our family needed a camera that could take close-ups without getting all blurry . At first I was skeptical that such a small camera could really take good pictures close-up . Boy , was I ever wrong ! When I got back my first roll of film I could n't believe the crispness and clarity of the close-up pictures . My wife practically had tears in her eyes when she looked at the pictures . All she could say was `` WOW , we should 've bought this camera a long time ago . '' I could n't agree more.Best of all this camera is a snap to use and has tons of great features . We really like the quartz dating as it comes in handy when creating memory books . We also bought the accessory kit with the remote control and camera case.For the price you ca n't beat it !
 A few weeks before my wife and I were to leave for the United Kingdom , my camera gave up the ghost . It had been a super camera for someone like myself who is not very much of a photographer . Easy to use with very clear and bright pictures . What was I to do ? I had to find another good camera in a hurry.I saw this camera on Amazon and decided to give it a try and I was glad I did . This Olympus camera performed just as well as my old camera and cost several hundred dollars less . The pictures are as sharp and clear as one can possibly get from a point and shoot camera and for most of us , point and shoot is the only real option . The pictures I took of the Scottish highlands and the rest of Scotland and London are great . On top of that , this camera is easy to use , easy to carry , and never seems to let the user down . Quite frankly , I could n't be happier .
 For the buck , Olympus gives you a better lens than any other consumer level camera . I love the shots I 've taken with this camera ... great colour , focus , and sharpness .
 I purchased my Olympus Stylus Epic Zoom 80 in January specifically to take on my vacation to Italy . I did not regret it ! It 's lightweight and very convenient to carry in my purse when not in use . I used 400 speed and I took pictures through the bus windows -LRB- without the flash -RRB- , on cloudy days and even on a boat ride in the afternoon rain and never had a problem . It was quick and easy to learn how to utilize the extra features
 * Takes awesome quality pic 's , digital ca n't compare . * Fell in the ocean in Cabo and did n't work for an hour and started working again . * Batteries last a long time on it . * Built in China , with Japan parts . * last forever .
 This is a great little camera . It 's simple and keeps working !! I gave the camera fair amount of torture -LRB- including keeping it in my glove compartment permanently -RRB- and it still works great.If you want a simple camera but want something better than those fixed-focus things , this is the camera for you.Buy the accessory kit -LRB- one with mini tripod , soft case , remote -RRB- , it 's worth the money .
 This will be my fourth review of the camera which I bought over two years ago.I 'm up to about 150 rolls with no problems and just returned from Las Vegas where it served as my `` carry around '' camera when I did n't feel like lugging a Nikon SLR . All I ever do is change the battery when it dies.Looks to me like nothing 's changed ... some of us love this camera and some of us think it 's made of garbage.All I can say is that I 'm more than satisfied with mine and if it fell apart today I 'd still would feel that I gotten my money 's worth .
 At first I did not want to buy these because they were the pyramid brand , and I hear lots of bad stuff about their products . I just went ahead and bought these to put in my ride , and I was pleased with the results . The sound quality is very good , and when I turn the music all the way up they do n't get distorted because they have built in cross overs and that 's another plus . These speakers are good if you want to add more highs , to your ride so people can hear you coming down the block .
 The Epic QD CG is the Epic model that I bought , with the quartz date imprinting -LRB- which I 've never used -RRB- and the attractive metallic `` champagne gold '' finish that are n't in the base model , but without the `` panoramic '' image-cropping in the more expensive DLX model.The f/2 .8 lens is sharp and bright , and the camera is small enough to carry in my pants pocket . But the feature I like best is the accurate exposure system . The default automatic mode uses fill flash effectively . You can also force the flash off or on , or combine foreground flash with long exposure for night scenes.The flash is bright enough to reach 27 ' with ISO 400 film , and its brightness is automatically reduced to prevent overexposure of subjects as close as 1.1 ' . The flash is close to the lens , so you should use the red-eye-reduction mode when the ambient lighting is dim and your subject 's pupils are dilated . Using this mode , I have never shot a subject with red eyes.If you do n't absolutely need a zoom lens , this is a handy camera that takes great pictures .
 After you do photography for a while you start to understand that all that matters in a camera is the lens . The Olympus Epic had the best lens out of all point-and-shoot cameras -LRB- and most of SLR zoom lenses -RRB- here as of June 2000 . You may ask are there better lenses in P/S cameras ? The answer is yes ; for example Ricoh GR1 has slightly better lens . The price is $ 450 , and it is unavailable in the US . The only P/S camera in Amazon with comparable optics is Lomo Automatic , but it is very strange camera - you have to read the reviews and decide for yourself if you like Lomo . It is much easier and cheaper to construct high quality fixed focal lens than zoom lens which is the reason for high lens quality in Olympus and Lomo . Unfortunately , this creates the only problem I experienced with Epic . Its fixed focal length is 35 mm -LRB- this means that camera has 1.5 larger field of view than human eye , so everything looks 1.5 times smaller than in real life -RRB- which requires moving really close to the object to fill the frame . So , it is not very good for portraits , but excellent for buildings and landscapes . The bottom line
 I purchased an original Olympus Stylus when it was first released in 1990 . Enamored with it 's small size , and rave reviews I plunked down my -LSB- money -RSB- and was off.Fast forward to 1999 - Averaging 2 rolls of film a month for 9 years , my Stylus began to sound a bit tired and was going through batteries at a quick pace . I began to look for a different camera and was certain I would just replace it in kind . However , with more rave reviews , the new Olympus Stylus Epic was released and I made the decision to replace my trusty little camera with the new version.The size of this camera is absolutely wonderful . In the point-and-shoot 35mm category it has been the smallest affordable camera to come down the pike in a long time . It is easy to take with you anywhere , and if having a small , easily tote-able camera will get ANYONE to take pictures , it is well worth it . You do n't take the pictures if you do n't have your camera with you - with this camera , there are no excuses for not having it with you.The pictures I 've taken have been nothing short of fantastic . Always a clear image , colors are rendered appropriately , even spectacularly . The lack of a zoom has never been an issue , here In fact , I purchased a Stylus Zoom thinking it would enable me to take better close-ups , but quickly found out the closer I get to the action myself , without relying on a zoom lens , the better my pictures are . I returned the zoom camera without a regret . -LRB- If you REALLY need to zoom in , odds are you would be better off with an SLR and a real zoom lens , or a telephoto lens - we have those too - the size of this camera is much more practical ! -RRB- We 've given two or three of these as gifts to family members and have a number of extended family members who have purchased this camera based on it 's size , and the fantastic pictures we 've happily passed around . Everyone is thrilled!I do n't think you will be disappointed should you decide to chose this camera !
 This camera is one which has consistently received lavish praise from photo magazines such as Popular Photography for its ease of use and its superb Zuiko lens , which is comparable in quality to 35mm Single Lens Reflex -LRB- SLR -RRB- fixed focal length wide angle lenses . I 've borrowed one belonging to relatives and am quite impressed with how it easy it is to use , as well as the fine pictures that it produces . Admittedly , it is a bit small , so those who are comfortable using larger point and shoot cameras or SLRs will have to try to hold it steady . Otherwise , you 'll get blurry pictures . My favorite point and shoot camera is the Yashica T4 Super with its 35mm Carl Zeiss Tessar f3 .5 T * lens , but the 38mm Zuiko lens on the Stylus Epic is just as contrasty and sharp . Furthermore , the Stylus Epic is at least $ 50 cheaper than the Yashica T4 Super . Those who want high quality pictures from an inexpensive point and shoot camera should strongly consider buying this petite gem .
 I 've been shooting pictures since I was about 8 , almost 30 years . I 've owned several cameras , my first real one being a Canon AE-1 that I bought in high school . I upgraded to the EOS line in the early '90s and still shoot that line in film , but added medium format -LRB- Hasselblad -RRB- for portrait and wedding work -LRB- part time -RRB- . Earlier this year , I got a digital and decided that I would invest a lot of time into that medium . But I wanted a film camera that , like my digital , had a good lens , was small and lightweight , and shot quality prints.I researched for several weeks all potential reviews on P&S ; cameras . My wife has an older Pentax that was alright , but I had decided that the zoom lenses are often slow and not sharp enough . I debated between getting a Yashica P&S ; off ebay , getting the newer zoom camera by the same maker , or getting this Olympus . I decided on the Olympus and am glad I did , though I 'm sure the Yashicas are fine cameras.Working the camera is a snap . Open the lens cover , and shoot . I think the default setting is for fill flash , but the settings button cycles around -- so just use it for several rolls of film and get used to it . It does , however , reset to the default setting after you turn it off by closing the door on the lens , which is a minor problem . There 's no need to wait for the lens to pop back in , since it is fixed focal length -LRB- though auto-focus -- keep in mind the difference -RRB- . You may not believe me when I say this , but this camera will take better pictures in low light situations than all cameras except SLRs with the most expensive lenses . Having to use the rest of a roll of film and not particularly caring about picture quality , I took this camera to a recent night-time high school football game . Now football in Texas is big , and stadium lighting is pretty good , but it is never good for anything other than expensive , fast lenses , and fast film , right?Wrong . Well , partially wrong . This camera , armed with 200 -LRB- yes , that 's 200 -- something I almost never shoot -RRB- film shot nighttime moderately lighted pictures that came out GREAT ! The angle is wide , so the content leaves something to be desired , but this wide open apeture lens will definitely do the job when you need a fast , quality lens.There is a red eye reduction feature in the flash cycle , but I have n't tried it . My applications for this have been mainly outdoor , and the pics I 've gotten are very sharp and as good as my SLR 's . The guy I sold my AE-1 to won a national award with a pic he made with that camera . I recently asked him if he could do the same with this Olympus . He simply asked me when I wanted to bring it over !
 === > `` What ? , '' you say , `` It does n't zoom ? No wonder it 's so cheap ... I 'm gon na get a point-and-shoot with a zoom lens ! `` Yeah , but check out the f-number on that zoom
 This camera is great value . If you want sharp pictures , this lens beats zoom lenses anytime . HOWEVER , this camera is programmed to use large apertures . In other words , bcos this camera has a big lens , it prefers to get the maximum opening to allow the image to get into the film in as short time as possible . This means the opening time is very brief , great for shaky hands bcos the `` hole '' is opened and closed so quickly there is no time for you to cause blurring if you have shaky hands . Having a large `` opening '' has its drawbacks . In photographic terms , it has reduced Depth of Field . Meaning only the person or object you are focusing on is sharp . The background or perhaps people standing behind , or in front of the main focus of the picture will be blurred.Many people like to see their pictures sharp throughout , ie main subject plus background all sharp etc. . This can be tricky with the Stylus Epic.You would have to `` force '' the camera to choose a small aperture or opening to take your shots to ensure every part of the photo is sharp.My advice is shoot when there is bright sunlight and try to use ISO 200 , 400 film instead of 100 films if not shooting in bright sunlight .
 It 's TINY , and it has an amazingly clear and crisp lens . Take this camera on vacation with you , and some relatively slow film - 100 speed will more than suffice for good daylight shots . Snap away , catching all the shots you would 've missed with a bulkier camera . Take it to a quality film processing shop - y' know , a place you 'd normally stay away from ` cuz they charge more than $ -LRB- ... -RRB- a roll for processing - and ask them nicely to zoom in when printing shots that have a subject relatively far from the camera . I worked at such a shop for a year ; believe me , they 'll do it , just be nice . The low film speed will translate to a tighter grain , and the blown-up shots will look GOBS better in balance and texture than they would 've had they come from a more expensive , bulker camera running 400 speed film , ` cuz any less wo n't properly expose on a long-zoom camera . For me , it was either this or a Nikon N80 SLR outfit ; I chose this ` cuz I ended up spending about a seventh of what a comparably equipped Nikon setup would 've run . Granted , I have nowhere near the control over my shot , but I want clarity , not artsy stuff , and the Stylus Epic is impossible to beat for a pocket-sized , super sharp camera .
 Recently I looked at over two dozen point-and-shoot models doing some research for a friend who wanted to buy a new compact camera to replace his 20-year old Nikon . Although we are really looking for a point and shoot with a short zoom capability -LRB- about 35mm-80mm -RRB- and so did n't pick this one since it is fixed focal length , I was impressed enough with it to want to make a few comments.First of all , none of the other two dozen models had a lens this fast , at F2 .8 . There were a couple that came close , but you 'll find , especially with the point and shoot zoom models , that the fastest the lens will go is only F3 .4 or 3.8 . Many of them are F4 .0 or more at the low end . So if you want at least F2 .8 speed , this camera is about the only way to get it.There is one exception to this . You can buy a Rollei QZ35W for ten times the price and get an F2 .8 lens also . For the extra money you also get a camera that weighs in at 18 oz . However , it has an amazing 1/8000th of a second top shutter speed , which ought to be fast enough to freeze an airplane propeller , not just a golf swing.Well , the Rollei is a great high-end point and shoot but it does n't fit in your shirt pocket very easily at 18 oz. , not to mention it will cost you a pile of green stuff.Two other things the Olympus has that the other models do n't or usually do n't have is there is no shutter lag . You hit the shutter button and there 's no perceptible delay . The Yashica T4 , although it has great optics , has this , and so do many of the other point and shoots out there . The problem can be prounounced enough to affect action shots . For example , you might take a picture of your child running across the living room floor only to find out that he was n't even in the frame when the film was developed.The final thing that is nice about this camera is the `` weatherproof '' aspect . This does n't mean waterproof , however , but a few drops of water wo n't hurt it.All in all a great little camera to take with you anymore .
 Let me start off by saying that I am a bit of a traditionalist when it comes to photography . All things considered , I would much rather shoot film than digital . I primarily shoot in B+W , with an SLR , process my own film , and if I need a digital copy , I 'll have the film scanned . I own a terrific little digi-cam -LRB- Canon S330 -RRB- , but I never fell in love with the format.That being said , I wanted to compliment my SLR system with a small 35mm camera to carry with me all the time . I considered a Lomo , but decided against it taking into consideration the reliability issues . Since I love my EOS Elan 7e and the S330 performs commendably , I choose a Canon Sure Shot 115u . I was n't very impressed with the first few rolls , but I was n't expecting much from a point and shoot . After about 10 or so rolls , I did some research -LRB- perhaps later than I should have -RRB- . I learned that the key to a good point and shoot was the speed of the lens . Very few point and shoots have fast lenses , and a big whopping zoom only slows down the lens more . The lens on the 115u is an f5 .6 at its fastest , with zoom fully retracted . The overall choice from the research was the old Yashica T4 , which is no longer available . The second choice was the Stylus Epic . The lens is an f 2.8 . I bought one and boy was I surprised.This camera is terrific ! Quick is the best way to describe it . Out of the box , the instructions are simple . I was up and taking pictures immediately . The auto-focus and auto-exposure lock on accurately in the blink of an eye . The auto-flash performs an admirable job of providing enough light without washing out the subject . The flash also fires to overcome exposure issues from fluorescent and tungsten lighting . Pictures come out sharp and detailed.But here is the secret ... pop in a roll of ISO 400 -LRB- or ISO 3200 if you are adventurous -RRB- black and white or ISO 800 color film , engage the spot mode , turn off the flash -LRB- as simply described in the manual -RRB- and shoot away . The indoor photos are spectacular . The camera favors wide aperture over a slow shutter speed . Camera shake is almost never an issue . One does n't have to feel so invasive with the flash popping off when trying to get some candid shots . The pictures develop with a true , natural lighting that so many photographers crave.The drawbacks of this little guy are the same ones as others have said . When you close the lens cover , the next time you open it up , you have to re-set your settings ; because it is small , if you are not careful , your finger can get in the way of the lens ; and the buttons are difficult to operate even for people with Lilliputian digits . However , these are minor concerns.This review may be a little hyperbolic , but I am very impressed with this camera . Just remember it is a point and shoot and not an SLR . If you want true versatility , you will be disappointed . However , I have had my Epic for a little less than a month , it has not left my side , and I have shot 15 rolls of film -LRB- even in the snow ; do n't forget the weather-proofing -RRB- . It was exactly what I wanted . If you think you need a zoom lens , you do n't . ; move closer to your subject . If that does n't help , the photograph probably would n't have been that good with the zoom lens anyway.PS The 115u resides in the glove compartment of my car , just in case I ever have an accident I need to document .
 Best one I used.Excellent . If you need a simple , easy to operate cameraAnd you want great resultsBuy this one .
 In a nutshell
 ... with a little help from the photographer . I always get glowing comments about my photos and everyone is floored when I show them the Epic -LRB- I have the base model - no quartz date stamp -RRB- . You will take this camera everywhere and never regret it . How many times have you said , `` I wish I had a camera '' ? Well , you have no excuses with this pocket-sized powerhouse . Versatile flash modes and the outstanding , fast -LRB- lets in a lot of light -RRB- lens will never let you down . Also , after dropping this camera twice , I needed a repair and was treated extremely well by the authorized repair facility with super turn-around time . I , now , always use the neck strap ! Buy this camera ! You will not miss the zoom lens . A little extra thought while composing your shots will be rewarded with spectacular photos !
 I just returned from a trip to the North Carolina mountains . I took the Olympus and my big bulky SLR -LRB- Canon Rebel -RRB- . I can not tell the difference in the pictures . The Olympus did just as well and I can carry it in my pocket . My only regret is that I did n't fork up some more money and get the next step up with a zoom . Some shots should have been closer . This is a great camera for close ups . I have more options with the SLR but it is hard to carry around on a trip . If you put all my pictures together you can not tell which camera took the pictures , they all are excellent . I even let the kids have the camera while I used my video camera and they took pictures with no problem . In fact some of them are the best shots . If you want a camera that you can carry around , and takes great pictures get this one . Please get the one with the zoom though .
 By far the best point n shoot camera . Results are crisp , sharp , and have better color resolution than any zoom model . Handles slide film neatly . Only competitor in point n shoot range is the Yashica T4 Super .
 Excellent P&S ... ; it took clear & crisp photographs for the 3 or 4 years that it worked . It however did bite the dust after a bit of abuse -LRB- a rafting trip where it got a little wet -RRB- . That was pretty disappointing.The only problem with it is that it seemed to always want to shoot wide open regardless of the amount of light it had , so it was n't too reliable in getting the depth of field I wanted for most people in landscape shots .
 I bought this camera before leaving for my vacation to Switzerland . I made the decision to buy this one after reading the reviews on Amazon . And I like to thank all the people who help me to decide by writing there reviews . All my pictures came out excellent . Its hard to tell the diffrence between a picture taken from an SLR & by this point and shot camera . I will highly recommend this camera to anyone who is looking for a point and shoot camera for excellent results .
 I took this camera on a vacation to St. Maarten N.A. , and all of the picture came out so wonderful . The red eye reduction realy worked so well . The only thing I would have liked to have is panoramic . But this is a great point and shoot camera , and small enough to fit in your pocket .
 My previous camera was a Canon Sureshot 80 . I lost this at Six Flags on a rollercoaster ride . I picked Epic Stylus because it was very small and easy to carry around . This camera fit in my pockets even when I was wearing jeans . Becuase of its size it allowed me to have a camera available whenever Kodak moments arrive . The sleek design and the clam shell design keep the lens protected . The first roll I took turned out really great . This is a great no hassle camera . Well work the $ .
 this camera is the best and i would recomend it to anyone looking for a camera . this would be my 1st pick . i 'll love this camera till i 'm dead .
 THE LENS MAKES THE CAMERA . THE LENS IS SO GOOD THAT THEY CA N'T MAKE IT IN A ZOOM . YOU WANT A ZOOM ? TAKE ONE STEP FORWARD AND CLICK . PICTURES COME OUT CLEAR AND CRISP . THIS IS THE SECOND ONE I 'VE BOUGHT . MANUFACTURER IS NOT THE BEST WHEN THERE ARE PROBLEMS THOUGH . THEY HAVE N'T RESPONDED TO A QUERY I MADE THROUGH THEIR WEB SITE . ALSO , IF YOU DROP IT , YOU 'LL PROBABLY HAVE TO BUY A NEW ONE . ALSO , WOULD N'T BOTHER WITH PANARAMA . IT 'S A GOOD LOOKING CAMERA . IT 'S SMALL AND FUTURISTIC SO IT 'S A CHICK MAGNET .
 My initial impression is excellent , except that no battery was included , so a small change should be made in the product specifications . I will update this into a real review when I process my first roll of 36 exposures , trying all the features .
 As others have noted , this is a non-zoom camera with an excellent , fast lens . I bought it a month ago in preparation for an upcoming trip to Italy . As someone who learned to use a Pentax ME Super 25 years ago , I bought it mainly for the fast lens and small size . I also like that it has a slightly wider angle than my zoom compact camera -- great for both travel pictures and indoor group pictures . So far I 've taken two rolls of film , in part to test all the features of the camera , and all of the pictures are excellent . I may add to this review after my Italy trip.A few things I 've noticed so far :1 . There are times when it uses the flash for outdoor pictures -- even when people are not in the picture . I assume it thinks it needs a fill flash in those situations . The pictures were all good , but it was a little disconcerting at first to see the flash go off on a sunny day .2 . When the date feature is used , the pictures have the date at the bottom right but not all the way in the corner . The date is smaller than I had with a Pentax IQZoom 140 , and the red color sometimes blends in with the photo . I use the date feature only on one or two shots per roll to help me later remember the correct time frame for certain events .3 . Using just the standard flash setting -LRB- instead of the red-eye reduction setting -RRB- , I have n't had any problems yet with red-eye . I should note , however , that many of the pictures were taken outdoors -- only a small number were taken indoors.Overall , I 'm very pleased with this camera so far.Additional comments
 Great camera to take snapshots . We have a Canon Rebel XS and love it but were looking for something smaller that would fit into the diaper bag and would still give us the clarity we were looking for . Great value for the price !!!!
 After buying my first olympus I 'm an owner forever . This Small sleek camera is the BEST BUY for the money . All i needed was a camera for travel and holidays . This camera takes great pictures and is simple to use . I was going to teach my dog to take pictures of me but why should I , for an extra -LSB- money -RSB- i got the case , battery , mini tripod , and best of all the remote . This camera fits into my pocket and the important parts will never scratch because the cover protects it . I highly Recommend this camera to anyone just looking to take pictures and not worring about carrying the camera around .
 When I get my pictures developed , people say , `` Wow , great photos ! What kind of camera do you have ? '' expecting me to pull out a big manual camera . When I show them my stylus epic , they say , `` It 's so small ! '' I have taken it on trips and picnics , to fancy balls and award ceremonies , and it has n't weighed me down or bulged in my purse . The red-eye reduction is great . Caveat
 A good P&S . Very nice design . Does tend to overexpose by1/2 -1 stop . Lens is actually a little wider then 35mm -LRB- ~ 32mm -RRB- . Lens sharpness is good for a P&S but does not compare to good SLR optics like Nikon . Cameras operation has some idiosyncrasies like how you get to spot metering mode , the fact that the focus is driven solely by the indicators in the center , etc. . The date stamping is a little too small and too close to the center of the image . Red-eye is a problem . The viewfinder is very tiny and has severe distortion . Overall , a good , but not great , little camera ... If you can spend more get the Yashica T4 w/Zeiss lens .
 Happy with this unit , supplements my 35mm SLR . Mini size is best of many features . Only annoyance is that lens autofocus travel occurs when shutter button is fully pressed to finally shoot , not at half way . This makes for a slightly shaky shot from the Camera 's internal movements an instant before the shutter operation .
 Small enough to fit in your pocket , comfortable to wear around your neck . And , it takes great pictures ! I am thrilled with it .
 This is the camera that i point all my friends and family to -LRB- actually , this one or the yashica T4 -RRB- . The stylus has a sharp , fast lens , weatherproof , small , and super easy controls . I have had mine for years and it has been my standard camera to pack when traveling or special events .
 I have the original , black Olympus Infinity Stylus . If this updated model is anything like it , then it is fantastic . I dropped my Stylus -- it was in my lap in a minivan , I got out , it went flying , hit the ground and skittered under the minivan -- and it was fine ! That was over seven years ago and I 've taken hundreds of pictures since then . If you want a good , solid workhorse of a point-and-shoot -LRB- it 'll never do those arty time exposures -RRB- , this is the perfect choice .
 There are times when it is really nice to have thousands of dollars -LRB- and hundreds of pounds -RRB- worth of camera equipment . And I have all that . But there are times when you really just want to be able to take really nice photos of your trip without being weighted down physically and emotionally -LRB- when you do n't want to spend 45 minutes setting up a shot ! -RRB- . For those times , this is a GREAT little camera . I wanted the full 35mm format , so wanted to stay away from the APS cameras , but I still wanted a camera that could fit in my shirt pocket . I put the carry strap around my neck and stick this little camera in my shirt pocket and it 's there when I want it . And yet it 's versatile enough that you can really get some nice shots with it . My wife and I went to Paris last year . I wanted to just enjoy a nice trip without lots of gear , but we definitely wanted photos from the trip . This camera was the answer ! It 's rain-resistant , and it 's cheap enough that if it gets stolen it wo n't break your heart!One accessory you will want - a little six-inch flexible tripod -LRB- mine is from Slik -RRB- - using that and the self-timer , you can get some really nice time exposures . In minutes I got some great night photographs of boats on the Seine , the Eiffel Tower , etc. . I really ca n't say enough about this little camera .
 The Olympus Stylus Epic QD 35mm camera is very , very small . It takes up less space than some APS cameras . I purchased my Stylus through Amazon because local photo stores did not keep the basic model on their shelves . This model does not have a zoom , panorama or other gadgets . It 's a solid , easy to use and takes very sharp pictures . The only thing I recommend is purchasing the remote control/tripod/battery / pouch package through Amazon because I ended up paying about $ 40 for just the remote from a local store . -LRB- purchased one day before our vacation -RRB- . The remote control is very easy to use and has a battery inside from the factory . Be carefull of focus if you compose your subject to the side . There is a way to capture focus on a subject then compose to the side to get a good shot . It takes a bit of practice . Landscape to buildings to close up photographs are very sharp . I have been using Kokak 100 and 200 ASA film . I 've experienced a few red-eyes when I did n't use the red-eye reduction thingy . The most impressive thing about this camera is the viewfinder . It really is accurate . The crosshair is great for setting focus and centering a subject . I tested the viewfinder accuracy at about 10 feet from a chart . The camera captures just a little more than you see , evenly on all four sides . In effect , you can compose a shot just as you like it , without worry . There are viewfinder guides for close up photos also . I wanted a standard lens camera for better sharpness . But one of my relatives purchased the next model up that uses a zoom lens , it seems to produce very sharp pictures . -LRB- That model also is a little larger . -RRB- Overall , I like the camera and with a little more practice I will not make focus errors in the future . This Olympus did a good job on our two week vacation in Europe . We have some fantastic pictures and the camera was no problem to carry around .
 The Olympus Stylus Epic is ideal for lightweight travel photography , having numerous features serious photographers will appreciate
 Although I am a professional photographer , I bought the Olympus Stylus Epic because I did n't want to have to lug all my big equipment to get togethers with family and friends . I have been very pleased with the camera . I recently compared photos taken with a Nikon F100 professional 35mm camera and compared them to the photos I took with the Olympus Stylus . The quality of the Olympus Stylus photos is almost better than the Nikon F100 photos ! All images are very sharp and the flash had great coverage . The fact that it has no zoom cabability has n't been a problem at all ! Photos of small and large groups come out great as do landscapes . And it 's so convenient to use ... it fits easily in a pocket or in my purse . I 'm thrilled with my Olympus Stylus ! -LRB- And I 'm not being paid to say this ! -RRB-
 I 've got ta say I love this camera . It 's been through a lot ... mud , rain , creeks , storms , popcorn oil -LRB- yes , popcorn oil -RRB- , almost everywhere . It still gives me SPECTACULAR pictures . Some of them are POSTCARD quality , pictures that are so good , so crisp , so clear , so nice that I 'd want to put them on a postcard.I 've only had two little problems with the and it does n't have anything to do with pic quality . One is the Champaigne finish of the camera . When it 's with me , the camera usually is in my shorts pocket . I 'm guessing because of that the back of the camera has some scuff marks and it 's not as shiny as it was , but oh well , it still works . The other prob I have is that it sometimes takes a while to load the film.I hope to have this camera for a long time , I 've captured some great moments on it , no matter the film or speed . I do though reccomend Fuji 200 for all most outdoor/indoor or Kodak MAX 400 if you need the extra light capability for indoors . I also reccomend that people read and understand the manual ... it 'll tell you the camera 's focusing secrets . It 's a sweet camera , it ' l work for anyone .
 I love this camera . I took 20 rolls of film with this in Egypt , 15 rolls in Italy and 10 rolls in Paris & Belgium , they all turned out spectacular . The pictures are clear -LRB- you have to try to take close up of people -RRB- and the night and indoor shots are great -LRB- with night-flash mode -RRB- . It 's also small and light , easy to carry around . I recommend using this with Kodak Royal Gold 400 or Kodak Portra 160VC . The color is especially rich and vivid when taken during sunrise and sunset * wink * Who needs the zoom lens , just walk closer to the object , : D
 I recently purchased this little point-and-shoot to replace my original Stylus , the black Infinity that I carried with me for about 10 years or so . Some months ago my son `` borrowed '' it , and I finally realized that I was never going to see it again . Using my SLR was a real pain , due to size and weight and accessories , and I found I was n't taking very many pictures . I was so happy to find that this model 's still available ! I did check out a couple of the the zoom-model Styluses , but decided that for my purposes I wanted something really dependable and simple and quick -- that also would n't eat up batteries . Also it 's the smallest and lightest.I worked in Egypt for several years doing archaeological drawing , and visited practically every temple , tomb , museum , marketplace , and anything else interesting in the major cities and elsewhere . My old Stylus produced hundreds of great photos , and I 'm looking forward to another decade or so of having this little guy with me at all times.When was the last time you said , `` Damn , I wish I had my camera ! '' ? No excuses with this one . Get one . You 'll see . And DO READ THE LITTLE INSTRUCTION BOOK -- it has many good tips , especially for that red-eye problem .
 I bought this camera upon reading numerous reviews that gave it top points for its compactness and wonderful picture taking ability . It has one of the best lenses available on the market . The only gripe is the red eye reduction setting that basically strobes the flash , making everyone you are taking a picture of , look like they have been shot with a gun . I disable this and bought a pen to use on finished prints that marks out the problem . I would recommend this camera to anyone wanting great pictures without having to do anything else but point and shoot .
 Popular Photography recently called this camera '' ... possibly the best camera in the universe and I agree.It is small , light , it has an * excellent * quality lens . The lens quality is way above the average point and shoot . The lack of zoom is one of the reasons the lens can be * so * good . Maximum lens opening of f2 .8 and maximum shutter speed of 1/1000 sec -LRB- but no ` manual ' setting -RRB- It has an ` intellegent ' flash that reduces flash intensity for close-up shots -LRB- prevents overexposure ! -RRB- Many different available ` modes ' give you great versatlity , including ` red eye ' flash mode and a ` spot ' metering option.I own 4 of these cameras !
 This is the second stylus I 've purchased in 2 years . I have three teenage daughters that love taking pictures . My second daughter just turned 16 . I bought my oldest daughter a stylus when she turned 16 . They like the camera because of its small compact size and ease of use . It fits nicely in their purse . After comparing every camera I could find for under $ 100 , the Stylus had much better quality . In order to find as good a camera , I had to double the price . The viewfinder alone , is larger than most , very clear and crisp . Never had a single problem with the first Stylus . The fact that the price has come down is a real plus also . I paid more for the Stylus two years ago , than the one bought recently . I give this little camera a 5 star . You will not be disappointed . It 's a really nice little camera . It 's easy to use , attractive and it is not cluttered up with whistles & bells you 'll never use . Just point and shoot .
 This is one of the best compact single lens cameras around . The lens is fast -LRB- f2 .8 -RRB- , very sharp , and the exposure system is accurate . It 's main competition is the Yashica T4 super , which is a little bigger and has a slightly slower -LRB- but very nice -RRB- lens.As someone mentioned in another review , there are problems with long range zooms in compact cameras . In addition to the problem with redeye , there is also the issue of flash range . Compact cameras generally have pretty weak flashes , and if you zoom a lens out to 120mm and f11 or so , the range becomes very small indeed . For example , if you 're talking about a flash with a guide number of 40 , with a fast f2 .8 lens like the one in this camera , you get a range of 14 feet . With the lens zoomed out long , and an f-stop of ll , your range would be 3.6 feet , so if you 're taking a picture of someone 's nose you 're in business . Also , the design comprimises necessary for cramming a long range zoom into a small camera pretty much require them to be of poor optical quality.Some of the shorter range zooms in P&S cameras are OK , but on the other hand the ability to take pictures without flash in a reasonably well lit room may be more valuable than the abililty to change focal lengths over a small range . Then too , the smallness of this camera allows you to shove it in your pocket when you think there is some chance you might need it , and you may find you use it more than you would a larger camera .
 I have recently rediscovered film photography and have aquired this famous point and shoot . Film is still a great affordable option for high quality pictures if you scan your negatives . Plus without an LCD to worry about how the last picture looked , I can focus on taking the next picture.Right out of the box , the size impressed me , it is one of the most compact 35mm cameras I 've ever seen in person . Only a Canon Elph is smaller , but that 's basically a rectangle . The Stylus Epic is one of the best handling cameras I 've ever touched . Modern digitals are mostly rectangles , but the Stylus has a great tapered design that feels great in your hand . The shape is also perfect for sliding in your pocket . The sliding cover is also the on/off switch , so there 's no odd buttons or switches to slow you down . On top of that , loading film could n't be easier.My main concern is that the camera is rather loud when it advances film , so its not exactly a subtle camera , but otherwise I am glad I picked this up.Update
 I am absolutely NOT a photographer . The pix I took with this camera all came out excellent .
 Several reviews enhance on how good camera is this so I 'll go to the point with some examples .1 . I 've taken photos with the object very close to the camera -LRB- 15 inch -RRB- with the spot metering mode with candle light , tripod , without flash , ASA 400 , with impressive results .2 . I 've taken photos with the object very close to the camera -LRB- 14 inch -RRB- with to spot mering mode with flash , without over exposure and impressive results.So , I would support that the short -LRB- 14 inch -RRB- focus capability is great and useful . If you want close photos of objects with a idiot proof little camera , I mean without zoom , tele , macro as it should be this is the choice .3 . I had met several focus problems with objects at 2m from the camera , hope that practice would help me to improove . However some photos have excellent focus and sharpness .4 . Excellent dark sunset photos with the night scene mode with ASA 100 and tripod .5 . Red eye reduction pre strobes are unconfortable , but very effective .6 . I prefer this than cheap zoom cameras.Definitevely I support the several comments of experts telling this is incredible considering the price .
 The Olympus Stylus Epic QD 35mm camera is very , very small . It takes up less space than some APS cameras . I purchased my Stylus through Amazon because local photo stores did not keep the basic model on their shelves . This model does not have a zoom , panorama or other gadgets . It 's a solid , easy to use and takes very sharp pictures . The only thing I recommend is purchasing the remote control/tripod/battery / pouch package through Amazon because I ended up paying about $ 40 for just the remote from a local store . -LRB- purchased one day before our vacation -RRB- . The remote control is very easy to use and has a battery inside from the factory . Be carefull of focus if you compose your subject to the side . There is a way to capture focus on a subject then compose to the side to get a good shot . It takes a bit of practice . Landscape to buildings to close up photographs are very sharp . I have been using Kokak 100 and 200 ASA film . I 've experienced a few red-eyes when I did n't use the red-eye reduction thingy . The most impressive thing about this camera is the viewfinder . It really is accurate . The crosshair is great for setting focus and centering a subject . I tested the viewfinder accuracy at about 10 feet from a chart . The camera captures just a little more than you see , evenly on all four sides . In effect , you can compose a shot just as you like it , without worry . There are viewfinder guides for close up photos also . I wanted a standard lens camera for better sharpness . But one of my relatives purchased the next model up that uses a zoom lens , it seems to produce very sharp pictures . -LRB- That model also is a little larger . -RRB- Overall , I like the camera and with a little more practice I will not make focus errors in the future . This Olympus did a good job on our two week vacation in Europe . We have some fantastic pictures and the camera was no problem to carry around .
 As a midwife , sometimes working alone , I take a set of birth pictures for the couple . Any other camera would not shoot at the length of my arm so my local photo shop found me the first one . Now after 16 years of use it is shot and am so glad they still make the same model . It was also the one I took to Hawaii -LRB- because it was so nice and small -RRB- and got wonderful pic 's even without the zoom feature . Thank you Olympus for your great product !!
 I own a nice camera with zoom and auto focus . With a granchild on the way last year , I bought my wife this fixed focus Olympus point and shoot camera . She just has to click . Her pictures are so much better than mine because my camera has auto focus . Babies and small chilren change expressions far to quickly for auto focus to focus . Fixed focus with a really good lens , which this camera has , is this reviewers choice for family pictures . I am ordering another one for me today .
 The only thing that I do n't like about this camera : It is too easy to lose because it is so small !
 I stand by MOST of my old review , BUT after using the Epic a bit more , I 've found that the Spot Metering is a good workaround for some of the camera 's shutter-priority programming . Put that Spot meter to careful use , and you can get more depth-of-field and less flash use . Also , after days of heavy rain recently here in California , the Weather Resistant features are nice , too . This camera really IS a great value!OLD REVIEW : I 'd suggest finding an old Olympus XA in good condition instead of this mostly pre-programmed techno-cam , although it does have a sharp lens . . and it 's very small and light too . But the autofocus is a little touchy , and it wants to shoot at f2 .8 in any kind of even slightly low light . With the XA , you can choose any aperture -LRB- or ISO ! -RRB- you want , and the lens is even sharper . . of course , you might have to use a tripod too , but the Stylus Epic wo n't really acknowledge that choice!However , within its ' parameters , it 's a slick little camera , and you really should n't have to pay too much for it ; refurbished ones go for under $ 50 .
 Small , light , and strong.The best for a tough traveling abroad.It has no Panorama Mode , no Wireless Remote Control , no Pouch , and no CR123A Battery.Then , it is simpler than Olympus -LSB- mju :] - II .
 This is the most reliable , best small camera I 've ever owned . I rate it an excellent value , and carry it most of the time . I 've tried other cameras this size , including APS format . The others were all disappointing in one way or another . I also have cameras that take sharper pictures , and even the smallest of them is considerably more bulky , and weighs a lot more . This is the only camera this size that I have ever found to be completely satisfactory . If you want a true `` pocket sized '' camera , this is the one .
 This little camera takes great pictures ! I took a chance and * only * carried the Olympus with me on vacation and left my bulky zoom camera at home . Initially , I was worried that I would miss the zoom feature . After reviewing my photos , I realized that for my purposes , the zoom was n't necessary . My pics came out clear , bright , and red eye free . The camera fits easily in your pocket , is quiet , and unobtrusive . No more `` I left my bulky camera at home '' excuses ! The only downside is that the camera did not come with a carrying case ...
 This is a wonderful camera ! I took it on a recent trip to San Francsisco and have n't been able to tear myself away from my photo album.There are many advantages to the Epic QD . It 's extremely compact and lightweight , so it easily fit into my purse or jacket pocket -LRB- no bulges ! -RRB- . Loading film is a snap , and the display will indicate if you 've done it wrong . Also , you 'll love the crisp quality of the photographs.I only wish that the battery compartment were a bit easier to open , and that I could zoom in once in a while . But neither of these issues should stop you from purchasing this camera . I know I love mine !!
 I am purchasing this camera for a third time -LRB- I have worn out two of them -RRB- . I use this camera a lot , using between 5 to 15 rolls of film per week , every week , this camera has lasted for about two years . I take this camera everywhere -LRB- on roofs of buildings , on construction sites , crawling in crawl spaces and tunnels , climbing on building walls , and even on vacation -RRB- . This camera just keeps clicking . The film loading mechanism on my first camera failed after about 2 years and was n't worth replacing -LRB- since these are relatively cheap -RRB- . The back closure/locking mechanism on my current camera is beginning to not lock , so I 'm getting another as a backup . This camera takes great photos and is the most hassle-free camera I have ever used -LRB- BAR NONE , and I hate it when you have to wait for folks to mess around with their camera -RRB- . It takes tremendous abuse too -LRB- scrapes , a few drops and bangs -RRB- , but still works without a hitch -LRB- although the person at the camera store may tell you it needs to be cleaned -RRB- . The small size fits anywhere -LRB- even in my jeans pocket -RRB- . I love this camera and I hope they do n't ever discontinue manufacture of it .
 The truth is that this is one of the two cameras that is used by professional photographers . Another one is a Yashica T4 . It makes wonderful pictures and has one of the best and fastest lenses . If you are concerned about the lack of zoom , well ... Go and read some reviews on photo.net .
 This is a camera I have used and abused for over 2 years and it keeps serving me flawlessly.Here 's why I give it 4 stars : - It does what it should
 I have bought four of these little cameras . -LRB- for different family members -RRB- It is reliable . It takes great pictures . It has the necessary features but not so many that one is overwhelmed . It fits easily in a shirt pocket . It does n't have a zoom but that is just one less thing to break or use up your batteries . If you want to fill the frame just get closer to your subject . It does n't have all the whistles and bells of larger more expensive cameras but a camera you have takes better pictures than one you left behind because it was too big or so expensive that you did n't want to risk losing it.I have the usual assortment of larger fully featured cameras as well as the required digital camera but I would n't be without one of these little beasts .
 This camera is excellent.It is tiny , lightweight and you can take it everywhere with you to take those candid photos you just ca n't take with a bigger camera that requires a brief setup . You can just throw out your arm and snap and you 're practically guaranteed to get an interesting photo . This is my favorite camera while traveling.If you need a zoom buy the version with a zoom lens and if the blinking flash for eye reduction is bothersome , you need to get a camera that has the lens further away from the flash -LRB- the closeness of flash to lens causes red eye -RRB-
 I bought one of these cameras for my mother for Christmas and found that she prefers to use this one over her SLR !!! I have also found that the variable output flash system is incredibly accurate . There is n't enough praise I can give this camera . One thing I like as compared to other cameras is that , unlike other Olympus cameras , it does n't have that pop-up flash . I work for a corporate camera retailer and have found that Those pop-up flashes break quite often with my clientelle . The fixed flash in this camera is great.Olympus cameras have the greatest effective red eye reduction of any other camera . Their secret is the continous strobing flash which gives sufficient stimuli to cause the pupils to contract . This is turn is why you get red eye - think of animals at night when you are driving and you see the reflection in their eyes . Red eye is quite similar . The contraction of the pupils reduces this effect and Olympus is the only camera manufactrer that I know of that uses this technique of continious strobing flash . Other manufacturers have too much time inbetween the presentation of their flash bursts , therefore causing people not to react as quickly to contract the pupils.My sister even likes it soo much she wants to give up her Nikon SLR and get one of these . I am tempted as well , but money does n't grow on trees ;--RRB- I know for a fact that I will have one one day .
 I hope I 'm not the only person who 's had this problem.I received three of these cameras from Amazon in two months . It was a great testimonial to Amazon 's customer service and also a sad commentary on Olympus 's dull customer service.My first camera took 20 shots and then , after a remote shot , got stuck in ` red eye flash mode ' . Olympus said it sounded like a malfunction so Amazon replaced it posthaste.My second camera took 1 shot and then refused to cycle through any of the flash modes . Amazon again replaced it.My third camera refused to cycle through any of the flash modes from the get-go . In desperation I begged Olympus to review the symptoms and let me know if I was doing something wrong . They obviously did n't read much of my letter , but sent back a polite e-mail saying they would be glad to look at the camera and give me a repair estimate.Suspecting some kind of personal incompetence , I then took the current camera to a repair shop . The shop agreed that the camera was not working properly . But , they did n't give it back to me . They kept poking at it and working the various buttons . Suddenly , the ` flash mode button ' began working . It appears that when you use the other mode buttons , the camera can get left in the wrong state . At this point , it refuses to process the ` flash mode button ' . This problem is not corrected when you turn the camera on and off , remove the battery , or even whack it a time or two -LRB- just kidding -RRB- . Since I have n't read about this problem in any other reviews , I have to conclude that almost everyone else has better instincts than I do or that few people use the other buttons . Still , I 'm writing on the off chance that there is another electronic imbecile out there , about ready to give up on the camera . Try again . Hit buttons randomly but not too hard.Given that the camera takes good pictures once it 's in the right mode , I think I like it . I 've been working hard on capturing the elusive pre-grimace facial expression . The Epic gives me hope as it certainly readies itself and opens its shutter a lot more quickly than other cameras I 've had . My five year old is already used to the long red-eye-flash-flutter .
 This is the perfect point-and-shoot camera . Very easy to use , small enought to fit anywhere , and weatherproof for those rainy days . A single focal length lens -LRB- i.e. no zoom -RRB- is the only way to go in a point & shoot . This makes it a much more durable camera than those with a zoom and it has a much faster lens . Meaning you will get a good exposure more often and have less dark & grainy pictures . Easier to operate , faster , and higher quality pictures than most digital cameras out there , and under $ 100 ! This camera is a steal !
 and often , the Stylus Epic is in your hands . But more than its pocketability , what makes the Epic click -LRB- sorry , bad pun -RRB- is the lens . It 's one of the rarest in the current generation of P&S ; cameras because of its large aperture -LRB- 2.8 -RRB- . then there are the clever touches . ability to detect fluorescent lighting , six flash modes including slow sync -LRB- an SLR feature -RRB- , a spotmeter , weatherproofing . If I have a complaint , it 's that the camera resets to all auto when you switch it off . But then , it is a point and shoot , is n't it?It is not without a few caveats
 As a midwife , sometimes working alone , I take a set of birth pictures for the couple . Any other camera would not shoot at the length of my arm so my local photo shop found me the first one . Now after 16 years of use it is shot and am so glad they still make the same model . It was also the one I took to Hawaii -LRB- because it was so nice and small -RRB- and got wonderful pic 's even without the zoom feature . Thank you Olympus for your great product !!
 There are so many kudos for this camera that have already been expressed and I do n't know that I can add more . I 've been using it for six months -LRB- and about 22 rolls of film -RRB- now and am very happy with it . I had been assessing this camera for 4 months by reading the reviews in most of the trade mags and on Photo.Net . It did n't take me long after I bought it to become a satisfied customer . It 's plusses are
 Purchasing this small , sleek and attractive camera is one of the best investment i have ever made . The results i got with this camera are great . The flash off mode for taking pictures in the night gives excellent pictures . And the redeye reduction mode also works very good . The pictures using default mode flash looks a little darker than my previous camera but i am not sure whether it is a problem with the camera or with my picture taking . Last but not least it is a cute little thing for this price and it sure makes you feel like a professional photographer .
 I see someone has already been mentioned how the fixed lens produces best quality results -LRB- rather than a zoom which can not deliver the same quality -RRB- . I wanted to add that the 600 auto focus stops , with a closest focus range of 9 inches is the main reason why I am onto my fifth one -LRB- although the design looks new - this camera has been selling for over ten years -RRB- . I have put over 1800 shots through my current one no problem . I also like the autofocus feature to set the focus before composition -LRB- like my Nikon SLR -RRB- .
 Excellent camera which produces pictures much sharper than regular Zoom cameras in good to excellent lighting . Flash performance is average in low light situations.I finished about 5 rolls of film in this camera . There is only one rule to take great pictures with this camera . '' You need to focus on your object for one conscious second '' This lets the multibeam autofocus to work properly.Also , FujiFilm works the best since a good majority of processing labs use Fuji machines .
 I see someone has already been mentioned how the fixed lens produces best quality results -LRB- rather than a zoom which can not deliver the same quality -RRB- . I wanted to add that the 600 auto focus stops , with a closest focus range of 9 inches is the main reason why I am onto my fifth one -LRB- although the design looks new - this camera has been selling for over ten years -RRB- . I have put over 1800 shots through my current one no problem . I also like the autofocus feature to set the focus before composition -LRB- like my Nikon SLR -RRB- .
 It 's stable but it only fits scopes of certain length , TAKE NOTE ! . A little difficult to make minor adjustments . Paint scrapes off quite easily as well .
 item is as described , it 's quality made , so far it 's holding fine and looks like it will last for some time .
 Although this is sold as an adaptor , I consider it a must for Canon digital cameras . When I look on ebay , I see many Canon digitals with stuck lens status and I have read many reports of this problem ; however , with this adaptor you may never need to worry about bumping the lens while extended again . It completely protects the extended lens and even a drop with the lens extended may not cause a problem if you have one of these adaptors in place . I have 5 Canon digitals and make sure that I have an adaptor if one is available . No problems so far . I dropped my S2-IS once , but with the adaptor in place - no problem .
 There 's not much to tell . It 's a simple part and does what it is designed to do .
 There is n't too much you can say about this product because its just an adapter . I ordered it for my A520 and it fits just fine and I have no problem attaching filters to it .
 No problem with this memory , brought my old laptop up to speed.Came to the house very fast , was easy to install , recognized the memory with no problem and is working great .
 When using the recommended film -LRB- 400 -RRB- , this camera takes excellent pictures . It is also lightweight and simple to use . However , i changed batteries 3 times in a 3 week period when i took 9 rolls of 24 . I think that is a little excessive . If you are willing to keep spare batteries in your case , then go ahead and buy this great camera .
 this camera is great ! i recomend it to all ! its easy to use and light weight !
 This camera is great , so lightweight and it also takes great pictures ! I love it !
 Bought this for my husband to use in his garage -- ended up keeping it myself for our house . Now we both get to enjoy it . Works great ; use it in the car and in the house .
 I got this as a gift and I have to say that it is amazing . I did n't even really need to look at the directions , VERY EASY ! This camera ia very light , and compact and can fit into also anything , even a small tiny purse ! It figures 6 different flash types so you can cut out on `` devil eyes '' and lack of background in the night shots . Very nice ! And if you take pictures like me and have your fingers in front of the lens , there 's almost no way to do this with this camera . Another plus in my book!This camera is great !
 My name is Rustam and I am from Kyrgyzstan , former Soviet Union Repiblic -LRB- just in case -RRB- . I would like to buy IntelliMouse Explorer 3.0 for the perfect use in Games : Counter Strike etc. . But as far as I understand , you do not supply to Central Asian Republics . An I did not find any sourse to buy here in Kyrgyzstan . I have the one way to solve this problem - to apply to Moscow distributor . That is all . Would appreciate if you can help me to solve this issue - especially HOW -LRB- 1 -RRB- money transfer and -LRB- 2 -RRB- Total time of delivery till final destination.My EM:rustam@infotel.kgI have just registered as a client of Amazon.com ... But no way to get my mouse . Thanks for your understanding . Brgrds , RustamP.s . Inconvenience ... and sorry
 EASY installation for me as a novice geek machine.The intuitive pointer of this mouse feature and other pluses like soft touch buttons and easier scrolling and auto-scrolling comes with ease . . Great buy and price to boot !!!
 Needed a PS2 mouse replacement for an older P3 600 Dell that the kids use for Win98 games -LRB- I have young kids who do n't use the internet -RRB- . Mouse works great . Price was right . I think I paid more for shipping than the mouse itself -LRB- found on amazon marketplace -RRB- . Highly recommend .
 Works like a charm ! If you like the rubber ball type mouse with a wheel , better get one now . Getting to be obsolete . The optical ones cost way more !! -LRB- and I 've heard sometimes have glitches -RRB-
 it order to save me some time . . since i should be working this is the review i will give just to those products that are actually worth it and this is one of them
 great mouse beats other by wide margin
 Fit my Ford 1999 F350 as advertised . A little flimsy but seems to work fine . I 'd buy again and would recommend .
 This mouse is made to last . I 've had mine for seven years and it still works great today . The BEST QUALITY MOUSE in the world ! Buy it now and you can look forward to a good eight to eleven years with your new mouse .
 This was one of the first mice I ever bought . I 've had it for at least four years and it 's performed reliably with every computer it 's been connected to . I 've brought it with me from job to job and back and forth from home and have never had any problems with it . The buttons always click crisply and the wheel revolves easily . Now I 'm buying another one to permanently connect to my home laptop workstation so I can leave one at work and one at home .
 First of all , I 'd like to begin by saying that I 've used almost all the mice out there . From the $ 60 Logitech G5 -LRB- supposed to be the most advanced mouse out there -RRB- and the $ 70 Razor Copperhead and I have to say , none whatsoever , can matchup to the legendary balled intellimouse series.The shape is ingenius . It is perfect . When I decided to switch to optical , I thought that I can get one that performs as well as the intellimouse but w/o the hassle of having a ball . I thought I could get greater accuracy . However , Logitech mice are very poorly shaped.They have the fundamental concept of how you are supposed to use a mouse all wrong . And now , MS is actually copying them by stopping production of their Intellimouse Explorer series and coming out with the new laser mice that are shaped similar to logitech . NO !!!! There were some optical mice that could matchup to the balled Intellimouse 3.0 . They are the Intellimouse optical 1.1 SECOND EDITION , and the intellimouse Explorer 3.0 . Both of which has stopped production and will bid over $ 200 on EBay !!! What I want to do is take the LED or laser out of the current mice I have and put it in my old Intellimouse 1.1 a -LRB- same as 3.0 -RRB- . Then I will finally have an optical mouse that I love as much as my old intellimouse . = -RSB-
 This mouse came with my computer and it lasted about 5 years and then i had to buy a new one because it broke . This mouse was still great and it was comfortable to use and the scroll wheel felt nice . This is a good solid simple mouse and i reccomend it to anyone who wants a simple mouse .
 In the theme of Volkswagen -LRB- meaning , `` people 's car '' -RRB- this is the mouse that started it all . It 's still the best and even a little better because this same mouse went through the halls of engineering dozens of times since its inception.So who buys one of these ? An inexperienced computer user ? A granny ? A granddad ? Nope , I 'd bet not . I think the majority of these are purchased by experienced computer people that are in the computer industry.If your customer knows how to clean -LRB- and actually does clean -RRB- their mouse then an optical mouse is not necessary nor desirable . As long as their mouse pad sits to the right , this is the mouse for them . As a righty you ca n't beat the design shape of this mouse -LRB- this is NOT for a left handed person as the sales documentation describes -RRB- . If you own a `` fingernail '' and can still blow out your birthday candles you have the best maintenance tools available for this mouse . Do n't reach for that Q-Tip or alcohol . Just scrape the rollers that roll against the rubber ball with you fingernail until they are clean , then close your eyes and blow the crud out , you have just done an overhaul on your mouse and it 's good for another two miles.No need for a special mouse pad ; no need for a special table top ; just a need to get things done the easiest way . I do my share of graphics and while I use an optical mouse -LRB- just because it was the closest one at hand when the other one went out -RRB- , the ball mouse -LRB- mechanical -RRB- is the most predictable . If it is n't `` predictable '' then it needs to be cleaned . You 'll find graphic designers in the above $ 40.00 range and down here at the bottom.Believe it or not a mechanical mouse cost more to produce since it contains more parts and also works off of `` optics . '' The ball rolls against bars inside the mouse . The bars are attached to wheels that have many cut out openings . A photocell and LED is used to read the movement -LRB- strobe effects -RRB- of the cutouts in the wheel -LRB- optical wheel -RRB- . So even the mechanical mouse does n't escape the optical technology . The reason it is important to blow out the inside of one of these mice is to keep the crud from obstructing the light through the cut-outs in the optical wheel.The entire purpose of changing the design to the purely optical mouse was to reduce cost and reduce user maintenance ... not a better working product . A better working product design is a `` wireless '' mouse as it removes the possible obstruction of the mouse cable.When you can buy one of these for the cost of a couple 4 packs of Frappuccinos there is no sense in not having at least one of these for a backup.It 's too bad that Microsoft is saying goodbye to this product . As a famous person once asked , `` Why buy today what is obsolete tomorrow when you can buy today what is obsolete today ? ''
 what happens to Microsoft making all those new mice ... the new ones do n't fit the palm as nicely as the old one ... also i like the feel of the mouse ball , and the wheel clicking when you scroll it . so my choice excludes all the optical , tilt wheel , and the battery-trouble of wireless.why microsoft do n't make these mouse any more , it puzzles me . it is my best-loved classic mouse .
 In my book , you just ca n't beat this mouse for a desktop system . Where else can you get a good mouse for this price ?
 I have used at least 5 mice , and this is by far the best . Opened my eyes as to performance . I use it for light retail work , no gaming , etc. , and I am 100 % satisfied .
 I 've had one of these for as long as i remember , it is sturdy build and works great . Sadly I used mine so long that it eventually broke . Still a good buy though .
 I can not stand to use a optical type mouse , so I bought a new IntelliMouse and love it . It has a cord , it has a ball , and it works smoothly when you move it unlike most opticals .
 I purchase intelleMouse 3.0 hoping that it would solve the problem that I had with a similar mouse . At first the mouse worked extremely well exhibiting no sticking . Lately it has been exhibiting some the same problems that I had with the previous mouse . With the first Mouse the scroll bar would move on its own and the would not move smoothly across the page . The problem with the scroll ball is Ok , but now and again the pointer would move so far and stop and and I would have to pickup mouse and and move the pointer again . I am planning to change pad and see if things improve .
 the old standard roller-ball mouse - bought one of these just in case . unlike an optical mouse , this one can work on mouse pads with colors and designs . -LSB- optical mice need a flat black pad . -RSB- not expensive .
 How many pictures will it store ? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about . Well , considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries.The Edge 64MB CompactFlash Card , like most 64MB cards , will store on average 71 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera , 53 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera , 32 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera , 25 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera , and 20 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera . These numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality JPEG setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera.I truly hope this review was helpful to you in determining whether this card is the right capacity for your specific needs .
 I had to connect mine via usb to the computer and update the software . Just remember when installing this , that you have to download the battery installation software from tripp lite in order for your ups to recognise that you have an additional battery pack .
 I installed two of these Edge 256MB PC2100 DDR non-ECC DIMMs in my desktop running a 1Ghz Athlon Thunderbird when I upgraded to Windows XP . They have been running fine for a few months with no lockups or crashes . I looked online for hours for cheap but reliable memory , and concluded that these Edge memory units are the best value .
 it works and that was pretty much what I was looking for . I sometimes &#34; like &#34; inanimate objects , I usually do n't love them .
 Seller was prompt in shipping the item I ordered . Memory installed seamlessly . Very satisfied !
 I used this in a laptop from a manufacturer that I usually have trouble installing ram in -LRB- compatibility issues -RRB- . I had no problems with this ram . It is working fine .
 worked perfect , dlvr faster than expected . would say it was a fair price for a good product.what else can you say about a 20 $ part . pay me per work and i will write a longer review .
 I recently purchased a 128MB EDGE CompactFlash card for my Canon A75 , and was pleasantly surprised to find that the card is actually lightning-fast ! I have a Canon A75 , which came with a 32MB `` High Speed '' CF card , this EDGE card blows the doors off the Canon OEM card ! I tested the two in the frame-advance mode -LRB- takes one picture after another as fast as it can until you let go of the button -RRB- , and the EDGE was noticeably faster!Not many reviews out there , so I wrote one . I bought this as a backup to my Lexar 12X card , and I can certainly say this is just as fast !
 Some time before I bought this little gem , I was looking at all the other MP3 players out there , but I always found a flaw -LRB- s -RRB- that turned me off that particular unit.Then , like a sign from above , this appeared . As you could guess , it was everything I was looking for in an MP3 player , with a few extras that I 'll probably never use -LRB- but it 's nice to have them , though ! -RRB- . To sum up this review
 the price isnt . where is the incentive to buy here ?
 This is by far the best portable audio device I have ever owned . Although the price is a little steep , the ability to have 2000 CD quality songs in a device the size of a pack of cigarettes is well worth it . In addition to the amount of music you can store , if you wish to , you can set the device up as a portable Firewire hard-drive as well . You can use any leftover space from your music collection to store anything you want . I have found that the ideal accessory for this product is a car kit with a 12volt adapter and an FM transmitter to play your music through your car 's stereo . You 'll wonder why you ever payed extra for a CD deck in your car , and the iPod battery will always be 100 % charged when you get to where you are going .
 The iPod , is , hands down , the coolest gadget I have ever owned . I just received it as a Christmas gift a couple of days ago , so I have n't had long term experience with it . But I have n't put it down since it charged -LRB- a simple process that took about 3 hours -RRB- . Battery life seems very good . Fire Wire downloading is blazingly fast ... when they say 15 seconds per CD , they do n't lie -LRB- I timed it -RRB- . Only a couple complaints :1 . Thus far , I have not found a way to rip CD 's directly to the iPod . You must first save them to iTunes , build a playlist , and then place it on the iPod . This is simple , but creates files on your computer that you must delete if you do n't want to take up hard drive space .2 . Included earbuds sound pretty good , but are somewhat uncomfortable .3 . The shiny case picks up fingerprints easily . These clean off very easily , but it somewhat mars the appearance of this beautiful little device .4 . You ca n't play songs through the iPod itself while it 's plugged in to the computer -LRB- in fact , you ca n't use any of the iPod 's buttons -RRB- . You can , however , play the songs on the iPod through iTunes.Other than these minor things , the iPod is 100 % fantastic . It is far superior to other jukeboxes I have seen . While pricey , it is worth the cost .
 ` Destroy the Neodymium transducer magnets ! ` No , it 's not a line from Star Trek . Rather , it 's the first thing you 'll need to do when you unpack your new iPod
 If you 're in the market for an MP3 player , this is the one to get . I realize the price is a bit more than others , and may seem overpriced when features are compared , but it really is not . The interface is flawless , and is far easier to use than any other player I have tried . Also , it 's ability to act as an external hard drive could prove very useful for you . It 's FireWire connectivity makes for extremely fast downloads of songs and data , unlike many USB competitors . This is definitely the player you want . Plus , it just looks cool .
 A year and a half ago I bought Nomad jukebox , it was heavy , bulky , slow and sometimes it freeze like Windows . And the worst was that the batteries -LRB- 4AA -RRB- does n't last more than 3 hours ... But the 10 GB iPod ... It 's incredible , sounds great -LRB- it could be bettrer -RRB- , the batteries last at least 8 hours . The file transfer is very fast , and even you can use it as a portable Firewire Hard Drive , Synchronisation with Jaguar -LRB- OS X10 .2 -RRB- is very fast and easy , just plug your iPod to your Mac and thats all . It 's the BMW of MP3 , everybody looks your iPod.Don ' t waste your money buying other MP3 players .
 when apple sells the ipod for the exact same price . . unless your going to walk into the store , and actually pick it up . . apple is the place to go.as for the product , i think the 10gb is the best . the 20gb and the 5gb are too thick , and are n't as thin as the 10gb . the 10gb is a new version , which is why it 's even thinner than the other two.however , the new versions of software in the ipods all have problems . . battery life is more around 3-4 hours , rather then 10 . this is because apple decided to put in a `` clock '' into an ipod , that was n't designed to tell the time . . so what happens ? the processor takes over and really eats up the battery , just to tell time . personally , i do n't care if it tells time , that 's what i have a watch for . but we 're stuck with the option.i 'm not sure if this affects the 10gb -LRB- the new one -RRB- some have said that there is now a `` real time clock '' but who knows . if it has the same firmware as the others , and does n't have a `` real time clock '' then your going to see terrible battery life.i hope apple removes the clock . . this player is great without one .
 Incredible sound quality , only 2.4 in x 4.0 in x 0.8 in . Literally about the size of a pack of cards . Holds 1,000 + songs . Remote allows for even easier use . Also has an address book , calendar , and clock . The price may be high , but it 's a great buy .
 You will never realize how cool it is to have 2000 songs in your pocket at all times , until you have 2000 songs in your pocket at all times . I just got an iPOD for my wife -LRB- she loves it more than I do -RRB- , and we take it everywhere . We have a tape adapter in the car so gone are the days of searching for your favorite songs on the radio or fumbling around with cassettes or cds . I hooked the iPod to a pair of speakers with a subwoofer and I have a great sounding stereo system in our room . As for `` wow factor , '' every one I 've shown it to wants one -LRB- and rightfully so -RRB- . This is definately the coolest gadget I own -LRB- actually it 's my wife 's - really -RRB- . If you are looking to get a MP3 player , make the investment and go with one you will really use .
 Whoever complained about the iPod earlier now has NOTHING to say . Just recently , an update for the iPod has been released by apple , which improves the battery life problems . The iPod is now PERFECT .
 This is quite simply the best MP3 player you can buy . Unless you need more capacity , in which case buy the 20 GB version.The changes in the iPod from the last iteration are significant . It is a bit thinner , which is always nice . The carrying case and remote are great , although some might want to get a case which allows access to the control buttons and scroll wheel , if you do n't want to rely on the remote.The redesigned scroll wheel works wonderfully . It works like a laptop 's track pad , and I have not had any problems with it . An optional clicking sound gives some feedback when you 're scrolling , which I 've found helpful.The organizational abilities of iTunes allow you to deal with the thousands of songs you can upload to the player . The iPod itself organizes the songs by artist , album , song name , genre , etc. , but iTunes also gives you the option of building playlists . So if you 're in for a six-hour flight , for example , you can select the six hours of music you want to hear before you leave , synch the iPod and then press play.Speaking of synching , the Firewire connection makes it fast , even if you 're dealing with hundreds of songs . This alone makes it worth the price.I like the headphones that came with the iPod . I found the sound to be very good . I 'm not a professional musician or sound technician , so maybe I 'm missing something when some folks ding the quality of the headphones , but to these ears , it sounds better than any other personal audio device I 've ever owned . Good bass sounds , no distortion . I even heard new things in songs I thought I knew intimately.The case is prone to getting fingerprints on it , but just wipe it off with a soft cloth . It will also scratch , so try to take care of it . It is extremely durable , however , so although it may not look brand new for 10 years , it will likely still be working . More than you can say for many products.And contrary to what many say , you can turn the iPod off . All you do is hold down the play/pause button for a few seconds , and it shuts off . Otherwise , it goes to sleep and then powers down fully.All in all , this is the best MP3 player out there . It even does a few other things , like keeps track of phone numbers and calendar appointments . If you 've got the cash , get one . If you do n't have the cash , save up for it . You 'll be glad you did .
 It 's been over two months since my iPod has come in . Not since I got my first Nintendo Entertainment System back in 1987 had I had so much fun with an electronic device.This is simply the best audio device on the planet , the ability to have thousands of songs in your pocket is unbelievable . Other MP3 players that claims to be pocket sized are probably referring to cargo pants or something , my iPod has been able to fit inside every pocket in my wardrobe . Compared to any other device on the market right now the iPod stands alone in design , capability and ease of use.The main asset of this device is freedom ; I can alternate from over 200 albums , listening to Aphex twins one moment , Garbage the next , Stereolab , Portishead , the Cure , 2001 soundtrack or I can listen to customized playlists from iTunes , I have a playlist for every mood and occasion.Sound quality is great with the included earphones , the new carrying case and remote rounds out the package nicely and adds alot of value to the device . It has amazing compatibility with Apple iTunes and navigating the iPod is intuitive , I let my girlfriend 's teenage sister use it and she had a song playing in ten seconds with no instruction on how to use it.The design is quite attractive , it draws a lot of attention , and people who have little interest in music just like to hold it and look at it.The price , while high , is worth every penny . How much would you pay for a 100 CD changer ? How much would you pay for a 10 GB harddrive that fits in your pocket ? How much more for some PDA functionality and upgradable firmware . That 's how I rationalize the purchase price of this device and have no regrets.Bottom line
 Before the advent of the iPod , MP3 's were something peripheral to what I cared about . Who needs to download music and burn CD 's when you can simply purchase them from the store legitimately ? Once Apple announced the iPod , I immediately signed up to get the new flat-panel iMac . Once that came I got the iPod and converted my music collection into ~ 30gigs of memory . Now instead of trying to alphebatize my CD collection , I try to fit my most important music onto my 10gig iPod , create music lists that match any occasion or capture any mood , etc. . The iTunes software is born for freaks like me , you can create smartlists that automatically choose songs of any genre , any star rating , play count and lets you listen to it . It also updates the list everytime another song matches that category . I spend hours going through every song I own to rate it 1-5 stars , and creating playlists that automatically select groups of my rated songs . The coolest thing in the iPod is that you can play songs randomly by artist , by genre , by album , or by individual song . I almost ca n't wait for songs to end to find out what song is next . A definite necessity for anyone interested in music and finding creative methods for bringing songs that you own to life . An additional note , I just happened to buy the 10 gig two months before the 20 gig came out at the same price ! Bummer . I would walk everywhere with the ipod on and occasionally at work the earphone cord would get caught and rip out of my ears and the jack . Well , this did some damage to the lip of the jack , but the phones still worked so no problem . When they released the 20gig they also released a remote which I wanted . Because the jack was damaged , the remote would n't work and there 's no way to fix the jack . The guy at the store `` felt my pain '' and gave me a warranty part , which happened to be a brand new unit . You ca n't beat this product , nor apple as a company . Your investment will be well worth it !!!
 Quite simply , the best MP3 player out there . By now , I 'm sure you know the basic stats , so I wo n't bore with those . The truly amazing thing about the iPod is its elegance . Sure , other MP3 players cost less -LRB- ... -RRB- , and some even offer more storage space and features like an FM radio -LRB- only real omission in the iPod -RRB- . But how do they work ? The iPod is the smallest by far -LRB- I keep it clipped to my belt all day , and never really even notice ! -RRB- . Try jogging with -LSB- another brand -RSB- , and then with the iPod ; you 'll appreciate what I 'm saying . The iPod is easily used with one hand while driving , without even looking at it -LRB- thank you wheel -RRB- . The battery life is awesome -LRB- 4-5 days between charges -RRB- , and is MUCH better than most of the jukeboxes . It is just sweet synchronizing at warp speed via Firewire with my Mac -LRB- or your PC if you buy a -LSB- $ $ -RSB- firewire card -RRB- . Do n't forget , it will also store all your contacts , so you can get by without your Palm everywhere you go . Just a very slick device , fun to use !
 Pros
 I 've had this new iPod for a month now and I LOVE IT !!!! It is small , sleek and well designed . I take it everywhere with me and at the touch of a button , I have my entire library of Mp3 's at hand . I use the belt clip when I go running . When plugged into my computer , it syncs beautifully and no effort is needed . I 've had other Mp3 players in the past and this is by far THE BEST !!! It is worth every penny that I paid for it .
 If you 're looking for a MP3 player , look no further , everything else is a waste of time . Downloads in a snap , looks beautiful , works great . Ca n't say enough about the design , the headphones -LRB- which are great for ear-buds -RRB- , even the little remote and case that comes with the 10GB version.I 've already managed to use up 3.5 GBs , which comes out to about 700 songs at CD quality , and I just ca n't believe that it holds as much as it does and replaces some of the basic functions of a PDA
 The iPod gives you a truly portable music collection . It 's very small , about the size of a deck of cards , and fits easily in pockets -- even your shirt 's breast pocket . Depending on the model it can store anywhere from 1000 songs -LRB- 5GB -RRB- to 4000 songs -LRB- 20GB -RRB- . The dial/button interface is wonderful . It lets you quickly and easily access the music you 're in the mood for . It can shuffle by song or by album -- a feature I 've looked for in CD jukeboxes for years . It uses information from your computer about a song 's relative loudness to ensure that all of your songs from different albums play at a consistent volume.In addition to playing music it can synchronize itself with your address book and calendar . It also includes a version of the Breakout video game.And , I 've dropped mine a few times from a height of 2 to 4 feet onto a variety of surfaces from carpeting to concrete and it still plays and looks fine .
 I am very pleased with this purchase and with the Ipod its self . Very easy to use . I am able to take it any where I go or hook it into my home audio system.I have 123 albums -LRB- 1775 songs -RRB- on my Ipod with 36.9 MB of space left . If I had a larger music selection I would go for the 20 Gig Ipod.Overall I am very happy with this item
 Before I start , I want to say that you should definitely buy the newer ipod -LRB- it just came out yesterday -RRB- , because it is cheaper , and looks to be even better than mine -LRB- this one -RRB- . I have had the ipod for eight months now , and it is still working perfectly well , showning just how durable it is -LRB- i have put it through quite a bit -RRB- . Also , the controls are incredibly easy to learn and understand , even for the technically inept . another thing that I really like about the ipod , other than the sheer quantity of music that it holds , is the size of the screen , as well as the backlight , which is very bright . The large screen makes it wonderfully easy to see all of the information about the song . The final thing that I really love about the ipod is the fact that you canupgrade the software that it uses whenever apple comes out with a new version of the software .
 I have used these Verbatim brand 16X disks in both my DMR-EH50S Panasonic DVD Recorder -LRB- recording content from the television to its hard drive and then after editing the content , burning it to DVD media -RRB- as well as my pc computer 's NEC ND-3500AG 16X DVD burner and all I can say is how pleased I have been.These burn very very fast at 16X and I have not had any failures using them -- absolutely no errors so far!I have used other popular brands of 16X speed DVD media including Taiyo Yuden , Philips , Maxell , Memorex , TDK and while those also have burned very dependably -LRB- with a few exceptions -RRB- there is one capability I have noticed that the Verbatim brand possesses that those other brands do not . And that is I can squeeze more video and file content onto these Verbatim disks whereas with those other brands I can not ! There is a little more storage space on these ! That has made a difference at critical moments in which I needed to fit those extra few megabytes onto the same disk.I am on my third 25 disk spindle and undoubtedly will opt for the 100 disk spindle when the time comes to replenish my supply.I have decided that I wo n't use any of those other brands until either the manufacturing quality of these changes for the worse or they stop making them altogether -- I hope neither happens.Anyway , these are as near to perfection for burning video and files onto as I have been able to find and I recommend them to you heartily !
 I recently bought a Panasonic DMR-ES10 DVD Recorder which I use on a daily basis , and I bought these DVD-Rs to record movies on . I have n't had a problem yet with them , and am on my second spool . Absolutely no compatibility problems with any dvd players I 've played them in so far . I 'll continue to buy this brand , and recommend it highly .
 I 've been using Verbatim media for over 6 years and I 've never been disappointed by any of their products ! With my first 25-pack spindle , I had zero coasters and have since ordered two more from Amazon.com . These DVD-Rs are very versatile and have worked with every single computer program I 've thrown at them in addition to consistently burning at 16x . I 've burned home movies and backup copies of my retail DVDs and it goes through flawlessly each time . In my house , there are Philips , Pioneer and Panasonic dvd players and while the Philips plays everything and the Pioneer next to everything , the Panasonic is notoriously picky about the media it will read . Well ! guess what . . this DVD-R media worked without a problem ! You can save a few dollars and go with a cheaper brand if you want but if reliability and long term quality is at the top of your list , Verbatim is the only choice .
 Before purchasing these blank DVD-Rs , I picked up a cheaper brand , thinking there would n't be a noticable difference . Wrong ! Quite a few coasters , highly frustrating . It 's worth the slightly higher price not to wonder -LRB- as your DVD is burning -RRB- if the time/effort will even result in a usable product . Though no 50 pack seems to exist , a 100 pack is available .
 I use only class 1 blanks for archiving photos . Using the DVD Identifier software , these are the best disks . Many manufacturers make good disks but then get subcontractors to make runs for price competitive disks with their name . These disks are both price competitive and Class 1 .
 These DvD 's are working great in our new Samsung DVD-R player.We have made about 10 copies and I will be ordering another round soon .
 So far I 've only been using it to record movies off the television and it 's worked perfectly . I even recorded a pay per view and the quality was great . No coasters here ! I 'd reccomend these to anyone and I 'll be back for more when I finish what I purchased .
 I barely find a coaster on the Verbatim DVD-R 's . It is as par as with the Maxells , Sony 's , TDKs and RiDatas that I have used before . Try to stay away from unknown brands that is kind of a hit or miss . The thing with DVD 's or CD 's is that when you find a bad one , it seems to be bunched into the same stack as they were manufactured at the same place and at the same time . My recommendation is not to burn DVDs or CDs using the maximum speed , the chance of a bad burn tend to be much much less if you use the next slower speed indicated on the media . Same as filling up the data capacity , 4200mb seems to work best for me as filling up the DVD to the edge may become problematic .
 These DVDs are top quality as expected of all Verbatim products . All discs were used easily with zero rejects . The lightscribe media printed beautifully .
 For the price and performance , Verbatim products can seldom be beaten . Do not let the price tag fool you
 i got these dvd 's at a great price and they are very high quality . do n't regret getting them at all .
 The quality of verbatim cd 's and dvd 's are unsurpassed . I have never ever had a coaster with verbatim media . Highly recommend
 i have used up almost the first spindle of dvd 's , with no problems . i believe the shipment was fast .
 I recently installed a DVD drive in my HP Pavilion computer to augment the existing CD drive . These discs were my first trial with DVD burning . They work perfectly , and for some odd reason my drive insists on burning them at 18 X speed which still seems to work well . I 'll definitely buy this brand again . I find that when you find discs that your drive `` likes '' , it 's best to stick with them . My CD drive loves TDK discs . Go figure .
 This was my first experience with - R discs . Product produced no coasters for the whole 25 discs in the first spindle . My DVD burner did not want to burn them at anything above 4X , but I never go above 8X on Lightscribe discs anyway .
 Gone through thousands of these with not one read or write failure ! They 're a bit more expensive , but worth every penny !
 These DVD 's are really good ... I have yet to have any problems ...
 This DVD is one of the few that will work on my DVD burner . I just wish they had the 50 pack .
 Now my wife does not have to get up and go into the other room to read when I turn on the TV . This has been a Godsend .
 Bought for my elderly mom , who is hard of hearing , and watches a lot of TV . I read reviews on similar wireless headphone products , and most provided marginal performance , were prone to user frustrations/mistakes due to poor design of controls , and were difficult to recharge , particularly for elderly users . This Sony unit performs very well , even through 4 walls over 50 feet away . They may not be audiophile sound quality , but are more than adequate for TV and radio reception . Good user control placement for volume , and best of all -- automatic on/off when headphones are worn and taken off . The charging cradle is nearly fool-proof , and works beautifully . The product came with everything needed for immediate use ; even the battery was charged . There are some noticeable clicks audible as one moves around the house , and changes their orientation . However , the interruption is only momentary , typical for all wireless products , and there is no loud popping or startling volume level change , as I see reported for other wireless headphones . The battery cover has popped off a few times , and takes a little effort to reinstall , so the clip could be improved .
 Easy to use ... just put on and they turn on automatically . Drop into the cradle to charge.Easy to connect . Plug power supply into the wall and two cables into the audio out jacks of the tv .
 This product was easy to setup and the battery life seems long . The sound quality is good . The down side is the size .
 It 's so good !!!! We have a beutiful experience with the music when we hear the music in all my house where ever I walk around it .
 I am very satisfied with these headphones . I did not realize it when I purchased them , but they charge by coming in contact with the base . That means there is absolutely zero cords that you have to plug in to charge . Also , this set turns on once you put them on and auto shuts off when you take them off . One of my better amazon purchases !
 have noise , quility is good but sound not good , looks every cool , but i do n't know why i can keep hear noise by this headphone
 These are awesome headphones , I will probably buy another pair ... I get home late from work each night and my family is sleeping , and my house echoes really bad , so this is perfect thing for watching TV or playing video games if you do n't want to disturb anyone else ... When i was researching wireless headphones I noticed a few comments on this product about really bad static . I found if you switch to a different channel -LRB- 1 , 2 , or 3 -RRB- on both the charging station and on the headphones , the static instantly disappears . I do n't have any problem with these headphones and i recommend them to anyone looking to buy wireless headphones ...
 I got these so I could work at my desk without being wired to my computer monitor . I did n't want to spend a lot of money on it , since I just wanted something to drown out the outside noises while I was working ; perfect sound quality was n't necessarily my concern . This does the job , and even though I 'm no expert , I think the quality is so much better than what I thought I 'd get for the price . The sound is clear and great !
 This is an exellant product . I love it very much . No one can hear anything beside you . Easy charge . You will only need to put it on the seat and no exectly any contact point need to line up .
 I was a bit hesitant to purchase this item as some of the reviews I read were not particularly favorable . What a pleasant surprise they were . The sound is awesome , the reception great and they are so comfortable to wear . Thank you Sony for a great product .
 This item helps people with hearing problems , you can adjust the volume to your comfort level and not interfere with others . You can even mute the TV and still listen to programs . Four friends have tried out my set and ended up purchasing a set of their own . Would recommend this .
 I love this headset , the sound is good and it fits very comfortable , even thou it 's quite large.The bonus is that once you connected it to your home theater you do n't have to deal with cables again . . the cordless charging cradle works well and I have never ran out of battery since I got this headset ... as long as you remember to place the headset back in the cradle after each use you should never have a problem with a flat battery.The only cons I found is the large size and that is prone to interference when used close to my WiFi routers . . but the sound quality and comfortable fit makes up for that . .
 Just purchased the MDR-RF925RK and am very pleased with the performance.But - the manual says the red charging light on the base should go off when the battery is fully charged.I left the headset on the charge base for 36 hours and the light never went off . I checked the voltage on the battery and they were fully charged - but the charge light never turned off.I used the headphones until the battery was almost depleted , placed it on charge overnight - and after another 16 hours charge the red light will not turn off .
 So far , so good . Easy to set up , very good sound . If you 're hard of hearing , as I am , this is the produce for you . O , by the way , it 's well worth the little money it costs .
 Finally my husband can hear the television with out me yelling , -LRB- so he could hear me -RRB- TURN IT DOWN . I can turn the television so low that I can not hear it ... he has total control of the loudness within the set ... and this is fabulous . Comfortable , yes ! Sound quantity is so superior to other products . battery life , the great part of this model is that when not worn and in the battery charging cradle ... that is what they are doing , charging . SO VERY COMFORTABLE , with great ease of use.Very easy to use . -LRB- would I say these saved my sanity ? a simple YES ! -RRB-
 I love these wireless headphones ! They were a breeze to setup and a joy to use !
 The Sony Wireless Stereo Headphone System saved my sanity during TV prgrams I did ' t want to hear . My husband loves the stereo sound and no longer asks me to repeat what someone said if we are watching DVD or TV . We love this product !
 For the price this product does a great job . Plug it into your TV -LRB- etc. -RRB- headphone jack . Reduce the volume on the Sony headphones and increase the volume on the TV to at least mid level . This will eliminate the noise that some reviews complained about . Range and reception are excellent .
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- NOTE
 I recently purchased 2 of the Sony MDRRF925BK wireless stereo headphones and the main reasons I got this item was that it was simple to hook up to my stereo or MP3 player , the price was reasonable and it was wireless . When I got these headphones , I had to do a 16-hour initial battery charge for the included rechargable battery that this item uses . You can use AAA batteries also if you want to . I was going to purchase another rechargable battery for these wireless headphones , but I will probably use rechargable AAA batteries if this battery ever wears out . Recharging the included rechargable battery pack is simple as you just put the headphones back on the cradle included with these headphones and the battery pack will start charging automatically !! Installing these wireless headphones to a stereo , MP3 player or other device is fairly simply ... as long as you got a small headphone jack . But if not , you can get a conversion plug to make the standard full-sized headphone jack into a mini headphone jack at any local electronics store . Anyways , installation was easy and the headphones did indeed work as promised . Sound quality is fair , but I have to turn up the volume on the stereo a bit higher than with standard wired stereo headphones which is no big deal for me . However , when you are close to a computer , you will hear periodic `` popping '' or `` clicking '' noises as you get close to the computer . The included instructions did indicate that was a possibility of computer interference with these headphones ... so you were warned.They are pretty comfy to wear over long periods of time and overall , they are not that bad . They are more comfy than my Sony wired stereo headphones I usually use and hopefully these headphones will last quite awhile . The range is pretty decent with these headphones . I think the instruction manual indicates 150 foot range with these wireless headphones and my house is over 50 feet wide and they worked just fine , considering it 's 900 mhz technology used here.If there is any negative comments on these headphones , it would be the periodic and rather annoying `` popping '' or `` clicking '' noises you can pick up if you are fairly close to a computer.I would say for the price I paid for these headphones , I got my money 's worth ... if they last quite awhile.Overall , they are not perfect ... but I have had other wireless headphones that were more difficult to install and they did not work at all ... so since I installed/connected these Sony wireless headphones up to my compact stereo in my home office , they work pretty darn good . I give these headphones 4 of 5 stars here .
 This the the second pair I have bought . The primary resides in the living room , the second is for the guest room , where I go when my wife wants to watch something different . They really work ! Now the TV does not need to be so loud the neighbors can hear . If you have any hearing issues that prevent you from enjoying TV , consider these . As a bonus , they are RF which means you can get up and go get a beer and still hear the program . To make the deal better , the Amazon price beat the local retailers by about 30 % ! I 'll take that anyday .
 I purchased these headphones for my dad -LRB- he is 93 y/o and hard of hearing -RRB- so he would n't bother my mom . He is a little person so they did n't fit his head well and he said they were too big and bulky . I agree with him but I will use them . I have them adjusted all the way down and they are still a bit big . The sound quality is OK for TV watching . I believe the price is fair for what you get .
 I love these wireless headphones ! They work great and you can move from room to room and still hear the program . Due to the fact that the shows I like and the volume I listen to them is a huge bone of contention in our house , Their are less disagreements ! It has soothed the tiger and empowered the watcher ! Great purchase , easy to hook up and nice clear sound ! Buy it you wo n't be sorry !
 These headphones were the solution to my problem . While my wife sleeps , I can listen to my TV programs in bed at the volume I choose . There is occasional interference but overall the sound quality is very good .
 I bought these for my husband , so he could watch TV while I read . The funny thing is , that the sound quality is so good , that when we watch American Idol , he puts them on to better hear the intensity of the voices as they sing , even when I have the sound up on the TV . I am very glad I bought these . The only disappointment I have is that , when my daughter watches DVDs , we ca n't use the headphones . But , I 'll bet that is a TV problem , not a headphone problem .
 The sound is very good . The battery life is also good . The best feature is that it is RF versus infrared . IR headphones require `` line of sight '' . RF headphones can go anywhere , even into other rooms . If I 'm watching a show I can take the trash out to the curb without missing a word . I can go upstairs or in the basement too without loss of quality . The only downside is an occasional `` pop '' or very brief drop out - not enough to detract from the many other benefits.It is great if you have an open concept living area where the living room is constantly doing battle with noise from the kitchen . I bought another set for my father . He is hard of hearing ; it allows him to hear clearly without blasting out the neighbors or others watching with him . I highly recommend it .
 Recently moved into a news house and the television is right on the other side of the wall from the master bedroom . My wife and I were ready to kill each other because she wanted to sleep and I wanted to watch TV and we could n't do either . These headphones were a godsend . The signal can get a little shaky sometimes but not enough to cause any serious problems . They work great and being able to still hear the TV as I walk into other rooms of the house is pretty cool too .
 I really like these headphones , and they provide an excellent value . I am impressed with how well they transmit the signal , despite having the receiver set up behind my TV . I would caution buyers to consider the height -LRB- roughly 12 '' ? -RRB- of the headphones + receiver , they are too tall to fit inside my entertainment cabinet . But , I still really like them .
 I think these headphones are great . They are comfortable and the sound quality is excellent . I do get a little humming at higher volume levels though . They do look kind of `` dorky '' on your head . If anybody has trouble getting the headphones in the proper position to charge them they are not very intelligent ...
 I am very pleased with the product . It has great responce in all frequencies . Even thought the Bass is not as clear and full as others , it makes up for it in other parts or Hz . with the exception clarity . I understand that it operates on the primace of that like a 900mz cordless phone , I do have a occasion problem with the reception being just 10 feet away from the sender . Although with a slight shift of the head or the headset it seems to take care of that . The one thin I am really bothered about is that it was not adaptable to RCA out from stereo to adapt to the apply to the headphone jack . This could allow us to keep the base unit closer to the user and not have to constantly get up an plug or unplug the unit when we wanted to use it , thus it would be always in reach.Thanks Tim Mosley
 This unit are very comfortable to use for many hours and provide a excellent sound quality , most of time . The wireless range is good for small houses or apartments . The charge base is amazing and works perfectly.The only problem I found that with it , is that frequently i hear interference noise , but it 's probably caused by some other devices working at the same frequency .
 My first pair lasted for years so when the battery finally wore out and the headpieces were a little worse for wear I was thrilled to find them online . Since I am a little hard of hearing they are a heaven-sent for hearing the TV clearly . Also , I have these wonderfully noicy singing Coqui frogs which can be thankfully excluded from my TV evenings with these headphones .
 works well , i can now ilsten and not get yelled out because the TV is too loud ; a bit cluncky but very comfortable
 I first learned about this product at work . I knew that they worked well . I bought them for my housemate who is has moderate to profound hearing loss and wears hearing aids . She LOVES them . She never takes them off.Thank you .
 This worked so well I convinced our church to purchase 7 for our hearing impaired people . Excellent purchase such that I can now hear programs without outside interference . They improved my quality of life as I am hearing deficient .
 These work great and seem to have a good range . They are a bit big -LRB- and so is the charger -RRB- , so you look a bit retro while wearing them , but if looks are n't a concern then I recommend purchasing these headphones .
 Love these headphones . They work great and sound very clear . I got them for my husband so he could watch movies and play video games at night when I 'm asleep and I dont get woken up and he can still listen to them loud . We both love them .
 Amazing !! i got it as a gift for my dad and now im going to have to get myself some !!
 I purchased these for my father to use with his computer . They were easy to set up , and he says they work great . I like that they are wireless , so there is no cord to trip over .
 Love this . I do have a problem matching the small white arrow to the base unit for charging . It is difficult to see .
 I write software and have headphones on for about 7 out of the 8 hours in a day . My old wired sonys broke and I was looking for a pair of wireless.So I tried a pair of sennheiser 120 's from a friend before deciding on the Sonys . The Sennheiser had almost no interference at all , but the sound quality was compressed , they were uncomfortable and slid around on my head.These Sony 's sound great , are very comfortable and stay put on my head . But , in between songs you can hear a bit of static . Not much , its not bad , but compared to wired headphones or the sennheiser its quite a bit . For me its livable , because I know that wireless products just have interference , and while a song is playing I do n't hear it.We have a large volume of wireless equipment at my office -LRB- more than a normal company because we do handheld development -RRB- , so I am expecting this to be about the worst case scenario and I can live with it .
 THIS PRODUCT IS A REAL PEACE MAKER , NO MORE SHOUTING ABOVE THE VOLUME , AND NO MORE CRYING TO TURN THE VOLUME DOWN ON THE TV . PLUS IT IS A QUALITY HEARING DEVICE FOR THE HEARING IMPAIRED . VERY EASY TO INSTALL .
 I 've been using a pair of Sony MDR-RF925RK phones for about a year after giving up on Sennheiser phones that had great sound but severe problems with drop out . The sound is very good -LRB- though not `` audiophile '' quality -RRB- , there is very little problem with dropout , and hissing is less than with any of the previous phones I have used . They are comfortable and the controls are easy to use . Someone at Sony realized that the volume control should n't be positioned so that you ca n't rest the back of your head against a pillow . They need recharging more frequently than previous RF phones I have used , but the recharger cradle is easy to use so recharging is not a nuisance . Bottom line
 i got these as a Christmas present for my hearing impaired grand father . needless to say he wont use them . the fact of the matter is that they are just to bulky and not comfortable to him . the product worked great even through walls but just to big for him
 Both me and my wife had trouble understanding what was said in some tv movies . These headphones solved that problem for us .
 This headest works better than I expected . I 'd never used any prior to these and I can hear the stereo sound from my TV that I never noticed before . I can even watch without captioning , as the clarity is superior . Plus , I can watch without disturbing others in the house . I can wear them when I step away from the TV and not mis dialogue . Reception is surprisingly good .
 Very Good Headphones for the price . Good sound and great range . Work great in my Dorm room allowing me to move around while still listening to my music .
 As good as any I have used . . and that is a few . Great range and very comfortable to wear.The ear pieces DO cover your ears to lock out outside noise but also can have someone sneak up on you as you listen.Wireless recharging works well , just no easy way to see which way the headphones sit on the charger/base unit.Very pleased !
 Dad had been using TVEars which operate using near IR transmission . His new LCD TV was putting out IR in the range used by the TVEears . The Sony MDR works great for him even when he goes outside !
 Its just fantastic!the cuality of the sound is great and i can walk to other rooms with it without loosing that much sound .
 the headphones are mainly for a family member who is a bit hard of hearing , especially on deep tones.these headphones have solved that problem and in fact our son likes to use them on his video games . the sound is very good . we are very satisfied and they were a very good price as opposed to the very same ones at sears .
 This set of headphones was easy to ` install ' and is very easy to use . Peace has been returned to my parent 's house ... dad no longer has to have the TV so loud the whole neighborhood can hear it 's noise !
 NO more laying awake in bed listening to the ball game ! Now my husband can enjoy his late night sports and I can get some sleep ! He says the sound is very clear , and you can adjust for static if necessary . I should have bought these headphones 10 years ago ! Great investment !
 I bought my dad two pair because he never takes them off his head so while one is charging he wears the other one . This item was shipped to us fast and at a great price . Thank you !
 MySony MDR-RF925RK 900 MHz Analog RF Wireless Headphonearrived today from Amazon , and I am very pleased with what I received . I wanted the headphones to use with my TV so that the sound does not bother others in my home . It took only a few minutes to hook up the base to my cable receiver and get everything working together.The packaging provided a lot of protection for the contents . The outer box had a little damage , but there was no damage inside the box . The headphones and other components were packaged in `` eggshell '' type packaging to prevent damage from vibration , so the inner contents of the package were thoroughly protected.Regarding sound quality there is generally a little hiss , but not enough to hear when listening to people speaking on the TV . -LRB- It might degrade music quality , but even there it would be minimal . -RRB- The package contains these components : * 1 Wireless headphones unit . * 1 Wireless transmitter/recharge base . * 1 Power supply for the base unit . * 1 Rechargeable battery for the headphones . * 11/8 '' phono-plug to stereo RCA plugs connector . * 1 Documentation.According to the documentation the rechargeable battery needs to be charged on the base for 16 hours before first use . One reason for the lengthy charge time is that the base charges the batteries using magnetic induction rather than requiring electrical contacts . I like the concept , but a 16 hour charge time seems excessive to me . If the batteries needed recharging on a Friday night at 10 , it would not be ready for use until 4 o'clock Saturday afternoon . Regular AAA batteries can be used , but the battery has to be charged within the headphones , so you ca n't charge the battery while using the headphones with ordinary batteries . That 's the only drawback that I can see with the headphones however , and not a great one . Regular batteries are supposed to give about 28 hours of use depending on the type of batteries used.The earphone cups are very comfortable . I have large ears so it is hard for me to find headphones that do n't press down on the top or bottom of my ears , so those headphones become uncomfortable after a short time . The cups on the Sony headphones are large and deep so there is little pressure on the ears.I needed only a few minutes to install the base . I simply put the base near my cable tuner , and used the audio cord that came with the headphones to connect to the audio outputs of the tuner to the base . The base has both RCA inputs and a 1/8 '' phono plug input , so the cord that has the opposite gender connectors on its ends can be used for most hookups . Of course you have to attach and plug the power supply into the 120 , but that 's about it unless you need to select a different channel to avoid a noisy channel . -LRB- I did n't have to do that . -RRB- The system has three channels to choose from.All in all I can gladly recommend this product.Pros : * Comfortable earphone cups . * Good audio quality with just a little noise . * Excellent price.Cons : * Sony rechargeable battery not available generally . Must be ordered from Sony . The charger will not work with other rechargeable . * Recharge time is lengthy ; 16 hours .
 I have been wanting some stereo wireless headphones for a couple of years now , but everytime I read reviews here on amazon I decided that they just were n't worth having . It seemed best to just stick with my Sentry mono headphones which have served me pretty well over the years . I finally reached a point where I needed another set that operated at a different frequency so that we could have two independent units in the house , so I had to buy something else.I have a lot of issues with Sony and I avoid their products whenever possible , but in this case it was down to Sennheiser and Sony . The cons for the Sennheiser 120 's were numerous
 I almost did n't buy these headphones due to negative reviews but am so very happy I did . I use a treadmill early in the morning and like to watch TV but need the sound WAY up to hear over the noise of the treadmill which is disturbing to my sleeping husband . I looked at all available wireless headphones and I 'm sure many would have worked but kept going back to these . I finally just decided to bite the bullet and get them - hoping the negative reviews were not true.Once they arrived , they were so easy to charge , so easy to connect to the TV , so easy to listen to - ONCE I REMEMBERED THE REVIEWS WHICH SAID TURN UP TV VOLUME and so easy to place back in the charging unit . There are occasional popping noises but they 're not often and they do n't bother me.I have had no hissing noises as some reviewers described . If I could , I 'd give this produce at 4.5 due to the popping noise but I am so happy with the headphones and how they work for ME , I 'm giving them a 5 .
 I needed a way to enjoy TV and radio at odd hours without disturbing others.Wired headphones were out of the question because I did n't need any more cables to trip over and restrict my movement . Infrareds only work within line-of-sight . I 'd been searching online for months for a reasonably-priced pair , and this was it.They come with rechargeable batteries , but you can use regular ones if you ever need to . The transmitter cradle doubles as a charger when you 're not listening to anything . Could n't be easier.With this , I no longer have to miss any audio when nature calls , or if I want to go fix a snack . If one frequency is being interfered with , you can switch to either of two other ones . The headset has it 's own built-in volume control , too.They automatically turn off when they sense no audio being broadcast to them , which saves battery power . They also switch off when you take them off.They are comfortable to wear , and the audio quality suits me fine.The transmitter connects to your audio source via an included cable that is mini plug on one end to two RCA phono plugs on the other . Since the transmitter has both kinds of inputs , you can flip this cable to accommodate your audio source 's output.Been using it for a month and a half now . I 'm very happy with it . : - -RRB-
 Bought it to replace an old RCA wireless.The sound is better by orders of magnitude.I take off my hearing aids and listen to a crisp sound.Love how it sits in it 's cradle to recharge and the auto shutoff when placed horizontally . BUY IT !!!
 I have this hooked up in my main living room , and it 's connected to my Television set . I bought this because I watch tv late night and other people in the house were complaing that they could not sleep as they could hear the tv . Everything about this product is great.Just one down side . If you are watching a movie , take breaks with the headset , as it heats up your ears . Also clean the ear peice as sweat builds up . It does get hot .
 the headphones are great day really met my needs they worship timely and received in a good condition now I can watch programs at the volume I enjoy
 My husband is almost deaf and watches a lot of television . I do not . He would keep the volumn up loud enough to wake the dead . Self preservation lead me to buy the Sony headphones . Once again , peace reigns in the Cooke household .
 These are great . They work just as advertised . I also like the way they charge rather than plugging them in I just set them on the charger , and they last for a long time .
 Purchased these for my father who was having some problem hearing the TV , and would keep my mother awake with the loud TV volume . Problem resolved ! Work great , rechargeable , easy set up . Great value !
 ... they sound pretty good , and best of all I do n't have to jog the volume up and down to hear the movie without disturbing the daytime people . But be aware - it 's 900hz stereo/analog and there is some static esp if you 're trying to surf the net while watching TV .
 This is perfect for a late night partner that likes to watch recorded shows while I try to sleep . Now she can do that and not disturb me . Very good sound quality , range and function .
 Love these , only problem is a bit of static once in a while but they work well.Three more words .
 Bought for my mother that was hearing impaired and allowed us to watch TV at regular volume while she was able to hear it at a higher volume . Works great .
 I bought these for a friend in a nursing home . She is in a double room where the TVs are right next to each other . She said the quality of sound is excellent and the headphones shield all other sound . She is very very happy . So am I.
 Get it while you still can ! These Sony headphones are terrific ! This unit has been replaced in the Sony line up by a newer model . And while the newer model is excellent , this unit -LRB- Sony MDR-RF925RK -RRB- has features that may appeal to some discriminating users
 This product worked much better than the RCA one . It charges very easily through electromagnetic induction , and it turns on once it is placed over your head . The stand is very sleek and nice with less cords than other models . There is some static but overall for the price it is an excellent buy
 I love these headphones but I think that Sony let me down alittle . Do n't gets wrong I love love love Sony and it 's a great company , but these have a couple little things that annoy me ! Number one is that there is a hiss in the background , I read reviews about people saying there is a deafening hiss !!!! They are overdramatic , it 's a very slight hiss that for the most part you ca n't hear unless there is barely any sound going through the headphones . I understand that they are wireless and that is natural but I never expected to hear it less than 6 feet away from the base ! Secondly the head phones are very finicky on when they want to turn on ! Almost everytime I put them on I have to unplug the base from it 's power supply and then plug it back in , then they work fine . This is just very annoying ! Overall I still say these are great haadphones well worth the money and they wo n't let you down ! I got these because I work nights and when I get home I relax with some movies or tv and do n't wan na wake up my roomies ! Sony is an excellent company and if you ever had any trouble with any of their products I 'm site they would be happy to help you out !! I do not work for Sony I 'm just sick of certain people being jackasses to companies because they got a defective device ! Most companies will send you a new whatever it is if you tell them what happened nicely !
 Be careful if you but more than one -LRB- for different rooms/TV 's * -RRB- . Even with the 3 channel selector , sometimes we have to experiment with differing channel settings to keep one from bleeding over to the other ... even After we Think we have it `` all figured out '' , set up correctly , sometimes we have to Re-Do the process . Also be aware of the frequency band of your wireless Telephone * , router , etc. . IF any of these are in the 800-900 mhz band ... or the frequency band of Any brand `` wireless '' item for that matter , they can interfer with each other -LRB- wireless phone will cause static/noise in headphones * -RRB- . May have to re-orient/re-organize where your wireless accessories are placed * .
 Daughter killed a spider with the last pair , so I bought the newer version - upgraded clarity and quality ! I like that the signal travels through walls now . Would definitely recommend .
 This is the second set of Sony headphones I have and the first ones lasted a long time and were still working but some problems and only one battery replacement . I get a little cracking on occasions but it may be something electrical in my home rather than the headset . Both sets do the same thing . I would recommend these to a friend .
 The headset is Super . Sound is great and the battery life meets all of my requirements . What I like best is I can shut off the volume of the TV and still hear it on the headset as loud as I wish . Oh , and I can go up and down 2 flights of stairs without losing sound . Truly a great product
 My hearing loss in the mid-range has reached the point where I can no longer understand what is being said on television . I have been driving my wife crazy asking her to explain the action or repeat what had just been said . I have tried wireless headphones with some success in the past . But they were uncomfortable and the sound was distorted . The Sony phone have been a miracle . They fit firmly blocking outside noise but are extremely comfortable . Best yet the sound quality is excellent . I also like the fact that they can be re-charged in the supplied cradle . I have another remote phone that requires batteries and I have stopped using it as the battery consumption is excessive .
 We purchased the headphones for his father 's day gift . We just visited him and he says they are fantastic . Even wearing a hearing aid these days , he hears sounds he has n't heard in years with these headphones . He claims he can sit out on his patio far from the TV and still hear perfectly fine .
 A little bulky but excellent performers ! I use while working out while famy sleeps - running on tread , spinning , and elliptical .
 Product is very good . The sound quality is outstanding , but occasionally there is light static . I would buy this product again . Great product for the price .
 I am very pleased with the Sony MDR-RF925RK wireless headphone , I had a Sony that I used for years and this is an updated replacement for the worn out one .
 I have a hearing problem . Been using a more expensive -LRB- cost twice as much as the Sony -RRB- 900 MHz wireless headphones -LRB- Radioshack -RRB- for the last 8 years.The Sony wireless are MUCH better ! The range is outstanding . I have a large 2 level home , can walk all over the home without any static . Sound quality is very good wired direct to the HDTV . Love the auto switch and no cable to plug hookup to charge the batteries . Just set the headset on the stand ... now that 's neat ! And the batteries will last longer than I care to use them . Great product for the cost , I should have had them before now.Only one complaint ... some times I hear a loud sharp click or crack . Some nights it never happens , some times it will happen 3 or 4 times in a row . Otherwise would have rated them a 5 .
 This is exactly what I needed for my Spouse to use while I was sleeping in the early hours . She can watch what ever she would like with out disturbing me . Works well . Almost a great surround sound feel individually . Nice produce for the price !! Just a little buzz of static in low volumes ... 900mhz thats why !
 These headphones are great , I love them . I wear them all day at work and I forget I have them on because they are so comfortable . The reception is good at short range , which is all I use them for . The only drawback is that they take a couple second to turn on at first , but that 's not a big deal . I would definitely recommend these headphones.I had previously purchased the Acoustic Research wireless headphones and they not only had poor reception , even at close range , but they stopped charging after only three weeks of use . I returned them and got these headphones instead ... a good trade .
 The reception is good for RF wireless headphones . I use mine on my days off all around the house , inside in out . They are very comfortable as they rest around your ears not on them . they also have an automatic switch on the head band that turns them off when you take the head phones off . This is hand down the best 60 dollars I have spent.On the flip side the battery cover pops off easily . Something to think about if you like to listen to music while you sleep .
 These wireless headsets are great . Able to keep TV volume down so as not to bother others . Extremely good stereo sound .
 As a former submarine sonar tech . I know something about headsets . I 'll tell you that you can wear these headsets for hours without discomfort . In their price range the sound quality is quite acceptable , actually not bad at all ! The only beef -LRB- s -RRB- I have is -LRB- are -RRB- minor all thing considered ... I get a bit of RF interference at the extreme range of headset ... And oh yea , the batteries do n't come charged ! : /
 My husband uses them in our bedroom . He has a hearing problem and these work great . They have a great sound and are very comfortable . I can now sleep without the TV blasting .
 I also have Sennheiser headphones and think that the sound quality was better with them but it had a defect -LRB- occasional very loud popping in one ear -RRB- and is currently in for warrantee repair . The Sony is a little too large for my head so tend to slip down when at their smallest setting and no , I do n't have a particularly small head . I do like that these have a charger and it works just great as long as you pay attention that the charging light is on before you walk away . It sometimes requires a little adjustment to get them charging . I use these for TV viewing and they definitely help to make the words understandable . I do n't watch a lot of TV so sometimes can go for several days before they need charging .
 I have been using wireless headsets for TV viewing for years . This is by far the best , in terms of quality and comfort . And the price is significantly less than the last two brands .
 For the price the headphones are pretty good . I do occasionally get some static in the headphones but not continuous . No big complaints . Great for watching TV , but would not use them for critical listening of hi-fi audio .
 After a week of use I 'm pleased with the performance of these headphones , purchased from Amazon and delivered in two days using Amazon Prime . Sound quality is fine , they fit comfortably , and there has n't been a problem with the conduction -LRB- induction ? -RRB- charging system . No problems with interference or fading signal , but then I only use them in front of the TV . They turned out to be bulkier and heavier than I expected , but then I should 've paid more attention to the specs . Also , I 'm spoiled after having some great Sony lightweight rechargeable headphones -LRB- MDR-IF5K , no longer available -RRB- that have lasted nineteen years so far , with the original battery . -LRB- Another pair , same model , gave up after fifteen years . -RRB- But then they 're infrared , with a narrow transmit band , not like my new ones which cover a broad spectrum .
 Having the ability to stay quite at night so the wife can sleep is important to a happy marriage . I have used wireless headphones for the TV/DVD for the last 10 years . The last 3 years I have been looking for a replacement set that was comfortable and worked as advertised . For the first time there is a pair that ALL in the house are smiling about . I have a 10 and 14 year old along with the wife and I and the Sony 925 fits us all in a comfortable self-sizing manner . They automatically turn on/off when you place them on/off your head . This saves the charge in the headset and so far -LRB- 1 week after purchase -RRB- has been able to fulfill all of my needs for maintaining its charge as it was still going strong when I placed it back in the self-charging base unit after 12 hours . Setup was a piece of cake with the ability to use as a dual jack -LRB- stereo hook up -RRB- or it comes with the single jack adapter for those who still have a TV with only a earphone jack . Since I have the newer TV with the audio outputs I have no issues with volume that some have complained about . Yet I have owned the other setup that some have talked about and I agree that you only have to raise the volume on the TV for its amplifier to give you the desired volume in the headphones . So after returning 3 other models before this purchase was made , I have a new pair of wireless headphones that I expect to be using the next 10 years . Happy Listening !
 This is my second pair of headphones . I m loosing the hearing in my right ear , so I use these to clarify speech . Watching TV is so much more pleasurable with these headphones and my husband does n't have to tell me to turn down the sound because it 's too loud . Love these earphones .
 I have had this head set for a couple of months , and I could n't be more pleased , especially since my hearing is n't that great , I have Tynitus in my right ear and it makes hearing things clearly difficult . I tried TV EARS before and it 's a good product , but no where near as good as these . I read the reviews that were available at the time I was looking for headphones for my TV -LRB- 53 '' Mitsubishi/DLB , 7 yrs old -RRB- and the complaints were about crackel and popping , hissing and the positioning of the volume control . I find the clearness of the sound exceptional -LRB- stereo not surround sound -RRB- , but clear . Yes the set will crackle once and awhile but that seems to happen when the it 's not placed all the way on your head and you move around to much . I get no hissing unless I walk out of range from the base set , witch is hard to do , I can walk in every room in my house and hear clearly -LRB- 2000 sq ft home -RRB- . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars , is because of the position of the volume control . It seems to me , if it was more to the top and a little easier to find , it would be better . When all said and done , this product is well priced , comfortable and easy to use . Just follow the instructions that come with it , and I believe anyone will be pleased .
 I purchased these for my mom and they are fantastic ! She loves them and says they are very comfortable and have a very good and clear sound . In fact we purchased two of them , one for Florida condo and one for back home in Canada . I would highly recommend them .
 I love mine . I can bearly hear but the ear phones work great for me . Had them for a couple years now , no problems
 This is a great headset . It is not heavy like most . Got it for my hubby so I can sleep while he watches tv . Works great . No wires to trip over and no switches to shut off . Turns on and off by it 's self .
 As the wife who wants to fall asleep WITHOUT listening to the T.V. - I hightly recommend these headphones . I can not hear a thing while my husband watches t.v. with these on !
 My husband bought these . They area so wonderful . Since he 's blind he listens to TV . He also has hearing loss . We no longer have to have to volumn at 50 so he can hear . Now everyone is enjoying TV more !
 These are for my 90-year-old Dad . The tv just is n't loud enough for him to hear and understand what 's going on . He is very pleased with how these make the dialogue much clearer and enable him to enjoy tv again!I felt they were a little lacking in high end response , but they are n't for me!Rechargeable battery is a nice touch and the headband is the on-off switch so you ca n't forget to turn them off when you 're through . Good value .
 Many years of power tools and lack of proper safety equipment have dulled my father 's hearing range . I personally think it 's my mom 's voice he 's just learned to tune out . Whatever the case , when watching TV he usually needs it louder than is comfortable in the evening by moms . So for father 's day , I got him these headphones and hooked them up for him . So far , he loves them ! Easy to operate -LRB- not to many buttons or features -RRB- and clear as a bell , they are exactly what we needed for him to relax and watch TV , even late at night when moms goes to bed.Been using it for a couple of weeks now with no issues .
 These Sony wireless headphones are great . They turn on when you put them on your head and turn off when you take them off and are comfortable . The sound is very clear and I 'm hard of hearing . The only negative is the are a little bulky and pricey . I do recommend them .
 This product is in keeping with all Sony products . Great shape , very comfortable , easy to use . Great signal , great sound . I can listen to TV without disturbing people on their PC , Phone , playing games . I can crank the volume up at night while people are in bed . I am very pleased .
 I ca n't believe that I have n't found reviews for this product ! I got a system so my wife could listen to the TV while watching in bed and not have the sound disturb others . I got this one because -1 - it is RF as opposed to infrared so if she goes into another room she can still hear the sound , -2 - has `` drop-in '' inductive charging of the rechargeable batteries as opposed to teeny-tiny contacts , -3 - is from a well-known manufacturer as opposed to some off-brand , -4 - it had switch-able frequencies to diminish the chance of interference with other 900MHz devices -LRB- I had to look at Sony 's website for that -RRB- , -5 - the price is reasonable because of the quality reputation of Sony , and -6 - it was available from -LSB- ... -RSB- as opposed to some fly-by night company.I was very pleased to find that it had arrived with the right cable -LRB- mini stereo to RCA L&R ; plugs -RRB- AND it works with devices that have RCA jacks OR mini stereo jacks because the transmitter has both types ! We are fortunate that the TV has a headphone jack -LRB- unusual for the size of the tube -RRB- and it cuts off the TV speaker.The sound in the headphones is amazing - so much better than sound from the speakers in any of the TVs in the house . I may get some of these instead of a surround-sound system for the family room .
 These Sony headphones are my fourth try with wireless headphones , and these Sonys are the best so far . My first wireless headphones were IR based -LRB- infrared -RRB- , which left me totally underwhelmed in terms of sound quality and line-of-sight range . My next phones were Sony 's older 900Mhz RF model , which I used regularly for at least three years until last week . These new RF925RK headsets are like awesome compared to the older Sony set . There is little or no background noise -LRB- dead quiet -RRB- , and the ear pads are larger so they completely cover the ears . In fact , the inner ear pads are ergonomically profiled to fit over the ear -LRB- asymmetrical - left and right are different -RRB- . The new Sony uses an induction charging base , which sure beats the heck out of the previous method of lining up those tiny contact pins -- always a hassle . Sound fidelity is not my principal concern , as I am not an audiophile , but clarity and richness is appreciated . These Sony phones sound terrific ! Oh , one other thing . I ca n't stress enough how important it is that Sony wireless Rf phones turn themselves off automatically when you removed them from your head . Also , the Sony rechargable AAA batteries can be replaced with regular Alkaline AAAs in a in case you forget to charge-up these phones .
 Having a hearing loss we had to keep the T V louder than normal . This solved the problem as the family can listen to the T V at normal level , and I can hear with the wireless headphones . And they are glad that I no longer ask , `` what did they say ? `` The reception quality is good , and walking to different rooms , I did not loose reception.I hooked the transmitter to the T V using the extra audio jacket on the T V . This way the T V sound stays on . This was not in the hook up information instructions . If you hook the receiver to the phone jack , it disables the T V speakers.A connecting cord -LRB- phone plug , stereo miniplug -RRB- comes with it . I bought an extra one . That way I plugged the connecting cord into the headset jack on the radio , and the other one into headset jack on the receiver of the headless phone . This way I can leave the transmitter -LRB- which holds the headset also -RRB- in one spot . If both the radio and TV are on at the same time , you can just disconnet one , otherwise when listening to only one , you just pick up the headset , and it turns on automatically , and you do n't have to do anything.For the price , it ca n't be beat .
 After reading some of the negative reviews I easily discovered the problems were from most of the reviewers , not these earphones . The most common , `` Crackling & popping '' . Reading the positive reviews I learned to resolve that you simply lower the headphones volume & increase the sources ' volume -LRB- Surround sound receiver , Tv , Ipod etc. -RRB- & no hissing,popping-just complete silence when there 's no sound production & perfectly balanced , full & crystal clear sound when there is . After returning many wireless headphones through the years , the most recent a Sennheiser 140.00 pair , I decided to try these based on how cool the setup is & the features . The cloth earpads are absolutely perfect & the 1st pair I can wear for hours without my ears getting numb & sweaty . The self adjusting headband is brilliant , just put them on your head & that 's it , they 're set perfectly . Sounds as good as my 2500.00 surround sound system , which I source out of , of course . But even from my TV they sound awesome . The charger light goes off when fully charged , they turn off automatically when I take them off as long as you do n't put any pressure on the headband which has the on/off built in . If I have 1 complaint it would be a bit of lack of bass , but that 's common in most inexpensive headphones , under 200.00 You can also use your own aaa batteries if the battery pack dies during use , then charge when not in use . But if you simply place them into the charger after you 're done using they 'll be fine as they can not be overcharged . The charger has a built in timer & shuts off when battery pack is full . Worth much more than I paid & all I can add is `` FINALLY-Gr8 WIRELESS Headphones '' !!!
 The operating instructions included for this model is for both theSony MDR-RF925RK 900 MHz Analog RF Wireless Headphoneand theSony MDRRF970RK 900 MHz Analog RF Wireless Headphone . These are similar units with some differences mentioned below . This review will be for both models because after purchasing the MDR-RF925RK , I decided to order the MDR-RF970RK to see if it was worth the extra money for the noise reduction technology . In the final analysis , I prefer the 925 . Some consumers complain about some hiss or pops . I have experienced this also , but much of this is inherent with all 900 Mhz systems . I do get more `` pops '' than other systems , probably because of the auto on/off switch mechanism in the headset , but the pops are not real frequent so it is not a big problem for me . My primary use is for listening to television when other family members want it quiet . I do not find the hiss or pops to be a very big problem . Usually hiss goes away by tilting ones head a little or repositioning on the couch . The hiss is more of a problem when the audio is quiet . I have need for three or more headsets and find it too cost prohibitive to purchase higher end headsets that might cost more than $ 200 each . So for my needs , these headphones are adequate , despite occaisional problems with hiss or pops.These headphones are very nice looking and fit nicely into their base for charging . The charging system uses a contactless method of charging , Electromagnetic Induction . There are two arrows , one on the headset and one on the base , that are suppose to be aligned for charging . It is hardly necessary to look at them because the headset drops nicely into the base and lines up pretty much automatically . A red light on the base comes on if the headset is placed properly and charging . Nice.When the headset is fully charged , the red light goes off . When the headset is removed , the light comes on green instead of red to indicate that it has power for transmitting.The headset comes on automatically when the headset is placed on the head . When the headset is removed , it automatically turns on . A small red light on the headset comes on when the headset is on . I found this mechanism to be fine . I never had problems with the headsets not turning on or off as designed . However , this design combined with another feature wherein the base automatically turns off when audio has been off for more than 10 minutes created a little bit of annoyance . There would be a little delay in the base detecting the audio signal and kicking on . So , when the headset is first placed on my head , it would initially seem like it was not working . After about 5 seconds of just leaving the headset on my head , it would kick on and I would realize it was fine . The first few times , I pulled the headset off to look at it , forgetting that doing so would cause it to turn off . I am kind of use to it now , but at first it was a little annoying.The base has two different inputs
 I previously had the Senheiser brand of wireless headphone but these are much clearer , and overall , much better . Highly recommended .
 The installation is simple even with newer flatscreen TV 's and the sound reproduction is superb . Volume control from the headset allows for others watching a program to adjust the TV volume to their preferences .
 Very well-thought design , everything looks better than I 'd expect at this price . Easy to use - just insert the batteries , connect cables , and charge . Sound quality is reasonable when used in same room . Hissing is audible though - that 's why minus one star . Then , if going to another room , sound quality deteriorates quickly . Bonus point
 Ordered two , one for home and one for cabin . So far one works pretty good . Like the easiness of charging plus the sound is pretty good too . Have n't tried the 2nd one , but am sure it will be just fine . Do n't forget to get batteries out of box and place in headphone . I did n't see the batteries and thought at first that the set did n't work . A previous set I had , had already installed them , so figured these would be too . All worked out fine when I realized what I had done .
 My wife and I really love these headphones . They were easy to connect and are easy to use . Great sound . Some systems may require an accessory plug not included with set .
 I picked these up because my girlfriend works from home and we are on very different schedules , so I needed something that would allow me to watch TV without having the sound too low . I broke them out of the box and immediately came upon an unexpected problem - my TV and theater system lack analog outputs . Only the Blue-Ray player was an option . Grrrr . I was ready to ship them right back , but decided to see if I could make them work for me . Without resorting to added hardware -LRB- like a digital-analog converter -RRB- , I settled for just using them with my PC for online movies and DVDs for the time being . After charging the battery for about 16 hours , I threw in a DVD and was pleasantly surprised at the sound quality . I did experience just a bit of `` hiss '' during quiet parts of the movie , but slightly backing down the volume on the headphones made it disappear . If you happen to have a TV with analog -LRB- RCA plug -RRB- output , I can definitely recommend these headphones . You will likely have to purchase a `` Y '' adapter cord though -LRB- at a cost of about $ 4.00 or so -RRB- . Check your available plugs before ordering . If your TV/theater system lacks analog outputs , I suggest that you shop for a different set of headphones.Overall , this product is a very good value at $ 50.00 . The headset is comfortable , the sound quality is much better than I expected , and the the price is about as much as I 'm willing to spend . For comparison , I happened to be shopping at my local Best Buy yesterday and these things were $ 99.00 .
 This is the second one I bought . Now both my wife and I can hear the TV much better . Even though there is good bass on this headphone , I can hear the voices with my substantial high frequency loss . I the headphones without my hearing aids but they are large enough to go over my ears and my behind-the-ear hearing aids . The earphone cups do not sit on the ear but go completely around the ear.We keep the two base units behind the flat panel TV and love the ease of just setting the headphones in the cradle to charge . Could n't be easier.I purchased a RCA red/white audio cable with piggy back plugs so we can run audio to both base units from the single source . I am using the red/white wires of an old 3 wire video cable for the second unit.As our TV does not have audio output , so we are running the headphones directly off a LG Smart TV Blu-ray player streaming Netflix and Amazon Prime . The player hooks up to the flat panel with HDMI leaving the single red/white audio outputs on the player for the headsets .
 I do n't often write reviews . In fact , this is the first I can recall . I felt obligated to write this one though because of the quality of this product . From the design , to the hardware , to the technical capabilities , these headphones do it all . They stop charging themselves when they are full , they still allow sound to be played through the TV for other watchers while you use the headphones . From start to finish , they are great . I highly recommend them , as they fulfill all of the needs for which I purchased them .
 QUE BUENO QUE PUDE ADQUIRIR ESTOS AUDIFONOS QUE EN VENEZUELA SON DIFICILES DE CONSEGUIR , EL PRECIO EN AMAZON ES OTRO PUNTO A FAVOR , SI NO DESEAS GASTAR MAS DINERO POR UNOS AUDIFONOS ES MUY BUENA OPCION , SI PRESENTAN UN POCO DE ESTATICA PERO NADA PARA MORIRSE . CREO QUE PUEDES CONFIAR EN ESTA MARCA Y EN EL SEVICIO DE AMAZON .
 I purchased these headphones for my husband who has a severe hearing problem . He already had one pair but needed another for a different TV in a bedroom . He likes them very much as they turn on automatically and are very clear . I like them because the TV sound can be as low as possible and not disturb me even though he can adjust the sound as loud as is necessary for him to hear .
 We bought this for my 89 year old father who lives with us . We could n't stand to listen to another 40 year old game show rerun on a daily basis . This brought peace and quiet back to our home !
 This is the best thing I 've ever heard of . My mother needs the TV to be loud . This she can wear and hear everything very clearly and I do n't have to hear the TV from the other end of the house . They are comfortable . I 've worn them myself . They are very easy to hook up .
 I bought these for my sister for Christmas . We live in a 1 bedroom + loft condo . Her bedroom is the loft and when we try to watch 2 different TV 's at the same time , it can be rather obnoxious since we can hear each others shows . I was n't sure which earphones out of the 100 's to get her . But I like Sony & after reading all the reviews I settled on these . She loves them !!! -LRB- and she 's a bit of a techie & can be VERY particular -RRB- .
 I hooked these up to a tv in our spare bedroom so one could watch without disturbing the others . The sound is great and the are very light on your head once you are used to wearing the headphone set
 The sound is fantastic from these headphones . One of the earpieces started coming off and I had to glue it back on , but other than that it is a bargain !!
 Could n't be any happier with these earphones . It has literally turned my TV viewing and listening around . I am a little hard of hearing and no matter what program I am watching , I can hear the dialogue very clearly .
 I chose this rating because I had a good experience placing my order with you guys . The item arrived on time as stated and I recommend everybody to do business with them .
 The headphones have worked just fine . Our members are so glad to be able to hear the word of God .
 We bought them to replace an old pair of JVC earphones which was broken . The Sony earphones are great , we rated them with 5 stars . As a matter of fact they are easy to use , comfortable and have an excellent sound quality . We ordered another pair for another room . Amazon offered them for 30 % less than Sony was asking .
 Received a set as a gift and liked them so much that I bought another set for my wife to use . Both receive from the same transmitter , the second transmitter is set to an alternate channel and is used only to charge the second set . Great wireless headphones , no interference , light weight , battery lasts for quite a while -LRB- at least 3.5 hours -RRB- . Would recommend for private listening or for movies with soft voices and hard to hear passages . Picks up a lot of back ground sounds in movies that are missed when listening with conventional speakers .
 I 've had these headphones for a few years , and they 're great . I use them when listening to radio shows on my PC . They allow me to walk around the house and do other work , while still having the show on . The main plus of the headphones is comfort and battery life . The headband is cushioned , and cups are big and made out of cloth , so I can wear these for hours at a time . Battery also lasts forever -LRB- at least 5 hours -RRB- , and it 's easy to recharge it , since you just place the headset back onto its base - there 's nothing to connect or plug in . The only negative thing I have to say about these is that if you get too far away from the antenna you start hearing a bit of intermittent noise here and there , but it has not been an issue for my use .
 Especially if you got your sony headphones from Discount Jungle , it was a great deal , especially compared to the other wireless headphones out there . The Sony headphones have a little bit of static here and there when you get up and move around , but otherwise the sound is great , definitely better than listening to just a standard TV . If you play video games these headphones really immerse you in the game . The battery charging is great and easy to use and the auto on/off feature is also a very nice touch , though I guess you ca n't fall asleep with the TV on without draining the battery . But for the price you can get this headset at today it 's a steal and one of the best values .
 Overall a good piece , but attracts a lot of noise from around the house devices.Pros : Good DesignComfortable FitEasy to install and useGood Signal strength all around the house.Cons : Attracts noise from movements , electronics devices around the house.Not a good value for moneyRecommended
 this Sony headset is the third wireless headset my husband has used over the past 12 years . It is excellent quality and fits comfortably over his head . the recharging function works much better than the previous models he had as it does not have to sit directly on contacts . the adjustable transmitter and 150 feet of roving a capacity made this a very good purchase .
 Theses are deffinately worth every penny . I work nights and wanted something to use while I watch tv after work in the early morning hrs . I kept waking my girl friend up with noise of the tv at 3 am ! And with these new Sony headphones I can listen as loud as I 'd like and not bother a sole ! They pick up a little back ground noise but it 's only during the commercials and for the money I 'd deffinately buy another pair !
 Satisfied and no comment at all , nice to have it . It 's really good covering the whole portion of both ears and the sound is great .
 First off . I am not an audiophile . I bought these headphones to use on my TV and Computer . The base design is amazing . It comes with a stereo jack hookup up and a rca hookup . I have my TV hooked to the rca jacks and my computer to the stereo jack . Depending on which unit I want to use , I just unplug the one I do n't want to use from the base . If you do n't unplug one from the base you will here both the TV and the computer at the same time . When your done with using the heaphones , just set them in the base for recharging . A red light will come on to let you know you have placed them on the base correctly and they are charging.When you take your heaphones off they shut off automatically because the shut off switch is in the first band that sits on your head . So if you forget to charge them , no big deal . When fully charged they will last for hours . The ear cups fit around your ears and are very comfortable , even for long listening times.As for the sound quality , I have a Pioneer Plasma TV and the Sony headphones sound better than the Pioneer tv does . I have tried other brand headphones , but am super happy with these .
 These headphones are worth the price.After reading 20-30 reviews ,20 positive ,10 negative , I took a chance and purchased them.I am very satisfied with them.Occasionallyyou get a pop or a tiny hiss sound , but that 's from moving your head.They fit fine , and are comfortable to wear.Would recommend them to anyone .
 My husband 's hearing loss required the TV 's volume to be very high . Now , it 's normal and if I go to bed first , it can be muted and my husband can still hear with the headphones . The clarity is better than not using the headphones !
 Shopped for a long time before settling on this headphone . Use them for up to 12 hours a day and no trouble with charging .
 1/1/2011 These are very good headphones if you want to move around and be active while wearing them . I have used them for years and would buy them again .
 This is the second set of Sony cordless headphones I have purchased.After 3 years of constant use I wore out the rechargeable battery inthe first set . Although the originals still work , with regular batteriesinstalled , I decided to purchase a new set for a great price . They meetall my requirements .
 I highly recommend this product I bought them for the wife since the previous one were horrible . These are excellent and my wife is quite happy with them .
 This is , overall , a great product . It is very comfortable . There is some interference at times , but with the amount of wireless devices in our home -LRB- laptops , phones , printer -RRB- that 's going to happen - you just need to move the base to a good location . The only problem we have encountered is the on/off . There is no switch , putting them on your head pulls out the inner headband activating the on/off function . For the vast majority of people this is not a problem . For us however it is . I bought these for my Autistic son so he can listen to the computer . The problem is that he does n't like to wear them over the top of his head but prefers to wear them with the headband towards the back of the his head - just far enough for the headband to move back in towards the earphones which turns them off . I have put a zip tie around the inner and outer headbands , snugging them up just enough to turn them on . We 'll see how this works .
 I can go outside and do chores , if I crank it up a little I can mow or weed eat.I have tried 3 other cheep brands -- no good . This my second pair . I have one upstairs and one down . Works great for TV or Stereo .
 Duplicate of init I purchased several years ago . Bought replacement because cost of battery almost as much as new unit .
 We love these headphones - bought to allow me to sleep while my wife watches TV . What I like
 This product has made our TV watching so much more enjoyable . My husband can listen to the volumn he likes and I can listen to the volumn I like . He says the headphones are comfortable and he would not part with them for anything . I would recommend this product for any couple who has stuggled with one spouse who has hearing loss and one spouse who does not .
 Have one myself and bought one as a present.These headphones are really good . I have it set up in my bedroom so when my wife goes to bed I can watch TV . It is great because it is rechargeable -LRB- it charges by simply placing it on the base -RRB- , it has a great sound and you can walk away from the room where the base is -LRB- up to 150ft -RRB- and you will still be able to listen to you TV show.Highly recommended . Had others before but no other works as well as this one .
 Sound quality - 9/10comfort - 9/10ease of use - 10/10Nice little headphones for the price , sound quality is great on surround systems when you can tweak the bass , used them primarily for music when tooling around the house , nice sound , some static which is to be expected with Wireless headphones , but nothing too severe , Nice auto shutoff when you take them off , big plus with the rechargable battery.Overall , very good , as expected from Sony .
 We have had many wireless headphones . Sony headphones are the easiest and the best ones to use . You just put them on the cradle when you 're done using them , and they charge up for the next time . I like the fact that there is n't an `` on/off '' button . Just put them on , and the headphones go on .
 As I said , owned/used for 3 years , and no problems ! They still last days at a time , maybe 8 hours at all together , before needing a charge . Perfect sound for me , living in an apartment , I like to respect my neighbors at night , so these work very well . They can go outside the room you watch TV in , but the sound may scatter after 75 feet or so . They are actually comfy to wear , and EASY to use , my grandma even agrees . Honestly one of the best purchases I have ever made , which is why I am attempting to write a review . Love 'em ! ** UPDATE ** ** 3-2-2012 ** My headphones have given up on life ! They have shorted out , but had a good life of just over 3 years .
 great headphones . I had bought 2 pairs already to use in different rooms . I am not longer grumpy due to lack of night sleep that my husband kept me from keeping the volume of the tv so loud for many years.I am a Happy client and sweet dreams , my husband loves this headphones as well.Highly recomend this product and so the seller that shipped my item very fast .
 great headphones . This is the second pair I buy . My husband loves it too . I highly recomend them and so the seller who shipped very fast to my address.I am not longer awake by the loud volume of the tv of my room at night time.Sweet dreams.works great and doesnt require any batteries it self charge : -RRB-
 As soon as you pick up the headphones from its charging base you get the stereo sound at the loudness it was last set to . Good quality sound and no static . I can walk to other rooms without losing the headphone audio . They are comfortable to wear and the recharging base keeps them charged and ready to use . My wife loves them too , a mute tv and me with headphones keeps the peace .
 Having used TV-Ears off & on for several years , these new Sony headphones are so much better we wish we had them sooner.Easy to connect , easy to charge and no risk of getting your fingers shocked on charging stand . Ca n't say enough good things about them . They feel and sound great !!
 These are even better than a similar pair I bought 5 + years ago . These have less static however . They will share the same charger and signal so you can have 2 people listening to the same thing from the same transmitter/charger however if one pair is on the charger , it will stop the signal . These have great fidelity and are very light and comfortable for those who like over the ear style . LOVE 'EM !
 I had one of these headphones but unfortunatly one of the wires on one side of the earpiece broke off inside where the batteries were and could not be fixed for under $ 60.00 so I immedatly went to your site for replaceement and that 's where this story ends !
 sound quality great when i am close to a base . . in my house this wireless headphones and previous one work on one channel . I like it that recharge stops in 16 hours -LRB- after recharge complete -RRB- . .
 The sound quality is pretty good when you are close to antenna , maybe 4 meters around . There 's a little noise in background but almost imperceptible . It will never be as good as wired headphones but for that price its a good purchase .
 Got them for my dad who is hard of hearing , so the TV alsways had to be up high . The 1st pair we got him his ears hurt . We got him these and him loves them .
 Bought these as a gift to my brother . Uses them to watch tv while his wife is sleeping/studying/working from home . Says they work great for his needs .
 Once I figured out how to hook up , the performance is great . Called the vendor for help and they were very helpful . I had to buy a different line hook up going to the TV . Another $ 10.00
 I purchased these as a gift for my boyfriend so he can watch TV in the early morning without waking me up . He loves them ... and I am happy to sleep.I have used these myself to listen to music or the news when cleaning the house . . I get to listen no matter what room I am in upstairs or downstairs .
 I have experienced sounds from programs that I do not usually hear . Birds chirping and people talking from far away .
 Found these headphones to provide the best acoustic fidelity of any wireless headphones that I have tried . That includes about two dozen different products . Has sufficient range to function any place in my home . The acoustic quality compares favorably with high quality wired headsets .
 For several years I used to play video games in my office as to not monopolize the family TV . During that time I used , and loved my Turtle Beach wireless headphones . My daughter is now getting to the age where she wants to play Little Big Planet and other games with daddy so I moved the game machines into the living room . To my dismay , the Turtle Beach IR headphones just do n't work in our large living room so I started the search for a replacement headset.I really lucked out finding a used pair of these Sony MDR-RF925RK for $ 22 and decided to give them a shot before spending $ 100 + on a pair of Sennheisers . Call me amazed . The sound quality is excellent and they work from anywhere in the living room . Unlike the Turtle Beach phones , which are designed to be plugged directly into the XBOX or PS3 S/PDIF audio output , these phones use a standard RCA to headphone adapter . I was able to connect my TV 's RCA audio line out into these headphones , allowing me to use these headphones with anything plugged into the TV -LRB- listening to music on my XBMC HTPC , playing video games , watching DirecTV , anything -RRB- . So far I have n't experienced any static at all . I 'm very pleased to have found these and @ $ 22 , I wish I had bought 3 or 4 of them .
 I received these 5 years ago , and have never had an issue with them . The battery life is now down to about 3 hours , but after 5 years , I have no complaints . I can work in the yard near the house with these on and listen to my computer -LRB- and in cold weather , they even keep my ears warm -RRB- . The sound quality is excellent . They are very comfortable . I 'm replacing the battery this year , and anticipate getting another 5 years out of them ...
 I 've had these headphones for about a month and a half and I really like this product . That being said , I was surprised by the bulkiness , weight and warmth of wearing these headphones for long periods . I would buy these again but really wish they were smaller and lighter . Also I 've noticed that a interruption in the signal creates an occasional , annoying click and static even when well within range of the base unit . To the good , I find the sound quality is excellent and the range while farther away from main unit was pretty good though still plagued by the occasional click and static issue .
 I bought this for my husband as an anniversary gift and they worked wonderfully . No static , just clear sound like you were just looking at the TV without headphones . I would absolutely buy these again and even recommend them to others . My husband also loves them since he can watch TV without interrupting my and the baby 's sleep late at night .
 I love the way this operates . No on off switch just put them on and it turns on take them off and it turns off . I have Three of these and never had a problem with any of them . I have bought several others and this one is the best by far ...
 This is an awesome product . I have a moderate hearing deficiency that make understanding of dialogue delivered with an accent or spoken quickly difficult to understand . These earphones , though sometimes staticy , have revived my interest in some good TV shows that I was previously unable to follow . -LRB- Modern Family is a hoot when you can understand the comic lines . -RRB- The hookup was a problem because the speakers are normally muted when using earphone plugs but I was able to find a way to connect the sending unit to my home theater receive without killing speaker output.I have highly recommended them to relatives with similar problems .
 Works perfectly for our purposes . Easy to connect . Originally bought higher priced sony headphones . These have less static and popping .
 I chose the Sony Wireless headphones over the Sennheiser , and I have not been disappointed . Both were mid price-range , and had comparable features . I preferred the low profile of the Sony on my desk , rather than the 2 charging towers you need to line up with the charging strips on the Sennheiser product . After waiting the 16 hours to charge the headphones , I loved the range and depth of sound the Sony product produced . There was a lot of popping/sissing that lead me here , where another reviewer suggested turning down the volume on the headphones and turning up the volume on the sound source . It worked like a charm . With no popping/sissing , I can find nothing to complain about with this product . It meets and exceeds its specs .
 I purchased this product because of the name and that I would enjoy it . At first I had some trouble with a poping noise that came through the headset , but with time that has seemed to go away . The on/off audiomatic head strap has been convenient .
 I had quit watching TV because I could n't hear it without driving everyone else away . I can hear every word now . Even separate the Damn music from the speech .
 I 'm a third shift worker at a local hospital , and when I 'm off , it 's very hard to watch TV at night with family in the house . Now I no longer have to worry about that ! Great sound ! very comfortable fit , and the headphones will not stress your ears or head , unlike some other brands . The recharging station is amazing too ! I dont have to hook up anything to recharge these ! Just set them back on their stands , and they will be ready for me the next time I want to watch some late night TV!Their also great for late night gaming ! amazing sound ! and last time I played , I played for 8 hours , non-stop , and still had plenty of battery life!Looking for a great wireless headphone ? That wo n't break you wallet ? You 've found them right here !
 I bought these because in setting up my bedroom for extended recovery , I found my Toshiba large screen had a gorgeous picture but horrible sound . I wanted to use the Sirius/Music channels , so I knew I 'd need a sound system that would compensate . I wanted to be able to walk around , going to the head or the kitchen -LRB- slowly -RRB- but I did n't want a surround sound system . Wireless headphones seemed to be the answer so I did some research and discovered these modestly priced headsets.They give me the freedom to move about without having to pause the tv -LRB- cranking the sound did n't work for my tv -RRB- . The battery life is excellent . Rechargable LiONs are great , unlike NiCads which are a waste of money . I have been using my set for about a year and there is no problem with them . No popping , no problem with the battery cover -LRB- I have n't had to replace batteries , just recharge them . -RRB- I alternate betweenkeeping the headphones off the charger for many days of use , and having them sitting in the charger when I 've been working a lot and not watching tv in my bedroom.They 're big , and they do n't block out all outside sound , but to me , that 's great because then I can hear a phone ring or someone calling to me from another room.This is a great set for a sickroom , but it 's so nice my son wants one for his room TV so he can crank his video games without annoying anyone . -LRB- who wants to hear video game sounds unless you 're playing ? -RRB- So guess what I 'm getting him for christmas ... Would I buy these again ? absolutely.What are the drawbacks ? size ... . they 're a bit heavy . Long term comfort could be improved with deeper cushioning . Slightly richer sound or sound quality adjustment would be nice , but then I could n't afford them . They tend to ride up if you 're stuck on pillows and then they 'll shut off but that 's not a major issue.What are the Pros ? They 're reliable . They have good sound , especially in thelower registers -LRB- not great , but good -RRB- . They hold a charge forever and recharge quickly . They 're very very affordable when you look at the competition . You can wander to different rooms without being tied to Line Of Sight restrictions . They 're quite comfortable for the first couple hours -LRB- not squeezing too hard -RRB- . I did n't have huge expectations , having tried others before but these delivered everything I wanted and more . An excellent buy for me , and I 'm buying more before they disappear forever . `` replacement '' models do n't have the same features . wireless headphones for tvs that do what these do cost three times more .
 My dad always has the tv at full volume , and it 's very uncomfortable to sit and watch tv at a level so he can hear it . So he Mentioned these one day and we decided to get them for christmas . NOw he walks around the house hearing the tv perfectly and no blairing it so loud the neighbors go deaf .
 Bought it as a gift and my boyfriend loves it . Does the job , sounds perfect and the signal goes far enough . The auto on off function is confusing though . Also , comes with recheargable battery so no worries about that . Would buy it again .
 I recomend this Headphones to use with a TV , unless you want to spend an extra cash and buy something special to use with your stereo that has even better sound quality and Bass .
 Bought these for my husband and he loves them ! I tried them on when he got them and the sound is AMAZING and I like the fact that there 's no on-off switch for him to forget to turn them off . When you take them off your head , they shut off , they turn on just a second after you put them on your head . You can use them with your television or you can flip the wire around and use them with another device such as an MP3 player . Super good product for the money ! Would highly recommend !
 mostly pleased with product . has good sound quality . sound clicks out every now and again . on the whole it is not too bad .
 The headset works just as advertised , right out of the box . I certainly would n't hesitate to recommend it to anybody .
 I purchased headphone because I am hard of hearing ... this product helps a great deal to make watching TV much more enjoyable . I love it.Kadee
 I bought as a gift for my son . I have another just like it and it works quite a bit better than other models I 've tried . I can hear it upstairs from TV located downstairs . I did discover , as did other customers , the switch that turns it on , activated by the tension on the headband , can move when head movements are excessive . I wear it with a hat when I 'm moving around , that increases tension sufficiently and removes that annoying clicking sound .
 This item is great . I have hearing loss and this helps me hear TV without having it up too loud
 I gave this to my son in law as a Christmas present and I have not heard about it since . He always wore mine when he came to visit so I thought it was a safe gift ! Oh well ! They worked well for me .
 when i first received the headphones I was a little set back by some of the smears on the base . I hooked it up later and it works very well and the sound is great ! I have n't used them long so i ca n't comment on the battery life but I am very happy with this purchase . The distance I am using them at is about 15ft and there was a little static noise when the base was behind the tv but after moving it in front of the set I have had no problems at all !
 I use these to watch TV when family is asleep . It works well most of the time . Sometimes , one day out of week , there is too much statics , clicking and hissing . Most of the days it 's totally fine . Definitely not location-related . More like the weather of position of the Mars.I would n't listen to hi-end audio in these , but for TV it works great . And recharger base is nice and easy to use .
 I purchased the headset for my husband and I love it . I can listen to the tv at a normal tone .
 THE SOUND FROM THESE HEADPHONES ARE AWESOME ! I HAVE HAD THEM OFF THE CHARGER FOR A WEEK , THEY ARE HOLDING A GOOD CHARGE AND STILL SOUND GREAT ! CRYSTAL CLEAR HEADPHONES !
 I must say I was scared because not all reviews of these headphones were very good . However , I still bought them because I really wanted to watch TV and play games at night without disturbing my family . I received the headphones in record time , and I started to use it in the same moment I unboxed them . My first test was audio quality at 3 ~ 4 ft from the transmitter , and It was just awesome , I felt the design very confortable and wear it laid in my bed with no problems . My next test was walking away my room , and noise and silences started when I walked like 30 ft from my room . That was ok from me , I will never use it outside my room , and sound quality is nice for me . I had no problem with the head detection switch , so I can recommend this device . Its not perfect , but is much better than I expected .
 I struggled to sort out the very cheap from very expensive product in this category . I was looking for something to listen to the TV in my workout room without waking up the family . Seems like many of the cheap ones are battery operated . I wanted something that charged from the stand so I never had to deal with dead batteries . I was very concerned with audio quality based on reading reviews of various headsets so I opted for this one because it was on the lower price side but a well known manufacturer . I 'm very satisfied with it . Easy to setup . Audio quality is great , although I acknowledge I am easy to please . I just did n't want hissing or crackling and I have n't heard any of that with these .
 This is the 4th headset I 've purchased in the last 10 years and out of all of them , the best . My first two were AR 's , which were nice headsets . I think the first one was AR 721 but not positive . The second one was the replacement for that earlier model but it turned out not to be as nice and did n't last but 18 months . Then for a long time I used regular headsets plugged into an FM radio receiving a signal from my stereo transmitted by a `` Whole House FM Transmitter '' which works well , but still ties you down unless you like carrying a radio around with you when you move throughout the house . The `` Whole House '' transmitter does have a very good range and goes well beyond my house , so it 's very good to get a good signal out onto the patio or porch , and a little beyond . Before this Sony , the last set I had was a pair of Auvio headsets from Radio Shack . To its credit , they produced a very solid signal well beyond the stated 150 feet . Unfortunately , a few days ago I went to put on the headsets and the headband cracked making them very uncomfortable to wear . They were always somewhat uncomfortable having a very tight fit , especially for someone like me who wears glasses . When they broke , I had a couple of options ; replace them with identical headsets or find another pair . Two other Auvio headsets had the same problem as mine so I decided against another pair but needed something then and there so picked up these Sonys through Radio Shack -LRB- $ 79.95 -RRB- , much more than Amazon 's price . Wish I had the luxury of getting them from Amazon to save the money . That said , even at $ 79 , let me just say the sound is phenomenal and they are extremely comfortable even when wearing glasses . The lows are very real , and very clean , much cleaner than the Auvio , but what is really amazing is the midrange being nice and crisp . I have a 40 % hearing loss and found the Auvio sounded a little flat to me so had to turn them up a little louder to understand what people were saying , but that is not the case with these . I can turn them down quite a bit and still hear words most of the time , something I usually do n't get to achieve . On that alone , these headphones are worth what I paid . They are easy to use since you have no on-off switch , and the phones only work when you wear them , so if you take them off and forget about them they will be turned off immediately . The audio I get on these is very clean , BUT there is one slight problem I find and do n't know how to solve it . These headphones are very susceptible to static so I found today a lot more clicks than I would like , so it is something I will have tot check over the next couple of weeks to see if it 's a defect in the phones or a design flaw . That 's better than the Auvio though , they sometimes made screaching noises on one or the other channel , and I could never figure out where that noise was coming from.I can definitely recommend these headphones , as I 'm very impressed by its audio quality and its comfort , something hard to do for those of us who have glasses . I can lay my head back on the couch with ease and the headphones stay on yet they do n't feel like a vice grip on my head.Nothing is perfect , but man , these headphones are about as awesome as you can get .
 I bought these so I could watch my shows -LRB- Grey 's Anatomy , The Bachelor , etc. . . -RRB- without annoying my husband . He can also use them when he 's watching his loud action movies at 1am while I 'm trying to sleep upstairs.They have a 3.5 mm Stereo plug -LRB- the size of modern headphones and aux cables -RRB- and I needed a 1/4 inch stereo plug to plug into my surround sound system . I thought these came with one but apparently that only comes with the slightly more expensive Sony MDR-RF970RK Wireless Stereo Headphones . BUT I found this -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000I94FLS/ref=oh_o02_s00_i00_details -RRB- adapter that was less than $ 2 and it works perfectly!I am more than happy with this purchase . They plugged in and worked right away . They charge by just sitting on the base . They turn on automatically just by putting them on your head . There is a convenient volume switch on the bottom of the right earpiece . They work great for what we bought them for!Static report : Of course because they are wireless there is a slight amount of static . When the tv is silent I can hear the static well . When I 'm watching my shows IF I turn the headset volume way up I can hear it , but adjust the volume between tv and headset and there is virtually NO static . I am sitting approx . 10 feet away from the base . When I walk into a different room -LRB- approx 25 ft away -RRB- I hear a quick interval of static here and there but not too bad.I would recommend these to a friend and/or would buy them again !
 I am by no means an expert , but I really like this headset . I hooked it up to the audio out of my HDTV so I can listen to TV at night without distubing anyone . You can put the volume on the TV all the way down or even mute it , but the headphones still work as they have their own volume control . I like the way they automatically shut off when not in use to save battery life and they automatically come back on as soon as you put them on your head . Occasionally when I move my head I get a little static for maybe half a second but nothing too bad .
 Over all it 's a very good product . Nice sound and convenient charging and auto on/off . The cons are
 Yamaha is known for its receiver and this did not disappoint us ! Be it music or a movie , the sound was enhanced and the output was amazing !
 I received 2 of these 1GB memory modules packaged nicely.They arrived quickly -LRB- within a few days -RRB- . I used them to update my Dell Optiplex -LRB- small form factor -RRB- GX620 Dual Core machine . The price was quite reasonable.They were the correct type and the update went smoothly.No problems at all with these ... very smooth install and they are working fine !
 Just kidding , just a little play on words . :--RRB- Worked great , never had a problem and it made my life easier not having to wait as long for things to process .
 Purchased this to match up with a motherboard/processor/memory platform deal I scored from the `` bay of E '' . It contained one stick of this memory . This matched right up and doubled my capacity.My son has played away hours of his life on WoW since the completion of this build , and the system has shown great tolerance to such excess ! No memory issues , and no problems .5 stars for reliability , and ability to match up with a previously-purchased stick from somewhere and someone else entirely !
 I bought this to replace another after-market memory module that went bad and caused my HP computer to freeze and occasionally crash . I have the RAM maxed out because I use this computer for professional audio recording , and the crashes were causing delays and occasional data loss . It took a bit of troubleshooting to determine the problem , and which memory chip was bad.The Corsair chip was inexpensive , and has been working fine for almost two months as of 11/20/2010 .
 But they say I did n't so I have nothing negative to say . If it 's the right memory for your computer , do n't hesitate to buy it . Works fine .
 I was having problems with video editing program locking up . So I purchased 2 of the Corsair Memory to increase my memory to 2 GB . It was easy to install and actually speeded up the loading of Windows and programs . Excellent buy . Fast shipping .
 I purchased this memory for a low profile PC , works well , after several years , is slow but does the job , good memory at a good price .
 Used this to speed up a family member 's aging P4 . . and it worked . Nothing more needs to be said ! Great quality from Corsair , as always .
 If you are ready for a fantastic swimming/water experience this is the product for you ! It is perfectly designed to fit the ipod mini . I tested it first with cotton balls to be sure it was really waterproof before I trusted it with my ipod . I am now able to swim while listening to my favorite music and/or my talking books . Truly an enjoyable experience ! You can not imagine how great it is until you try it . I did alot of research before purchasing this product , searched the internet , read reviews . The Otterbox is an excellent product , works extremely well , and is reasonably priced .
 I lap swim a few times a week and was getting bored . I purchased this because it was on clearance for my old ipod mini . I wasnt sure how well it would work but would not be as upset if I ruined my old ipod than if I ruined my iphone . I am soooo amazed at how great it works . I have never had any issues with water inside the ipod and have no complaints about the sound . I purchased H20 Audio headphones from another site . The box is interchangable with whatever type of headphones you buy . It is also very easy to open and close when I need to charge it or am walking and dont want to carry the case.My only complaint is the size/weight of the case . It took a little getting used to having it clipped on my suit . It caused a bit of an uncomfortable drag . It would be better with an armband but could easily be clipped onto an armband.I will definately trust my Iphone in a case made for the it -LRB- when they make one -RRB- ! I have already purchased a water resistant case by otter box for my phone and cant wait to buy the waterproof one when it comes out .
 Ahhhhh , if only all products were as completely and totally satisfactory as this little item from the venerable house of Otterbox.To Wit :1 -RRB- super-functional hinged design , perfected from years of making camera boxes and related gear allows you to quickly load , unpload your ` Pod2 -RRB- smooth & effortless AppleWheel / touchpad control and `` read through '' screen visibility which makes it -LSB- IMHO -RSB- easier to control the ` mini when in the Otterbox than out ! 3 -RRB- the simple yet SUPER effective waterproof headphone seal lets you use any 3.5 mm plug for your earphone needs unlike some other waterproof boxes that have twitchy seals that only work with their ` phones4 -RRB- rugged clip that lets your ` pod hang out wherever you are or onto whatever your into puts the Apple style clippy thing to serious shame ; as in throw it out type of shame5 -RRB- the polycarb material and -LSB- nearly -RSB- bulletproof nature of the Otterbox 's basic construction make this the box you should keep your ` Pod in ALL THE TIME ; not just when you are splashing about , although this item ca n't be beat with a stick for water based adventures ... Now if I could only find a set of waterproof headphones that measured up like this SuperBox does ... DownSide ; if you can call it that - I 'm reaching here ... the `` Hold '' slider switch is not accessible when your ` pod is in the O'box so it IS possible to skip tracks , etc. while your mini is in this perfect little safe . That 's really the only limitation that has come up through several months of heavy use both in and out of the water ; including a hurricane evacuation -LSB- Ike ! -RSB- and heavy reliance on the O'box to keep my little green meany safe safe safe.ZenJoy , WDW
 Thank you for having a smooth transaction . Could n't ask for better service . Smiles all around .
 I was skeptical at first , but this stuff really does work great ! I use it to clean the screen on my powerbook for the most part . But it also works great on my ipod and my digital camera ! It 's safe to use on electronics . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I tried Apple Polish , iClear and plain water . They all left my MacBook screen streaky . But thanks to the other reviews here , I bought this product , and it works wonderfully . The screen looks like new ! No streaks , no smears , just a beautiful , shiny screen .
 While I ca n't compare this product 's effectiveness to that of other screen cleaners , as this is the first one I 've ever used , this product works amazingly well and restored my LCD to its original glory.I bought this based on the other reviews , specifically mentioning the Powerbook , because my MacBook Pro screen was extremely dirty , with streaks on it that clearly annoyed during movie playback . It arrived , and voila , my MacBook Pro 's screen looks factory new.The solution lets out a bit of a foamy soap when rubbed in , and it just works wonders . The only thing is , this product is quite expensive . Not surprising considering it 's a `` Monster '' product .
 I bought this over some of the cheaper cleaners upon the advice I read within some of the bad reviews for those cleaners . I was not disappointed . Although a bit more expensive , this stuff really works nicely . Make sure you use a high quality micro-fiber cloth -LRB- a small one was included -RRB- to avoid any scratching . This works perfectly and leaves you with a factory fresh screen in terms of the look .
 I have n't tried any other products to clean my screens , but I know that this product works great.Only disappointment is that they give you two bottles , but only one mini cloth .
 I bought this for my boyfriend 's DIRTY flat screen monitor and it looks fantastic . The reviews were right on - a little more expensive but well worth it .
 This Monster product works very well , it cleaned my 19 '' Dell flatscreen desk monitor without incident , and left the screen in pristine original condition . Usually I avoid Monster products like the MonsterCables because they are so outrageously priced , but since this is priced competitively I bought it . You get two bottles of the solution , so it seems like this package will last me forever . The microfiber cloth that comes in the package is good quality and is easily cleaned after use with plain soap and water .
 It sounds silly but I really had no idea how dirty my laptop screen was until I the Monster Screen Clean . No streaks , smudges , etc. . Do n't forget the microfiber cloth ; it is necessary !!! If you work on a computer all day you need this !!!
 I love this stuff . We use it on all of screens regularly . I highly recommend it .
 Picked this up to clean my laptop occasionally . I 'm very pleased with how it works .
 We tried others , but this is the ONLY one that performed as advertised . It should come as Standard Equipment with every new laptop .
 This is a good price and a good product ! It 's easy to use and the result is wonderful . It takes all the dirt away . My laptop screen now looks like brand new .
 Works great with my Macbook Pro . Plus it 's small enough to carry onto airplanes . I have n't tried it on other screens , but I 'm sure it would work just as well .
 I really like this product a lot . It works well , has a reasonable cost , and lasts a long time . The small bottles make storage in my desk drawer easy .
 Its got a spray mouth and comes in two bottles with a cloth just like the picture shows , and does it job in cleaning , its pretty handy as many other cleaner takes longer to deliver
 This is a quality product at a good price . It 's perfect for removing fingerprints or dirt from your cell phone , laptop , or TV screen .
 There are some products that do their job well , and there are some that do it VERY well and this is one of them.I will only use these cloths on my devices now , they are without a doubt the best .
 This screen cleaner was a dream come true . After purchasing a rather crappy keyboard cover that left horrid fingerprints on my screen -LRB- as a college student I wanted some extra protection for my expensive investment -RRB- , I bought this cleaner , and within 2 minutes or less , I had the entire screen looking as if I had just taken my laptop out of the box.No streaks , no residue , nothing but a brand-new looking Macbook Pro . No ` scrubbing ' or difficult cleaning/rubbing required ! Very little amount required to clean my 13 in . screen ; one or two pumps perhaps.Fully deserves 5 stars !
 For the price this is a great screen cleaner . I found it did a very good job at removing dirt that water could not . I used it to clean both my inspiron 17R lcd screen and my zagg screen protected ipod . I found it had similar results on both . It does leave a residue that can not just be wiped up . I tried very hard to just wipe the dried on residue with the cloth and had no prevail , but not to worry , if you just wipe the screen cleaner off the screen while it is still wet with the cloth then it does not leave a residue . This is similar to how if you are washing a card and just let the water dry on after cleaning it still leaves water spots . The only way to remove the residue if you let it dry on is to clean it again with the cleaner . I did not have any problems with dust left behind . Even if you do not wipe the cleaner of the screen the residue does not show up when the screen is on so it is not the big of a problem . I give it a 4/5 because the residue issue can be fixed by just wiping it up before it dries but not a 5/5 because of how this problem exists . If you have any questions please feel free to leave a question in the comments section of my review .
 This product worked great . I washed two LCD television screens as well as a laptop computer screen . The product did not run or drip and it cleaned the screens perfectly .
 I have a MacBook Pro and I had -LRB- accidentally -RRB- sprayed some serious hairspray all over the screen . Nothing else was taking it off , but this spray cleaned it like a champ . It looks like new . Fantastic .
 got this product in a timely and professional manner . worked the first time with no complications to speak of . i made a good choice when i purchased this cleaner .
 I Bought to clean my 52 ' Sony LCD TV and did as supposed to ... Very good product , no complain !!!
 This product lived up to all the other great reviews I read prior to making my purchase.I 've used it on my LCD TV , laptop screen and digital camera . It cleans wonderfully ; no streaks , and more importantly , no damage to my stuff !
 I used on my laptop and digital camera screen and lens ! And believe it or not , I even used on my families sunglasses ! All clean ! And nice looking !
 Any of the screen cleaners/cleaner pads I have used in the past have always streaked . This product does not streak at all . I have used it on my laptops , desktop LCD monitors , DLP TV and LCD TV with perfect results . It is a bit pricy but not enough so that I would rate it lower , as it takes very little of the product to get the desired results . The two bottles I received will last me at least a year , probably longer .
 This stuff seriously works ! No streaks at all and effortless to use!I was so amazed ! I recommend it to everyone with a laptop !
 I am very satisfied purchasing the memory and I would do it again .
 I found these disk by recommendation from CD test web sites . I 've never had a problem with them . They are economical without being iffy . The printable coating is one additional layer to protect the &#34; metal &#34; layer .
 You know when you buy verbatim discs , you are buying quality . When it comes to recordable discs , you get what you pay for . If your data is important to you , you will need good , dependable media to store it . Do n't take your chances with cheap media .
 This is at least the third time I 've bought this exact set -LRB- 95078 -RRB- . Not all DVDs are equal and these are in the upper echelon .
 Despite its cumbersome appearance , this converter works very well and is a great deal in comparison to other options on the market !
 typical chinese product.Heavy , ugly , badly finished , but workes well.Good for heavy duty european e-equipment like bread-baker , espressomachines etc.As long as you do not see it in your stylish living room , it is perfect.Good value for money.Handle broke ones , but easy to fix
 I put off buying an iPod on grounds of cost , until recent price cuts tempted me again
 I read all the reviews on the iPod , from Amazon , CNet , Mac World , etc , prior to buying my iPod . I was particularly concerned with the criticism and problems attributed to the iPod . However , my personal experience with my 5GB iPod , has thus far , proven very positive . I have not experienced any of the problems that the other reviewers cited . It is easy to set-up and use . The sound quality is okay , though this can easily be improved by upgrading the earphones . My only negative comment is that the unit takes too long to charge up -LRB- 4 hrs -RRB- .
 I bought the 5Gb iPod about 6 months ago -LRB- when the price dropped upon introduction of the 10 and 20 Gb versions -RRB- . I ca n't believe I waited so long ! It 's changed the way I listen to music :1 . My original intention was to take it walking and running with earphones . For this it works great . Very small and light ; no skipping ; simple controls that can be handled without any fuss ; and the playlists make it easy to adapt to any mood .2 . At home , I plug it into my stereo to play at high volume . I 've found that I never even use the CD player anymore ! Again , the flexibility of the playlists are perfect for any situation in which you do n't just want to listen to an album straight through -- e.g. hours and hours of party music without changing CD .3 . In the car , I use the iPod with an iRock FM transmitter . It 's a little kludgy , but I do n't have a cassette so that option is out . Anyhow , the hours and hours of music is much better than my 6-CD changer for any distance driving.I use a Mac at home and work , so I often update the music through the iTunes software , which works seamlessly and intuitively.My only regret now is that I think I need more storage space ! So I 'll probably upgrading to the 20 Gb version in a year or so ...
 What an exciting way to listen to music ! Is there any other player that makes it this easy to get all your songs on it?Wouldn ' t trade it for the world , unless it was to get a 10 or 20 gig one !
 My Husband gave me a christmas gift , I love it , its stores around 1000 songs but for me 100 songs are more than enough . Sound quality and overall features are excellent , the only bad part is I still did n't found a good case for IPOD I looked everywhere from Apple store to EBAY but they were not good , but other than that I had no problems till now.I hope this review is helpful .
 This particular Apple iPod was one of the first models to come out . Like most techo-gadgets , once you buy them - something better is going to come along within a few months . That is just the way of the world . The nice thing about this gadget is - it still does the job very well for me 11/2 years after I purchased it . This is the 5GB iPod . They have discontinued this model in favor of some iPods that hold larger capacity -LRB- i.e. 10 GB , 15 GB , 20 GB , and 40 GB -RRB- as well as the smaller sized iPod mini -LRB- a 4 GB device -RRB- . I 'm hear to say that the 5 GB still does the job and if this is how Apple is going to produce an mp3 device , this is going to set the gold standard.I run my iPod on a Windows XP based PC . At the time , I had to buy a IEEE 1394 FireWard card for my machine . I was more than glad to add this functionality to my PC because now I can hook up other FireWire devices . At this time the Software used to organize music on the iPod is Musicmatch and not iTunes . Again Musicmatch does a great job for me and I continue to use it . There is no synchronization device with this iPod . Just connect it to your Firewire Cable and the PC and Musicmatch software will recognize it . If your Firewire Card supplies power , you will be able to recharge the iPod as it is connected to your PC.This thing is as Apple advertises . Apple Advertised getting about 1000 songs on it . I have ripped most of my CDs in 128 kbps format and have about 600 + songs on it so far . With still about 2GB of free space , I should just reach the 1000 song plateau . If I went to 160 kbps format for all of my songs , I would probably see a substantial reduction in the amount of songs I would be able to store . The 128 kbps format should be just fine . This device never skips . I take it in my car and to the gym and it never skips . I advise buying a car adapter for about $ 20 that goes into your cassette deck -LRB- the one that portable CD players use works just fine -RRB- and then you can have your iPOd in the car.The device itself is a nice looking one . There is a jog dial used to navigate the menus . There are plenty of organizations by playlist , album , song , genre , and artist -LRB- much of this is configured on the Musicmatch software automatically when you rip your CDs to mp3 -RRB- . It also contains ` extras ' for Calandar , Contact , Clock , and a game . The game is actually a version of the old ` Breakout ' game . The menus are in standard LCD gray and there is a backlight that can be turned on to see the menu better if needed . A great set of headphones comes with the iPod . It is the type of headphones you right on the outside of the ear and what is nice is they do n't fall out of your ear - plus they sound great . You also get a portable charger that only requires the firewire cable . As for the firewire cable , it comes with one as well as an adapter for 4 pin and 6 pin ports.There are three drawbacks I must point out . The first is the back of the player - it scratches very easily . The back is made of shiny metal and you are going to need to get a a case for it otherwise you will get tons of scratches on that surface . This leads into the second drawback - accessories . No case is going to come with it and of course , like with any accessory - you 're going to overpay for them . Be careful when shopping for a case , some of them are cheap leather slipcases and you may overpay . Recently I tried to get a car charger and found one at an Apple Retail Store for $ 13.00 , but remember seeing them in CompUSA for $ 40 . The newer iPods are architected very differently and as a result those accessories wo n't fit this model of the iPod . I still also advise spending the money for a car adapter -LRB- mentioned above -RRB- that plugs into your cassette deck.The third drawback is the battery . The battery will give you 10 hours continuous play when you first get it . Slowly but surely , you will see that erode over time . I 'd say I 'm down to 5 hours right now . Although I said the iPod does the job well , this is the one major drawback I 've seen over the life of the device . To replace the battery - it is $ 99.00 from Apple and this is a job you are going to need them to do . With some of the newer iPod models , I know by next year I am going to face a tough decision on whether or not to replace the battery or upgrade my iPod . Another note on the battery is that if your iPod is idle and uncharged for a few days , the battery will lose some of its charge.The plusses clearly outweigh the minuses here . I would give this 5 stars , but the drawbacks make this more of a 41/2 star effort . Do n't let the drawbacks deter you , but be aware of them - especially the battery issue if you are buying a used one . If you do get this device , you 'll be very happy with it .
 The wife got me one of these for Christmas and you ca n't go wrong . Great interface , simple intuitive controls . If you have a huge music collection or plan on using it as an external hard drive go for the 10 or 20 GB model but I am not even close to filling this 5 GB up . Address Book and iCal updates work great with iSync . It even has a breakout game .
 When we moved into our new house the structured wiring box was a total `` rat nest '' of wires . Using this I was able to bring order to an otherwise messy situation . It works well , installation is a snap , and I recommend it ! Your security dialer plugs into it and will take over the phone connection just as it should .
 I 've fooled around with two many speaker systems for iPods/MP3 players and computers . I now realize the iPAL/PAL from Tivoli is just about ideal , especially if portability is key . I 'm using it right now as a computer speaker at work with Slacker . I used it at home via an in-house FM transmitter system to listen to audio streams or iTunes , or on the deck with an iPod connected . It 's not stereo and you ca n't adjust the treble or bass , but the battery charge is decent and the sound is very good . No throbbing bass , but often bass on small units is boomy and unnatural . I recently bought an iHome OutLoud speaker for work because it was waaay reduced . Shoulda known why
 Wonderful sound in a small package and at a attractive price . And covenient plug in for my iPod .
 Purchased at Nordstroms a long time ago but still had to write a review because I use it every day and love it . I use it in the bathroom as a radio for the tub/shower . I keep it out of the direct line of water and it has lasted for years . The sound incredible -LRB- stereo sound comes from this little box ! -RRB- and is still as good as ever . The pearlized white color has lasted , also . The battery still lasts me hours even though I have used it daily for years . If this ever breaks , the first thing I will do is try to buy the exact same thing . Have got my money 's worth out of it many times over .
 We share the enthusiasm of the others for this Tivoli Audio iPAL . Our location is such that it 's been tough finding any radio that can dependably receive the 2 stations that we wish to listen to at the beginning and ending of the day . In addition , we have no receptacle where we want the radio positioned . The boom box we WERE using was a royal pain with size and performance problems and we spent a small fortune on 'D ' cells.THIS radio picks up our target stations perfectly with no dropout , easy tuning and no drift pretty much ANYWHERE in the house . We just finally ran it down after at least 2 weeks of listening for a total of about 1 hour/day PLUS one whole night . -LRB- The first night , my wife did n't see how to turn it off even tho it 's obvious , so she just turned the volume all the way down . -RRB- When it finally ran down , it did n't act funny ... It just stopped . It made absolutely the most use of the available power . A charge and it 's back in business and should run more than a couple of weeks before the next charge is required . OR , we 'll probably set a certain morning each week to charge it so that it never runs down.There 's no presets on this radio , but if that 's important to you , just `` preset it '' with a piece -LRB- s -RRB- of tape and a pencil mark -LRB- s -RRB- . The radio is surprisingly small , but it fills the bathroom just fine , and I can hear more detail -LRB- I 'm 66 years old and have lost some hearing -RRB- with it than with any of the assorted other radios and boom boxes we 've used . We 're thoroughly impressed and are glad we made this purchase .
 every home should have one -- we now have three ! the new black casing is very nice too , with a slight non-slip grip on the sides . The battery power lasts forever , usually outlasts my ipod at any rate.This little box packs a big punch , sounds great and is extremely portable . I ca n't imagine that anyone would n't be satisfied with this item .
 I love the easy portability of this radio . I find myself carrying it from room to room when I 'm doing different things around the house . Two different friends had them and I really admired the super sound quality for such a compact speaker . It 's held up really well in 3 years . I wanted to get one for my sis , but they used to be $ 125 and offered more colors -- now sadly they 're nearly $ 200 - !! It 's a very cool , handy thing , but maybe not that cool ! Glad I bought it when I did .
 Short and sweet . The best radio I have ever owned . Buy it . Better bye two .
 this good looking easy to carry speaker carries an unbeatable sound ! Plus , it actually have great radio reciption at the office -LRB- now my co-workers wants one too -RRB-
 Sounds great . I love the fact it can plug in and charge and then disconnect for portability . Its picking up a little GSM interference from my iphone very occasionally . It comes with a connector to an ipod or laptop and I 've used it when I 've hooked the video on a notebook to a big screen TV and then ran the sound through this speaker . It looks great , sounds great . This is the second one I 've purchased -LRB- gave my earlier one to my college student . -RRB-
 Bought this and a Tivoli desktop unit . Sound is great for the size . Portable unit only disadvantage is need for separate carry case . Tactile feel , sound , and ease of use is definite advantage . Also retro look of dials is interestingly attractive .
 how hard would it be to have an `` aux '' position on the selector dial ? I am constantly switching back and forth from radio to iPod input and it 's a pain to have to fish around behind the unit to plug or unplug the aux . cable for the radio . I absolutely love these radios , though , and would n't trade them for anything . I know it would n't look as `` slick '' , but even putting the aux . jack on the front would be an improvement.Update
 I am so pleased with my purchase ! Not having an iPod , it 's difficult finding a quality product that is universal to any brand of mp3 player . The sound is very rich and full , and is ultra portable whether you are using it with your laptop , or taking it on a camping trip . The radio has amazing range and clarity . Also , the battery life is extraordinary - it outlasts my mp3 player!Can ' t afford a Bose system ? Do n't have an iPod but want sound as good as the gizmo that only an iPod can fit in ? This is the way to go . You wo n't be disappointed .
 My criteria for purchase was this
 I got my Tivoli PAL as a present and was blown away when I first turned it on . It has a rubberized case and I work outside a lot so it is always with me at a job site . My brother who loves music visited one day and I played a coupled of CD 's through the aux port . He bought one the next day . It 's not stereo but then again unless you have a well laid out speaker seperation on a stereo you can hear the details . When you get one of these , get a little bridge cable with it for the aux input -LRB- it has a male stereo plug on both ends -RRB- so you can connect your MP3 or CD player . The radio reception on this unit is wonderful . With the ant . up I can get Boston FM stations -LRB- 90 miles ! -RRB- and Albany -LRB- 82 miles -RRB- ... wonderful .
 I have been searching for a bathroom radio to make those long boring tasks , like flossing your teeth and shaving , go by more quickly . I like my daily dose of NPR , but unfortunately our two FM PBS stations are 30-60 miles away . This coupled with the foil radiant barrier installed in the attic of my home makes distant FM radio reception challenging . I have tried several radios with marginal static laden performance . I suspected the PAL would work better , but was amazed that the reception was flawless , even without extending the antenna I can get excellent reception . The gear driven tuner locks in stations with ease and the volume is room filling , and loud enough to overcome the buzz of an electric razor . Oh , and when the news is over the classical music is absolutely amazing coming from this little compact black box . The other thing I like is the power switch that is not connected to the volume control allowing the volume to remain where desired when the radio is powered up or down . Best of all is it is rechargeable so no cord to worry about around a wet countertop , and no batteries to buy every other month .
 recently bought the iPAL for a trip and it works great , good sound and reasonably portable . Seems better built and sounds better than most other portable ipod accessories .
 The iPal has amazing sound for such a small speaker . One of the best pieces of audio equipment I 've ever owned .
 Tivoli has a great reputation and I knew I would n't go wrong with this radio . I was looking for a radio / I pod speaker that I could take everywhere . This is great!Love the design , love the size , love the sound.Downside is that is not very easy to find a radio channel because the is small.And the cable is white whereas my tivoli radio is black . I would have liked a matching one .
 Now where to begin ? By stating this is quite an unusual love affair ? It did come upon me suddenly an totally unexpected especially since in over 50 years of loving the hobby of radio from listening to the sounds of the 60 's on AM to later in that decade FM to dabbling in SW finally obtaining a HAM license in the mid 90 's , but to be honest have never listened to such a pleasing full rich sound than that from this PAL radio ! I just recently retired from public service for the state of Massachusetts where I had the pleasures of operating various drawbridges around the state for over 38 years an the last 10 years or so carried a PAL radio wherever I went an entertained the troops -LRB- workers -RRB- so to speak . All were awed at the remarkable sound from such a small package ! Then a week after retirement ended up in the hospital for 13 days . Of course I brought the PAL along with an iPod , Kindle an a portable DVD . . certainly was n't going to be without any entertainment ! The nursing staff would make regular visits to my room not only to check on my condition but also to listen to the pleasing sounds of the PAL . One doctor asked `` How do you like your Tivoli ? '' obviously being familiar with the brand name . What could I say besides `` Best i 've ever heard '' an adding `` the PAL is a big reason to stick around longer , life is worth living when your ears are treated to such pleasantries ! '' One only needs to listen to the remarkable bass response an then want to listen for hours upon hours an never get tired of the richness an clarity of sound.Side note
 Love , love , love this little box . I 've had it for over 3 years now and it got me through the blackout of '03 without running out of juice . The sound is beautiful . And the design is so sexy and clean looking . But the plastic coating peels in a very unattractive way . I exchanged my first one for a new one because it was such a mess after a year , but the second one did the same thing . I like to move it from room to room throughout the day and the coating on area where the indents are for picking up gets separated and begins to peel away . Very disappointing on such an otherwise sweet box . If you ca n't carry it around without messing up the finish , then it is n't really very PORTABLE is it ??
 I have spent over 2 months trying to find a portable speaker system to complement my iPod . The problem was that most systems I tried either sounded horrible or cost more then the actual iPod -LRB- Bose sound dock -RRB- . This system however was extremely affordable -LRB- at almost a third of the price of the sound dock -RRB- and it sounds great , with excellent bass and midrange response for its size , plus it has its own built in rechargeable battery making it easy to take anywhere . It also is at heart a radio , so if my iPod battery dies -LRB- because that never happens -RRB- I can still find something to listen to . The only thing this item lacks is the dock connector which would be a great asset , eliminating the somewhat `` messy '' cord -LRB- which is not included -RRB- needed to connect an iPod or other peripheral device . I would recommend this product to anyone who appreciates quality sound as well as value .
 After listening to both the in-motion speakers and Tivoli 's iPal , the iPal 's sound quality wins hands down . I would n't worry much about the fact that iPal is one speaker while in-motion is in stereo since in-motion 's 2 speakers are so close together anyway . If you 're an audiophile , choice is easy ... get the iPal . The convenience of in-motion 's dock is nice , but certainly you can live without . And yes , iPal is a little bulkier , but in my opinion , not much harder to travel with than in-motion . In both cases , you 'll put the speaker in some type of bag . In-motion is a slimmer design while iPal is more of a cube . Again , do n't sweat it ... iPal 's sound and AM/FM tuner more than make up for it . Listen to both and I think you 'll agree with me . I absolutely enjoy the iPal -LRB- for a mobile speaker -RRB- !
 I bought Tivoli Audio iPal several months ago . I was looking for a small personal radio that I can listen to within a range of 2-10 feet.So far it has exceeded my expectations : Sound quality is very good - better than I expected from its relatively small speaker . I listen mostly to talk radio , classical music , and jazz . The listening range is about what I expected
 I was having reception difficulties in my office with my previous radio , an upscale CD/radio/alarm combo by a well-known manufacturer ... I just could n't seem to get my favorite radio station , KROQ here in L.A. , to come in with any regularity.When my home alarm clock broke , I took the office one home -LRB- its ' alarm is super cool ... -RRB- and bought this one . I have to say I 've been completely surprised and impressed at it 's performance.It receives the signal much better , and the sound is astonishing clear and crisp coming from that one little speaker ! It 's a joy to use . The tactile sensation of turning that knob ... so retro yet in a supremely modern package . Ergonomically , it 's just about perfect.The front has , besides the speaker , a large tuning knob , a volume knob , and the on/off/AM / FM knob . That 's it . That 's all you really need.The back has the extendible antenna , mini-jacks for AUX IN and headphones , as well as the power cord . All the connectors thoughtfully come with attached rubber plug-covers to prevent exposure from unwanted elements.It feels rugged and solid in construction , and I ca n't wait to start using it elsewhere ... out by the pool , washing the car ... I just might have to go buy another one or two ... In all seriousness , having owned many radios in the past ... Sony , Bose , etc. . . so far I 'm happiest with this one !
 I have a friend who had one and could not wait to get one for my self . The sound is fantastic , rich sounding amazing for coming out of such a small box and one speaker .
 serves its purpose . Lovely little device . Very happy with it . Got this for my wife for a Christmas present and she uses it all the time . Comes with a mini-mini cable to plug in an iPod or Android phone to play off of that device .
 Buy this one for FM/AM receptor only - it is INCREDIBLE . Do n't think you should buy this as speaker for I-pod / other devices - too expensive . I love the sound of IPAL when playing FM/AM at low-mid volume . Vocal sound is beautiful - i wish i could explain better but it 's really great . Battery life varies a lot depending on how loud I play it but overall it 's acceptable and i do n't feel like i have to recharge it too much . Bass will go bad if you play at high volume .
 I 've had my PAL for 5 years and it 's done everything I 've asked it to . I 've taken it to the beach , into the garden , into the bathroom -LRB- but not the shower -RRB- . The finish held up well , but mine 's not glossy and it has a great battery life , I 've played the thing for 5 + hrs again and again and it still does its job . Only now has the AM/FM/off dial started to wiggle a little and so sometimes the channel is dropped . The sound is n't perfect , but it 's a single speaker and it 's not ceramic , but it 's portable , durable , nice to look at , gets me radio and hooks to my iPAD . It 's small and packs well . I 've used the heck out of my little PAL and when it dies , I 'm absolutely certain that I 'll get another . Before my PAL , I bought a separate radio/iPod docking thing for $ 30 bucks and hated it , so I went a little pricier and I have had no complaints at all with my PAL .
 We purchased the iPal after a good search for a portable radio/iPod device . It is everything you read about and we 've had it now for just over a year.Issue is the On/Off switch wears out and you start to hear a hum issue when you turn the iPal on or off . It 's past the warranty period so now I 'm hoping to get another part of a year out of it . I 'm also starting to see where to get a replacement switch because we love the unit . May not be successful so an expensive radio for just a year 's use.My advice - keep shopping .
 I really like this radio . This is the second one I bought so I could use it at work . They do n't take up any space and the sound quality is actually pretty good . I like the ability to use AC instead of relying on batteries all the time and the hook up to my iphone so I can listen to my own music is good to have .
 In a word , the Tivoli PAL is indispensable . It functions for us chiefly as a kitchen radio and certainly within that function it far surpasses anything else we 've ever owned . We spend quite a bit of time in our little kitchen and enjoy catching NPR programs -LRB- we 're lucky enough to live near a vibrant and diverse public radio station -RRB- . This radio and its little speaker sound very close to as good as our BOSE wave radio in our living room . A wonderful added bonus is the ability to plug in our ipod and listen to hours of great music as well . It has in such a regular way become part of our life.The PAL really shines , however , through its fantastic portability . When gardening , having friends over in the back yard , or vacationing to the beach or the mountains , the PAL follows us around reliably and provides a much clearer and less awkward source of great music . We no longer have to open windows ; we no longer have to rely on laptops or TVs to be makeshift ipod speakers ; we no longer have to settle for the crummy radio at a beach house or a hotel.I should not that I did consider the Songbook , but seemed dubious of it 's taller -LRB- and thus less stable -RRB- size , it 's higher cost -LRB- we got a great deal on our PAL -RRB- , and its multitude of features that we would probably end up neglecting to use.I have recommended these little radios to many friends since purchase and simply ca n't imagine a situation where they would not get regular use .
 I got mine years ago when they first came out . The style , the soft beauty of whatever sort of rubbery-flocksy kind of finish , the legendary designer and the promised performance was compelling enough to buy.The controls are especially nice , with a precise and quality feel to them . The radio is very heavy for its size , obviously filled with good stuff , the reception is much better than my BMW 's radio parked in the same location and it has a nice , quality sound to it . The battery lasts a long time.If played alongside my Sony clock radio of about the same size , the difference is huge and the Tivoli weighs about 3X as much!Mine was to be used as an inside radio , but has n't been in the house for many years now . It is in the garage , the shop , the yard and even gone fishing . It has acquired a patina of heavy and inappropriate use , a real beater that would not look good in the house at all now.The battery pack finally died after a , has it really been that long ? , decade -LRB- ! -RRB- of constant use . I ordered a new one , and an antenna as the old one was broken in half after a fall off a fence.The parts were shipped promptly and now it is as good as new functionally . Nothing will remove the grease , bent grill , fish juice , charcoal smudges , etc.All well worth it , though .
 This little radio has the best tuner I have ever seen in ANY radio . Picks up stations that other radios ca n't come close to receiving , even with background hiss.Full , rich sound . Worth every penny !
 I was having reception difficulties in my office with my previous radio , an upscale CD/radio/alarm combo by a well-known manufacturer ... I just could n't seem to get my favorite radio station , KROQ here in L.A. , to come in with any regularity.When my home alarm clock broke , I took the office one home -LRB- its ' alarm is super cool ... -RRB- and bought this one . I have to say I 've been completely surprised and impressed at it 's performance.It receives the signal much better , and the sound is astonishing clear and crisp coming from that one little speaker ! It 's a joy to use . The tactile sensation of turning that knob ... so retro yet in a supremely modern package . Ergonomically , it 's just about perfect.The front has , besides the speaker , a large tuning knob , a volume knob , and the on/off/AM / FM knob . That 's it . That 's all you really need.The back has the extendible antenna , mini-jacks for AUX IN and headphones , as well as the power cord . All the connectors thoughtfully come with attached rubber plug-covers to prevent exposure from unwanted elements.It feels rugged and solid in construction , and I ca n't wait to start using it elsewhere ... out by the pool , washing the car ... I just might have to go buy another one or two ... In all seriousness , having owned many radios in the past ... Sony , Bose , etc. . . so far I 'm happiest with this one !
 I just got this little speaker for Christmas with a creative zen touch and I am incredibly impressed with the quality and the sound . The built in extendable antenna can reach quite far and radio channels are clear with no static.When I plugged this baby into my zen touch and turned it on , I was so impressed by the sound quality . It is almost as good as my 5.1 stereo !!!!!! I am not joking . I actually had my mom confused because she was convinced that the sound was coming from our large stereo and she could n't find any evidence that the stereo was on . I also felt that it could get quite a lot louder then I had expected.The iPal is much smaller then it appeared to me online , as well . It 's really small ! I actually felt kind of ripped off when I took it out of the box , because I had paid quite a lot for such a dinky little thing . It is very portable.A word of caution
 Finally got mine today from J&R ; , which sells their gear here through Amazon as well ... First off , the web photos of all the various versions of the PAL/iPAL are not very accurate and the actual radios look very different in person . Also , the SongBook from Tivoli is much bigger than the PAL for those considering that option.For me , there is really 2 choices in the color scheme , either get the iPAL or one of the other rubberized solid colored PALs . Under the store lighting at J&R ; , none of the rubber versions look great , except maybe the black and white . The brown , blue , gray , red , yellow , and green all looked rather dull and cheap . I asked to see the yellow and red up close and was impressed by the feel of that rubber coating . It is very reassuring in transporting those radios around , as the skin is like a surgical glove . That 's the best part . The bad part was that fingerprints , smears , and grease stains were all over that rubber skin . The saleman tells me that these display models had been there for 6 to 12 months . I figure these black marks must be hard to get off , as all of the colored PALs had them all over their surfaces . The lighter versions ; white , red , yellow , and green showed the dirt more clearly than the darker versions.If you want your PALs to look clean and do n't care to wash your hands before every use , do n't get the rubber versions . The iPAL had no rubber skin , so you simply wipe it clean with a cotton cloth . Easy . The bad part is that the handling of the iPAL is less secured . I can see how one can drop it by accident.I had intended to get the yellow version , but after seeing one in person , decided to get the iPAL instead.Sonically , I did n't find any major difference between the colored PALs when compared with the iPAL , but the rubber enclosures did seem to have a deeper bass.I could n't get many AM stations at the store , but the FM stations were coming in loud and clear.At home , the AM stations were no problem here in Queens , NYC . The bass of this 2.5 '' speaker is pretty amazing.Overall , I think this tiny radio is sonically better than my Bose radio with those stereo speakers.Have fun picking one for yourself .
 I spend a lot of time working around the house and garden and this radio is an indispensable companion . I 've had mine for about 4 years and use it at least once or twice a week . Mostly I listen to NPR but also hook up my ipod from time to time . The rechargeable battery is still going strong . I can easily get a whole day out of it . And Tivoli sells a replacement battery if necessary.On the sound - yes it 's mono but here 's the thing ... you can not get stereo imaging out of a radio this small . Tivoli figured wisely that one good speaker is better than two so-so speakers that only give the visual appearance of stereo imaging . The sound has suprising depth and warmth for such a small package that never fatigues the ear . The volume is limited to about a 50ft listening radius.On the reception - it is good but not as good as some of the other reviewers have reported in my experience . I have had occasional trouble with interference as I 've walked past the radio even outdoors . And it was no better than any other radio at picking up the ball game at work . The reception is okay but do n't expect miracles.On the portability - yes it is a brick . I would strongly recommend the optional carrying bag if you plan to use it as I do . It has pockets specifically designed for the ipod and it does a good job of protecting your gear as you toss it around -LRB- it 's a thick , soft canvas material -RRB- . The long strap makes it a grab-and-go item.On the quality - the iPAL has a quality feel to it . Sturdy construction and a pleasing feel to the controls . Unlike other electronic items I 've owned the attached rubber protective caps for the inputs on the back are still intact after much use . And I have put mine through the paces . Dropped it off a ladder , left it out in the rain for a bit , tossed it into the car and around work . Have had no issues whatsoever . The carry bag is tough as well.One final note - the iPAL is no different than any of the other PALs that come in different colors by Tivoli . The PAL predates the ipod and Tivoli just made a white one , included a white 3.5 cable and added the `` i '' to the name to cash in on the ipod craze . You can get any color you like and get your own cable for the ipod.I 'm not kidding about the title . I buy a lot of gadgets and this is my favorite simply because of the countless hours of hassle-free entertainment I 've gotten out of it . If my house burned to the ground this would be one of the first items I would replace.Update April 2011 - just replaced the battery . Works as good as new . Still a much used item .
 I was looking for a small radio to keep in my bathroom so I could listen to NPR while getting ready for work in the mornings . Unfortunately , there 's only one outlet in the bathroom , and it 's nowhere near where I wanted a radio to live . So I started researching battery-operated radios , and eventually ran across the Tivoli PAL Radio . While I was a bit startled by the high price , I decided to jump in and purchase it anyway based on the overwhelmingly positive reviews I 'd read about it.When the Tivoli PAL arrived , I was like a kid in Santa 's workshop ! I ripped it open and set it to work . It fits perfectly in my bathroom , picks up all sorts of stations I ca n't get on other radios in the house or car , has a very nice `` feel '' when tuning , and gives off a great sound that I can hear over both the shower and bathroom fan . I 'm thrilled with it , and the only reason I do n't purchase more of them is that more would be unnecessary . If I want a radio in another area of the house , I simply grab this and go - no messy cords to get in the way!Highly recommended .
 This is a fantastic radio ! The sound is great . It can be used wirelessly . I take it all over the house with me . It is a great size . The reception is perfect , I have never extended the antenna . It works well with my ipod . It was a great purchase . It was hard to find in a store , we finally purchased it from Tweeter , but we had to go to a few of them . I do n't know why this little guy is n't sold everywhere . If you are looking for a great radio with perfect sound this is the one for you .
 Gave it as a gift to my father-in-law . He loves it
 This is a sweet little item . I have used it to replace about 7 cubic feet of other , inferior equipment . The old stereo , radio and boombox will go into the yard sale . All my cds have been copied onto my iMac and iPod . -LRB- These 3 items were purchased from Amazon , where I have always gotten very good service and price -RRB- Never again will a cd ` jewel box ' burst open all over the floor after a life-and-death tussle . Now all my music , plus whatever radio show I am listening to , follow me wherever I go . I just pick the iPal up by its head , unplug it and travel on.The sound is very , very good , whether I am playing from the iPod or the radio . . I know it is better than my old equipment . But there can be a little buzz . I would have given 41/2 stars if i could have . Do n't forget to adjust your settings on your iPod to small speakers or spoken word . Also try turning the volume down . But the first time I listened to it , I was blown away . I can understand lyrics which were a mystery before . I can finally tell that the voices of the radio announcers are superior to most of us folks . And listening to a good singer well recorded-Ella , Nana Mouskouri , Billie Holiday , Sinatra , kd lang-wow ! I can hear instrumentation I did n't know existed.I have not timed the battery , but it seems to last and last . I tote it from the kitchen to the studio , outdoors to chop wood -LRB- me , not the iPal . It ca n't do everything -RRB- and finally upstairs to bed where I fall asleep listening to a book or playlist.Because it is so small and good looking , it has improved my housekeeping -LRB- no huge equipment to clean -RRB- and I have more room to spread things out on shelves that formerly held the other stuff . When I want to disco , I use the iMac remote speakers . The iPal can get pretty loud if you want it , but it is best at a moderate volume . Most things are . Do n't kill your hearing .
 I bought this for my husband . We have used it out in the gazebo , while doing yard work or just while we goof off . You get great radio reception from it and we also use it to play our iPods through . It 's like a mini stereo with a huge , well balanced sound . It does a superb job with any genre of music . It performs as well as , or better than our `` Cambridge '' brand clock radio/CD or my friend 's `` Bose '' radio . So , for the money this is a wonderful buy , portable or not .
 I LOVE my iPal . I carry it from room to room , like Linus and his blanket . It really is my pal !!!
 This is the third PAL radio I 've purchased . Love it so much had to get one for my son . It has amazing sound and the battery lasts a long time . Would highly recommend it !
 The iPal is a beautiful and well-constructed piece of equipment . It has great tonal range for the single speaker and portable form . It should have been designed with a handle though.It gets great reception although it can be subject to electrical interference when moving about the room . I find that fine-tuning the dial usually eliminates this completely.The dials feel great to move . I love the tuner dial with the geared indicators , it is easy to tun it just right . Very smooth with just the right amount of resistance . You do n't have to worry about bumping the dials on accident.It has a solid , quality feel to it all around.I 've not used my iPod on it . It comes with a simple stereo mini jack male-male cable so any MP3/Tape/CD player would provide input.I would recommend Tivoli Audio iPAL to any of my friends or family .
 The iPAL is simply amazing . I 'd used other speakers for the ipod before , but never got this kind of sound . It 's a great little package that you can carry to the garden , garage or beach , plays as loud as you want , long time between charges and again , it sounds spectacular . Totally unexpected . The design is excellent - simple , sleek and extremely functional . The tuner works well also . It 's so convenient , I 've stopped listening to my stereo altogether .
 I own five of these radios . The quality , performance , and features are exceptional . I am quite pleased . Too bad the model I own only seems to be manufactured now as a new horizontal unit . The old vertical style had slightly more utility in a small space .
 I purchased this radio when I lived at the bottom of a large hill and all of my existing radio 's got poor reception . The reception on this radio is great and the sound quality is excellent . I have since purchase one for my Mom . We are both extremely happy with this radio and it is well worth the price .
 Great dynamics for a single speaker . Tuner is excellent ; precision analog feel . Best pick up I 've experienced with a telescoping antenna . Works well with iPod FM or any mike jack . Simple , solid , portable music .
 I have looked at these for years and tried several boom boxes and job site radios with no success . Reception is always an issue even when I have 4-5 good public radio stations to choose from . This little unit has great reception and I would definitely recommend it .
 $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a portable radio?Worth every penny . This little gem is a great addition - whether it just gets moved around the house , garage or garden , or finds a permanent home in a biookshelf or kitchen counter.The sound from this radio is quite stunning given its size . The on/off and volume switches are a little fiddly , but you soon get used to them.We live in something of a valley , radio reception has never been great . This thing though , picks out radio stations we never thought we 'd be able to tune in to.I even connected the earphone socket into my ` audio in ' on the family stereo ... you know , just to see if it would work . Great idea ! Despite a single speaker on the unit itself , the headphone output is in stereo.On a full charge , this will keep you going for an entire day , no problem at all.The surface of the unit has an almost rubberized texture - most definitely not got the feel of ` black plastic ' . I 've picked this thing up with wet/damp hands , near frozen hands and gloves - with not so much as a slip.The input/output DC in ports each have rubber plugs to keep unwanted dirt or moisture from the openings .
 I just hooked my Ipod to the Audio PAL and let it GO ... the sound is amazing . This radio is worth the price .
 The Tivoli Pal and iPal -LRB- they 're the same radio -RRB- are very simple , but pleasing radios . Does n't have the latest features such as HD , Sirius or XM reception . But it does have a built-in rechargeable battery . Another great feature is that because it 's so simple and has no alarm or clock , I never have to worry about flashing lights or any other annoyances.I use the iPal in my kitchen , where the small footprint is much appreciated . It would also be useful on a bathroom counter . I also like the built-in rechargeable battery -- should keep the radio going for a few hours in case of power outage or emergency . Also nice if you like to carry the radio around the house or outdoors.The sound quality is good , given its small mono speaker . I assume you can get better audio quality from the iPal 's stereo headphone output , but I have n't tried that.If you want to use the Pal/iPal with an iPod or other audio device , the input is stereo and so is the headphone output , as I mentioned before . The Aux input and the headphone output are on the back of the radio . However , there is no `` Aux '' setting on the front of the radio , so you 'll need to plug the iPod into the radio when you want to listen to your iPod through the Tivoli , then unplug your iPod when you want to go back to listening to the radio . An `` Aux '' setting on the front of the Tivoli would be a useful addition.Another note
 All the accompanying reviews are really excellent . So what more could I add ? Well , just to make the point of how amazing this radio is , I will propose you a TEST.For years I heard a claim stating that to know how good a Hi-Fi system is , just use it to play a piano `` solo '' recording . I tried it with my iPAL and am still amazed . How can such a little radio perform so well !? Since 1 test is 1000 words worth , I suggest you to perform the same test . After that , if you already got one , will surely be even prouder and happier , else , if do n't own one yet , will surely buy the radio without hesitation .
 I am so glad I read other reviews before choosing this radio . It is perfect . Excellent tone and sound for such a compact radio .
 Excellent radio - all it 's cracked up to be ! Tuning easy , audio clear . Love that it is portable and weather resistant .
 So portable , so easy and simple , and such an awesome sound from this little box . Tivoli makes it very easy for non-technical consumers to enter the new explosion of technology !
 This is a good radio but it is expensive . I like my iPal but looking back I would have been better served purchasing a nice Bluetooth speaker . I do love the classic look of the device . And the rechargeable battery is great . It is definitely a nice product , just may not be the best value out there .
 Buy this ultilitarian ` black box ' radio if like me :1 -RRB- You want a practical -LRB- simple -RRB- analog tuner . Twisting the two dials Volume + Tuner combined with the outstanding reception capabilities should satify all but those who have esoteric and extravagant needs . Or course you 'll have to jiggle the antenna , but , it can take it .2 -RRB- You do not relish trips to the big box for enormous cellophane packs of batteries . This baby plays off the power grid as long as you need to listen . The rechargable battery concept works well . I have not drained it during my day or night usage .3 -RRB- You have need of comforting sounds in an exposed climatological condition . In other words ; outside in the Sun , cold , heat or rain . It will not fail . If you can take it - it can .4 -RRB- Enjoy a lot of noise from a little package . I have a tin ear and am more concerned with the relative clarity and the ability to actually aquire a local FM station without the annoying conflict of competing stations or static . Volume is as much as the normal hearing person should require .5 -RRB- If one day when you as I become technologically gifted , the PAL will be capable of elevating my IPOD -LRB- Following my potential purchase of one -RRB- to the tactile boom box heights I prefer to the pathetic squeaks from isolated earbuds normally associated with micro sound devices . Hell , if I can hear it - Why should ` nt the neighborhood.My only extremely idle complaint is that the attached waterproof jack ports have attached covers that should have hinged skyward rather than on the downward side . In reality the rain does not penetrate , but , I like to keep things simple and would have placed the hinge on top rather than on the bottom . Buy or borrow one and you 'll see what I mean . As long as the rain falls from above I like my idea . As far as the dynamics of circuitry , I 'll leave that to the geniuses that design such products.I have had numerous extreme outdoor radios that have not outlived me . Pound for pound this one probably will.Just in case I am buying another .
 I have had this product for a long time . It has great sound and amazing ability to pick up far away stations . I have never had a problem mechanically , -LRB- the outside has worn a bit -RRB- . I am very surprised on the price though . I bought it for $ 129 and it has gone the opposite way of most electrical products - UP !! And it is no different now than 5 yrs ago .
 I 'm not sure what I was expecting when I bought this thing . Based on the reviews I was expecting something to compete with my iPod Hi-Fi in a package one tenth the size , but that is n't what this thing is about.What I found was that it does indeed have good sound , esecially when used on FM . With my iPod though I had to pay more attention to the settings to get the right sound and sometimes it did n't seem as loud as the FM and easily distorted with certain types of music.None the less , I consider this to be a wonderful personal portable radio . Great for the office , bedroom , kitchen , or on the table during dinner . In a lot of ways the sound is just right . Just the right volume and clarity to give it many uses without being overpowering . Overall I 'd give it 5 stars for the radio and 4 for the iPod . I 'd also give it 6 stars for the built in rechargable battery which combined with it 's very small size adds a huge amount of flexiblity to it .
 -LSB- One small catch
 To me , the most outstanding thing about this radios is its tuner . It brings in clear sound from stations that my other radios can not receive at all . If a signal is not clear , the sound quality does n't matter . This baby has both great sound and amazing tuning capability .
 I chose the Tivoli over many other competing brands and makes/models for my iPod . The advantages
 I have had my PAL portables and table tops and clock radio models for over 10 years now . The sound is amazing , and I have experienced no volume problems on my radios -LRB- I have about 5 of their products -RRB- . HOWEVER , the peeling has occurred on the bright yellow PAL radio . The black one and the blue one have had no problems . The yellow is sticky and even gently cleaning with detergent and damp cloth does not alleviate the situation.I am sorry to read that their customer service is not good . I guess I 'll just keep it till it falls apart . I read a review where a person has a black one that is peeling , but that has not been the case with my black one.I highly recommend this product for the tuning , the volume and tonality . I have used it to play my small audio products through and now my iPod.BUT , I do n't understand the almost 100 % price hike . For that , I do n't think would replace with current Tivoli products . That does n't make sense to me , sorry.Tivoli , if you are reading this , what gives ?
 This is an outstanding portable radio . I purchased this to use with my Boy Scout troop for outings since the rechargeable batters have a very long life . We could turn this on for short periods of time to get weather or news -LRB- or tunes while we unloaded gear and it will easily work for several days without being pluged in . I did op for the case as this makes carrying it much easier using a shoulder strap . All in all this is a great product . It has one of the best tuners I 've every used . It sounds great with an iPhone or iPod pluged in ! Other than the fact that it is pricy I can think of only one other con for this unit , the screws on the battery door are soft and the heads can easily strip if you do n't use EXACTLY the right size screwdriver . After years of use I 've just replace my first battery . Easy to find one on Amazone and at $ 22.00 for the replacement I can happily say it has cost me only about 6 or 7 dollars a year to replace the battery . Oh by the way , rain does n't bother this unit much either.Highly recommended .
 As an owner of two Pal radios , my impressions are 95 % positive . One radiodeveloped a slight harmonic buzzing ... not good . The other significant issue , ... the price ; it should be a sixty or seventy dollar radio ... not $ 200 .
 There are as many classes of radios out there as there are people who listen to them . The first thing that comes to mind if you see this radio online is `` Why $ 150 for a three-knob radio ? '' Most consumers expect digital tuning , stereo sound , and lots of lights and buttons for this price point . This radio 's price is justified by what 's inside . Let 's talk about what this unit is.The Tivoli iPAL is a portable AM/FM radio that is powered by an internal -LRB- and customer replaceable -RRB- nickel metal hydride battery . It includes an earphone jack , an auxilliary input jack and external power jack . There is a telescoping rod antenna for FM reception and a built-in ferrite coil for AM . The controls are simple
 I bought this speaker knowing full well that it was mono , but I wanted the battery , the radio , the good sound quality , and the relatively small size.I was shocked at first at how small it was when I opened the box - -LRB- especially after reading about how big it was on other reviews -RRB- it 's a dinky little bookshelf speaker - how could it possibly get good sound ? But it does . Volume is controlled both on the speaker , AND on the iPod , and cranking it up all the way made it quite loud , and no hint of distortion was to be found . Very rich sound.However , it * is * mono , and it 's noticeable that the sound is coming from only one source , and it 's less `` dimensional '' than a stereo system . A hint - the sound is better if it 's coming from in front of you , so that you can hear it equally in both ears.I still gave it 5 stars , because it 's not * supposed * to be a stereo system - it 's meant to be easily moveable from room to room , or tossed in a backpack -LRB- but not a briefcase -RRB- , or whatever , and still provide EXCELLENT quality sound , and it delivers perfectly .
 I live in Los Angeles where many stations compete and go in and out , especially with the pathetic pig tail antennas that are stuck like a joke in the back of many radios . But the Tivoli has a great antenna and is easy to use . I only wish this radio had digital tuning presets . Also do n't be turned off by the one mono speaker . Its sound is clear and brilliant.Post Script
 I truly believe the iPAL is currently the best option available as a viable portable speaker system for the iPod , or for any mp3 player/discman , for that matter ... The build quality is exceptional , as is true of all Tivoli products , and the elegant `` retro '' looks of the PAL have been tailored , in this case , to complement all generations -LRB- including the new 4G 's -RRB- of the iPod.Connection to the iPod is achieved via an auxiliary input and an included `` iPod white '' minijack cable that utilizes either the headphone jack or the line out of the iPod dock . -LRB- A cleaner , highly attenuated and more dynamic connection can be achieved by purchasing a SiK imp , thereby utilizing the 3G/4G iPod 's proprietary dock connector -RRB- The iPAL is powered by an environmentally friendly rechargeable battery that lasts up to 15 hours at modest volume levels.There is also a superb AM/FM tuner section on board , controlled by a smooth , 5:1 ratio tuning dial that also serves to aesthetically balance the speaker grille.The iPAL 's sound quality is rich , warm and detailed , with convincing instrument timbres . Some elements of the music , especially percussion and acoustic guitars , seem to `` bloom '' outside the confines of the cabinet , providing a lively soundstage that belies the iPAL 's monaural output . The bass response is impressive for a single 2-1/2 '' speaker , and the unit can achieve sufficient clean volume levels to fill modest spaces with quality sound.Forget about those `` oh-so-cute '' inMotion speakers . The iPAL is your best option for serious , near-audiophile sound reproduction in an elegant , portable package that will complement , if not upstage , your iPod while externalizing your digital music collection .
 If you like to listen to radio and need to bring it with you -LRB- from room to room , camping , backyard , etc. -RRB- , then this is the one . The sound is fantastic and clear ; the reception strong , and the design well done . Easy to carry , easy to hold , easy to recharge.Strange that I could think so fondly about a radio .
 The iPal from Tivoli Audio is very useful for those who want to play their iPod aloud in a place where there is n't too much outside noise and where an electrical outlet is n't available . This might include picnics , the patio , or any other place where electric is n't convenient . The tuner is typical top-notch Tivoli and the sound is very good for such a small unit provided you are in a fairly quite atmosphere . Also , the iPal is extremely portable , small enough to slip into your backpack . It might also make a great office radio / iPod speaker ! If you work in a noisy factory , or other noisy environment , you will be disappointed with the iPal 's lack of `` oooomph '' . For this reason , along with the somewhat high price of this unit , I ca n't give it a fifth star.If you just want some nice portable speakers for your iPod and you do n't need the tuner , you might want to consider a pair of high quality computer speakers for your iPod like the Bose MediaMate for half the price and you 'll get far more volume and much better sound . Pick up an inexpensive video camera bag from the store for your speaker -LRB- s -RRB- ... -LRB- about $ 20.00 -RRB- with side pouches for your iPod , and cables and you are in business ! HAVE FUN !
 I adore NPR , but I live in a little NPR-free nook between two very large NPR broadcasting stations . Try as I might , I have NEVER been able to get one of my former radios to grab the signal successfully . Until today.I 've seen this product in catalogues and thought , `` Yeah , yeah , yet another designer radio . '' Then I saw a sedate black one sitting on a friend 's kitchen counter and asked if she liked it . She gushed . I became that little bit more persuaded -LRB- still gasping at the manufacturer-regulated price -RRB- . Yesterday I took the plunge and today -LRB- normal delivery even !! -RRB- my new best friend arrived . I 'm in love . Out of the package , Fast-Charged for about 21/2 hours -LRB- although you can trickle charge while listening with no deleterious effect on the battery -RRB- and I am at long last on the receiving end of a crystal clear , static-free aural relationship with NPR . Did n't even have to extend the antenna!You can plug it in and listen . You can charge the internal NiMH battery and listen . You can use it with your iPod -LRB- plus one of those FM transmitter gadgets -RRB- for headset - or earbud-free enjoyment of your iPod 's collection either at home or at large . There 's a headphone jack . And there is an auxiliary input jack that lets you plug in a portable CD player or mp3 device and listen through the radio 's speaker . Attached rubber caps protect the jack inputs when you are n't using them.It 's cute in a simple , elegant way . The size and shape suit my cluttery available spaces . It 's much heavier than you 'd expect ... feels as solid as a tank . Rubberized exterior ? Do n't think iPod skin , think something more like a velvety soft metal that does n't show fingerprints -LRB- your finger nail tapping on the surface will say `` metal '' -RRB- . Controls are dialable luxury , with an incredibly satisfying resistance . And the sound is absolutely worth writing home about.Being in my Green Period , I chose the green , despite serious misgivings based on the colour my computer screen comes up with for this product . Spring Green on my system winds up looking something like an icy green-blue , sea-foamy mist colour . Fortunately , Spring Green is more on the `` Forest '' end of the spectrum , only a little bit softer and a little bit bluer . The knobs , however , could qualify for that mist colour!Yesterday I was shaking my head , questioning my sanity for spending this kind of money on a radio . Today I do n't regret a penny of it . Who could want for anything more ?
 I wanted a little boombox-type thing to take my ipod to the beach with my firends . I did n't want to carry a giant ghetto blaster . I usually do n't spend alot on stero equipment , and I am usually unhappy with what I buy . The price of this unit was n't crazy , so I took a chance on this one . Man , it is great . I could n't believe that it sounded like a big stereo and looked like a transistor radio -LRB- well . . a little bigger . -RRB- Now , the beach is n't quiet , and people were strolling by and asking each other `` where is that music coming from ? `` Also , many of the ipod boomboxes do n't let you navigate the ipod menu when you insert them . This one attaches with the included plug/wire , so your ipod is tethered , not inserted , therefore accessible . No batteries to worry about either , as you simply recharge it . I recharged mine overnight and never ran out of juice over the course of an 6-7 hour constant play.I did buy the ipal carrying case offered on amazon . I used the strap on the carrying case to hang the tivoli right on the ribs of the beach umbrella ! Then I just put my ipod in a ziploc bag , left the zipper open just enough for the plug for the tivoli to fit through , and could click around from my chair !! Do n't laugh about the ziploc !! I know it is n't fancy , but I could see through it , use the click wheel through it , and keep out the sand/mist ... all for the price of about 1 cent!The tivoli now sits unobtrusively in my kitchen where I alternate radio and ipod . I could n't tell if the colored radios come with the ipod input jack or not , so I just ordered the white one ... I would have preferred another color , but I still completely love it .
 My two cents here only reinforces what a few others have said before . This compact and rugged little radio has impressive sound and better than average reception . I can pull in every station in my town with only minor adjustments to its antenna for FM and positional changes of the entire box for AM.Truly , the sound quality and frequency response is surprising . It has a bit of that Bose wow factor to it . It gets decent lows and highs at a very listenable level without any distortion . Any audiophile would appreciate its overall output.So here is what keeps this little piece of ear candy from receiving all 5 stars
 This is a great am/fm ipod player . The sound is great for something that is not stereo . I would highly recommand this to anyone that wants portable music
 Due to price , rubberized coating , and being mono , I was hesitant to purchase the iPal . Well , I broke down after reading so many positive reviews . I just got it so I ca n't speak for the longetivity of the battery or the durbility of the cabinet , but if first impressions are worth anything , the iPal is great . The `` iPod white '' cabinet is NOT `` rubberized '' which no one could tell me for sure before ordering . Cleaning and wear should not be an issue . As for the battery , it is at least replaceable . I wo n't bore anyone with the re-hashing of all the other raves about this radio ... I 'll just say believe them.I 'm sitting in awe of the sound coming out of this thing right now !
 My daughter living in Peru asked if I could get this for her . Since shipping things to Peru does n't necessarily get to the person you want it to it was sent to an east coast address where a friend was going to be visiting her . They put it in their luggage and delivered it to her . She absoulutely loves it . . so mothers are always happy when they can make their adult daughters happy . She was the one that picked it out online . I 'm the one who ordered and paid for it .
 The tuner works really well . The charge lasts a long time -LRB- six hours -RRB- . The speaker is small and will get dirty or not a clean sound if it is turned up too much . I use it where I do n't have any power so it is better than nothing . Lastly , the cost is $ 130 and I think I would n't pay a penny more for this product . Having said all of this I 'm glad I made the purchase because I was feelin it ...
 I was looking for a different looking radio for my bathroom and I believe I have found it . I have only had it for a month but everything seems fine . I have only one comment . It would have been nice to have a sound control option , for me it has too much bass but I can live with it .
 Great product . Pricey but well worth it for the sound , features and battery life .
 This is one of the easiest portable speakers I have come across . The fact that you have a rechargable battery is an incredible feature . When hooking up my Ipod , past speakers sytems used up batteries by the pack . Great for trips , beaches and even golf outings as it fits well on a golf cart .
 Great sound.Back : AUX in the back , for use with mp3 player.Headphone jackFront : Dial
 Great sound ! I have n't experienced the infamous Tivoli analog station drift on this iPAL . I own a Model One and it has station drift . I like the size of the iPAL - it is so small it fits into an empty 8-count poptart box . I do wish Tivoli came out with a larger , single speaker-ed , digitally-tuned , portable model comparable to the iPAL , that is NOT the Songbook ! I also own a Songbook , not the best work from Tivoli Audio . The iPAL sounds twice as good as the Songbook . I like the simplicity of the analog tuning , but I would welcome a digital version so I could quickly change stations when idiotic commercials are played . I mostly listen to FM , so I ca n't comment on AM reception . FM reception is excellent . The batteries are good . I like the nice , grippy rubbery footies on the iPAL . I use the iPAL every day . On another note , I like radios that ARE radios . I do n't need satellite , internet , wifi , blah blah blah on a radio . I do want a high quality Tivoli AM and FM radio that has an integral 32 or 64 GB storage system that will play MP3s and WMAs and radio . That may never happen , but maybe the power of the Herculodge can help that evolve . hmmmm.I give the iPAL the 5 star rating it deserves . It does everything it has been designed for perfectly . Build quality feels good . Time will tell if it gets station drift . but for now , this iPAL is as solid as expected from Tivoli . : -RRB- By the way , as usual , Amazon quickly took my order and processed it efficiently . I trust Amazon . I 've been purchasing from Amazon even way back when they did just books . Amazon has integrity .
 Like other Tivoli radios , the PAL has an excellent tuner -LRB- why are n't all radios this good ? -RRB- that easily picks up NPR where other radios do n't . Sound is very well balanced , though not quite as good as the Model 1 . However , the rechargeable battery makes this far and away my favorite radio . It 's easy to pack for several nights in a hotel or to carry into the yard . I even used it to find a break in a 1,200 ' invisible dog fence !
 The sound quality in published reviews is overrated . That the sound quality is generally considered `` excellent '' is more a testimony to how bad are other similar products . It is NOT a mini Bose Wave Radio , not even close , the Bose being extraordinary for its size . If you have room -LRB- space -RRB- , that 's the best choice . The `` bass '' in this Tivoli is muddled or missing , the mid-range is boomy or overly resonant within the plastic cabinet , and the treble is not crisp & well-defined . -LRB- My 80 's era Proton 320 is better . -RRB- There are no tone controls . A quarter -LRB- coin -RRB- size additional tweeter would be a nice addition along with some acoustical damping material inside the `` cabinet '' to suppress the boomy resonance.The Tivoli iPal is overpriced . It is a $ 95 radio , tops . Therefore it is not a good value . It was purchased discounted to its current price because it is white and was the only radio of its small ` ish upright size to match the kitchen counter , cabinets , & appliances , etc. , and that had an integral telescoping antenna . It would be good if it could be tilted up a bit.The tuner in this unit , though the markings are imprecise and small -LRB- hard-to-see -RRB- , seems excellent and does a good job pulling-in weaker FM stations . The `` feel '' of the knobs is good . It would be good if a tuning LED-light was added . The built-in antenna is good , as is its portability , though it 's not travel sized.At a lower price , this review would be better .
 this radio proves the old adage `` you get what you pay for '' pricey yes , stereo no , quality -LRB- top drawer -RRB- . for a bookshelf speaker size radio , this baby delivers top notch tonal quality . the price HAS gone up , but its kind of like a portable bose that you can take on vacation . i have a bang & olafson system , but for day to day use this is great i live in georgetown where housing is old but solid , w a few of these units i have great music sound all around and it goes w me when i move . sure stereo would be nice , but the solid feel/quality more than makes up for it . i have several and have also given several as gifts ... great when you suffer through a power outage . i 'd def rec and buy again . just compare this baby to a cheap boom box . remember that henry kloss made handmade stereo receivers when they first came out 40 plus years ago in cambridge and before japan and china priced them out of the market strongly rec this and i dont often write such notes john in washington , d.c.
 This is a wonderful little radio . I bought it for my husband the audiophile , who enjoys relaxing after a hard day on the screened porched , with the news or his ipod . The sound quality of this small package is rich , tuner and reception are terrific . Won me lots of points .
 We have been using the iPAL radio for two weeks and are quite favorably impressed with its performance . Given its size , the sound quality is very good -LRB- although a bit heavy on base -RRB- . The tuner is precise and stable - particularly the FM frequencies . It tunes accurately and stays on station . This a desirable feature in our area -LRB- northern Colorado Front Range -RRB- which is `` saturated '' with FM stations -RRB- . The iPAL performs well using our iPod . It also sounds excellent with our Etymotic earbuds . The iPAL is our kitchen sound source from the notable FM public radio station KUNC and the iPod . We are very satisfied .
 THIS is the way to play an iPod ! I use this in my cabin -LRB- no electricity -RRB- with my iPod , which allows me rechargable access to my entire music library.I was going to buy the Altec Lansing inMotion speakers , but I wanted a radio , too . I 'm really glad I went the way I did ; the sound quality is far better than the little inMotion speakers , I got a GREAT , rechargable radio , and the thing looks really cool . I 'm very pleased.The only reason I did n't give this five stars is because it 's made in China . I prefer to buy USA made stuff , although that 's getting a whole lot harder to do .
 This radio has excellent , full sound , is nice and simple , quality feel in the knobs . Reception is dependent on where you are for the most part . The sound really does fill the room . I originally thought the charging system was a little confusing but have it down now . FM talk radio is really nice to listen to . I mostly do computer work and have it on and sometimes take it around the house depending on where I am . The simplicity and sound quality make it worth it . A little expensive though . 4 out of 5 because of the price . Can this thing be hooked up to a TV?May 15 , 2012 update - I just bought a battery upgrade for my iPal - -LRB- 2500mAh Xtra-Hi-Capacity Battery Upgrade -RRB- Question - for the price , why does n't the iPal come with the best battery available ? I had to pay $ 26 more for a battery that gives only 30 to 40 % more listening time between charges.Why not put a lithium Ion battery in there ?
 I 've owned this radio for about 3 years now and i 've had no problems with it . You ca n't find another portable radio of this size that provides the sound quality and durability that the PAL does . For those who think the price tag is high ... well you get what you pay for .
 The best portable am/fm radio I have ever owned ; and I have owned many . Great sound and a build it rechargeable battery that has a long life .
 The small size belies the big sound . I bought it for NPR and evening cooking music . Why take up kitchen deck space with anything larger ? My only complaint is that the reception is less clear than other reviews led me to expect . I live in NYC and have trouble with stations right here in the city . Maybe that 's a local problem since my old tuner is n't any good , either . But I 'd buy it again .
 This is a great radio . I 've been looking for a radio which is portable and well designed and this Tivoli is perfect . I highly recommend it !
 The radio is pretty good , but its a little expensive . . However it does look like it appears , so it is pretty good
 Because I use it so much , I needed another . It 's the only way I can receive the local PBS stations , which have such weak signals .
 It gives great sound and good reception . I wish it came with an iPod dock though . Glas they did n't put on the runbber coating of the past , because that wore off .
 Easy to use , good sound , takes up very little space . What else would you want ? And it is reasonably priced !
 I love my iPAL ! It produces excellent sound and holds its charge for a long time . It 's in my bathroom and I listen to it every day while getting ready -LRB- about 45 minutes total each morning -RRB- and I charge it every few weeks . That 's it ! Also , it is pretty easy on the eyes , too , no ? We 're buying a few more
 great little unit . good sound but no tweaks . great tuner . bought to play my ipod tunes which it does very well . just could be louder although bitrate has a lot to do with that . I play itunes on laptop through the ipal and that works excellent . not sure yet about battery life yet , have not had it long enough but it seems fine . might give battery 5 stars .
 Nothing bad but the price on this great radio . But if you want a 5-star radio you have to pay the price.The sound at all volume levels is superior to any other portable I have ever owned.The reception with this radio is even better than my shortwave radios on AM and I live in the desert surrounded by hills and mountains.The battery life is great at the sound level I like . The sound from that single speaker is full and warm ... like a tube radio.Nothing feels cheap about this radio and it certainly does n't look cheap.The only thing I do n't like is that there is no AUX position for my MP3 player . When you plug the player in it disables everything else so if you were listening to the player and then want to listen to the radio you need to unplug the player . This is a minor but unacceptable inconvenience on a radio of this quality and price.So if you want to buy a real good radio you may want to consider this one.I also own a Tivoli Model II and that is also another 5-star radio.Tivoli audio know how to make sound sound great .
 I move around the house alot and hang out at the kitchen table , desk , porch , living room The radio sounds great at lower volumes . I do n't need to crank the stereo anymore to hear my shows . I just carry the radio around to where I am and listen at lower volumes . It sounds really good and has nice receptoion . The analog tuner is a refreshing change , it 's very lo-tech and easy to use .
 I just got back from the store and plugged my iPod mini into this and am blown away by the quality of sound from such a small single speaker ! What 's nice is that I can also adjust the sound through the EQ on my mini to get even more crisp and clear sound . I 've also found that if I place the iPAL on the carpeted ground , the bass is enhanced significantly . I was unsure about paying this much for such a small item , but for its functionality and AM/FM radio I have no complaints . Money well spent !
 I 've looked at these for awhile now and finally bought one . I needed something for my bathroom and since the plug was n't situated in the right place this is perfect on my shelf . Reception is CLEAR and the unit is modern and cool looking . And I can plug in my little iShuffle too . It 'll be great for the backyard this summer . Worth the money . It 's changed my whole attitude in the early morning hours getting ready for work !
 We were never able to get my favorite NPR station from my home . This radio has given us beautiful and peaceful evenings of listening pleasure . Sound is brilliant , tuning extremely precise , the ability to pick it up and bring it in the yard when doing something -LRB- possibly not involving noisy engines -RRB- an added plus.It plays well with the Ipod attached ; will definitively travel with us . Simple , built with quality components , a must for the radio enthusiasts .
 Found to have very good clear sound . Reception Excellent . Would purchase again . Small but powerful .
 It may only be mono , but the iPal is an excellent sound source for the bath , or for carrying into the garage or onto the patio . Locking tuner is great .
 Being an audiophile , I 'm extremely picky about sound ; and let me tell you , nothing delivers cleaner sound than this little box for the price . Even high end audio magazines give Tivoli praise , and it is deserved . The sound is clean and accurate . I 've never wished this unit had bass or treble controls , because it does n't need them -- this is a perfectly tuned little speaker . If you 're looking for huge bass , you wo n't get it , but you get accurate bass and treble ; so accurate , that even at its diminutive size , it exploits bad quality recordings , like low bit rate mp3s . Yes , it 's mono , but when you have a micro sized portable system with stereo , it really does n't matter , you ca n't get the separation you want . I 'd rather have one really good speaker than two average speakers.If you 're into massive bass for hip hop and such , this may not be for you , but if you 're into accurate sound that 's pleasing to the ear , there is no better small speaker portable .
 I have had my yellow Tivoli for about 2 years and it sits on my desk at work . I either listen to the radio , or use the aux to plug my ipod in or my laptop.The sound this little yellow box puts out is a-mazing .
 My wife wanted this little radio for some time . I did n't see the point ... I was wrong ! This little guy follows us around the house and provides music wherever we are . I particularly like it because now my wife does n't have to blast her music to fill the entire house . She takes this little Pal where she wants and needs it . It has excellent sound quality but does lacks power . Her music of choice is classical so often the signal is not very strong but we find it 's loud enough , easy to use and very well designed . We look forward to bringing it out on our deck in the summer with our iPod .
 We have this , a One and a System Two . I am hard to please , but no expert . This sound has texture and depth . The IPal is easy to move around and fits in well with the decor in our rooms and office .
 This is a great radio ! This is my second , after several years of use ; around the house , in the garden , and everywhere else . I need one for work , too ! Everyone who 's heard it has gotten one . The best sound , and reception . And I love the analog dial . Call me old-fashioned , but I find it a lot easier to tune with a dial . And if your eyes are getting weak , there is no problem tuning this radio .
 After reading other reviews for this radio I ordered one for myself . I was not disappointed . I bought mine for use at the office and I love it . I am very impressed with the exception sound . The portability -LRB- I bought a carrying case for mine -RRB- Tivoli Audio PAL Carry Bag for iPAL and PALand the time between charges are great features . I mainly got it for use with my MP3 player , but the radio is good and has terrific reception at work . I just bought another as a gift for my mom .
 If you 're tired of small portable radios sounding like the brodcast comes from an old beer can you might look at this little gem . Not only good sound from a tiny box but a good tuner as well . Not as portable as the usual portable and more expensive ... You get what you pay for .
 Just received the Tivoli iPal . Another review said , `` do n't be surprised , it 's small , but has great sound . '' They were right on both counts . But , since we live in a rural county , for me , I needed a radio that could pull in a signal . I 've tried several with no luck ... The iPal delivers ! We do n't even have to use the antenna!I 'm amazed at the sound quality from such a small speaker and the smooth analog dial is first class.It 's good to see a product that exceeds expectations . Kudos!Barnwell , SC
 One of the best products I have ever purchased . The sound of this unit is incredible . It 's design is sleek and the array of colors fits any decor . It is easy to use . I would recommend this radio to everyone and anyone . You will not go wrong . Makes an excellent gift for you or anyone else .
 It is versatile and gives a nice full sound for such a small piece of equipment . I 'm happy with my purchase though the price could have been a bit lower .
 Although initially hesitant to spend so much money on such a tiny thing , I went ahead and took the plunge . It is perhaps the best $ 150 I ever spent ! The iPal is extremely versatile and portable . It 's not much larger than my hand , yet sounds as good as our full stereo system -LRB- OK , maybe not exactly as good , but extremely impressive for being so tiny -RRB- . The best part is that I can carry it to any room with ease -LRB- kitchen , back porch , hallway -RRB- and hook it up to my iPod , computer and CD player -LRB- anything with a headphone jack -RRB- . It also has a radio that gets great reception - I 'm able to pick up stations that our stereo system and other radios ca n't get . I am glad I decided to choose the Tivoli iPal over the Bose or Klipsch iPod speaker/dock systems , which sound great but are n't nearly as versatile .
 Do I recommend to iPod , despite the price ? The answer is a loud Yes . This product is wonderful . Holds more music then you may ever need . The interface is intuitive and easy to use . If you 're the type that needs to read instructions before even attempting to figure things out , well guess what , even you can use this product . The sound quality is great ; the size is petite and easy to put anywhere , whether it 's your pants pocket or your shirt pocket . The carrying case may seem skimpy but it actually does a good job of protecting the iPod . The case is similar to the hard plastic cases for cell phones where you slide the iPod out to make any adjustments but the case stays strapped to your belt . The remote is great to , again intuitive in use and after only a use or two you 'll have no problem hitting those buttons without looking.When it comes to listening to all those songs on the iPod you have many search options such as search by song , album , and singer . Add all the playlists you want to make listening to what you want even easier . If I have any complaint , it is the shiny chrome surface which is perfect for fingerprints and smudges but after a day or so of use , you will get use to it and no longer notice.Now to get the music to your iPod you have to have a firewire port . Many computers do n't come standard with this so you may have to invest about $ 35 to get a firewire card . Trust me , make the investment . All those people that complain about not having USB support do not know what they are talking about . The reason you want the firewall card is simple - speed . There is more then a 10x difference in the amount of information a firewire card can transmit versus a USB card . For example , lets say you have 10 Gigabytes of songs to transfer . With USB , you are talking about 8-10 hours to transfer all that information . With firewire you are talking about an hour tops . Time saved alone makes the $ 35 investment worthwhile.So you have this wonderful piece of Apple hardware but what about the Windows software - MusicMatch ? Well , it stinks . That is putting it mildly . To add songs to your play list you first have to add songs to the MusicMatch library , no big deal there , but no instructions on how to do it either . So you have your songs in the library and you want to change them so after you have the iPod hooked up you click `` Sync '' and after thirty or so minutes you have 1000 plus songs on your iPod.So where are the problems ? Well after you fire your iPod up you notice some strange things like the same artist listed five times or the same album showing three times . Looking carefully you will notice the difference is only a character or two so Pink would be listed Pink , Pin , and Pi . So you think , aw man , my iPod is defective , but if you check out your MusicMatch library you will notice that it lists the singer the same way . So you correct those entries using the `` Tag '' option . But guess what , when you look at the album titles , artists , song titles and genre you notice that so many of them have errors , usually the last character missing from each field . Suddenly you do n't have to fix dozen or so titles but quite literally your entire library of 1000 plus songs times four fields , using the tag option . On top of that , there is no guarantee that MusicMatch will transfer those changes to your iPod . The fix according to MusicMatch is to add a space at the end of every entry , and this works but again to have to do this to 1000 + songs for four different fields is a time-consuming proposition . Supposedly a fix will be out for this problem but considering what a basic thing it is to read a text field and duplicate that information there is simply no excuse for it.Also , another problem is the syncing . By syncing the iPod you would think that meant I added a new album to my collection and after hooking my iPod to the computer , just that album will be added . Nope , MusicMatch deletes your entire library from the iPod and re-adds it , in the process adding the new album . Also , before even doing this you have to tell the library to add this album . It does not automatically add it even though that album is in the same directory that the library is compiled from.A final problem is there is a feature that allows volume leveling so that all the songs have the same volume when played . Sounds like a cool feature till you realize that for MusicMatch to make the changes to level the volume it actually alters the file on your computer then transfers it . So you ca n't revert back to the way it previously was and also as a bonus , all that information about album , song title , genre and artist are now gone and the only way you can change them is to use MusicMatch 's tag ability because the Windows property section no longer contains those fields.So to sum up , iPod wonderful mp3 player , quit simply the best on the market . MusicMatch , a joke of software that can not do something as simple as read text fields properly . My recommendation ? By Windows iPod , marvel at it . Take that iPod disc that comes with it and toss it back in the box . Instead , use a search engine to find program called ephpod . It is a free program that makes transferring music to the iPod a pleasure . It actually reads the tags right and when it syncs low and behold , the program only adds the new stuff without removing the songs on the iPod and adding them again . On top of that , it supports calender , contacts , Audible functions that MusicMatch does n't . Basically , it is everything that MusicMatch should have been but is n't . Did I mention it is free ? Remember , do NOT use the iPod disc that comes with , because MusicMatch will drive you crazy , instead get ephpod and enjoy the fantastic MP3 player that is the iPod .
 At this point I have had my iPod for a week . I went with the 10GB model , but now I think I might go and buy the 20GB model.It is just that good.Pros : The iPod itself is a great product . I have owned three previous MP3 players , inlcuding the a RIO , and a Compaq . I always felt shortchanged , I gave them away or sold them , because I did n't like them.The iPod is what all MP3 players should be like . I had no hitches installing the software , and getting songs loaded . Ca n't say that for the my previous 3 . Something important to me was that other MP3 players do n't seem to be able to drown out outside sound sources . The iPod gets loud enough to drown out sound and more . I have nothing bad to say about the iPod itself , it is sleek , small , has tons of space , and the Firewire connection downloads at blazing speed compared to a USB.This is an outstanding product , although pricey , but well worth every penny.Cons : To find something wrong with the iPod you 'll have to look at the software it comes bundled with . MusicMatch has made a decent attempt at software for the iPod , but it does fall short . It does n't download the tag information for MP3 's correctly . Therefore you will see misspelled artists and repeated names on your iPod screen , even when they do n't show that way on the computer . To fix this , I found deleting the tag completely -LRB- just editing it does n't always work -RRB- , and then re-creating the tag for each song fixes the problem . However , be warned when you delete the tag information for a song , MusicMatch will place it at the top of the list in your Music Library screen , and file it under Miscellaneous . All you have to do is go there and re-create the tag and MusicMatch will place it in its proper place . Also MusicMatch will truncate band and song names for no apparent reason . Fixing this is n't too bad for one song , but since the iPod 's can carry thousands of songs , this is a real problem . I must say though , that MusicMatch does allow you to edit and re-create tag information for multiple files at once . So this helps a little when editing entire albums . But the software developers at MusicMatch have let the public down by letting this one slide through . Do n't you guys test your software before you put it on the shelf ? How could you guys have missed that ? -LRB- I develop software by the way -RRB- . There are other bugs in MusicMatch , but I wo n't go into them here . The one described above is the real annoying one . MusicMatch would be well advised to take care of this soon .
 Do I recommend to iPod , despite the price ? The answer is a loud Yes . This product is wonderful . Holds more music then you may ever need . The interface is intuitive and easy to use . If your the type that needs to read instructions before even attempting to figure things out , well guess what , even you can use this product . The sound quality is great , the size is petite and easy to put anywhere , whether its your pants pocket or your shirt pocket . The carrying case may seem skimpy but it actually does a good job of protecting the iPod . The case is similar to the hard plastic cases for cell phones where you slide the iPod out to make any adjustments but the case stays strapped to your belt . The remote is great to , again intuitive in use and after only a use or two you 'll have no problem hitting those buttons without looking.When it comes to listening to all those songs on the iPod you have many search options such as search by song , album , and singer . Add all the playlists you want to make listening to what you want even easier . If I have any complaint , it is the shiny chrome surface which is perfect for fingerprints and smudges but after a day or so of use , you will get use to it and no longer notice.So you have this wonderful piece of Apple hardware but what about the Windows software - MusicMatch ? Well , it stinks . That is putting it mildly . To add songs to your play list you first have to add songs to the MusicMatch library , no big deal there , but no instructions on how to do it either . So you have your songs in the library and you want to change them so after you have the iPod hooked up you click `` Sync '' and after thirty or so minutes you have 1000 plus songs on your iPod.So where are the problems ? Well after you fire your iPod up you notice some strange things like the same artist listed five times or the same album showing three times . Looking carefully you will notice the difference is only a character or two so Pink would be listed Pink , Pin , and Pi . So you think , aw man , my iPod is defective , but if you check out your MusicMatch library you will notice that it lists the singer the same way . So you correct those entries using the `` Tag '' option . But guess what , when you look at the album titles , artists , song titles and genre you notice that so many of them have errors , usually the last character missing from each field . Suddenly you do n't have to fix dozen or so titles but quite literally your entire library of 1000 plus songs times four fields , using the tag option . On top of that , there is no guarantee that MusicMatch will transfer those changes to your iPod . The fix according to MusicMatch is to add a space at the end of every entry , and this works but again to have to do this to 1000 + songs for four different fields is a time-consuming propostion . Supposedly a fix will be out for this problem but considering what a basic thing it is to read a text field and duplicate that information there is simply no excuse for it.Also , another problem is that the syncing . By syncing the iPod you would think that meant I added a new album to my collection and after hooking my iPod to the computer , just that album will be added . Nope , MusicMatch deletes your entire library from the iPod and re-adds it , in the process adding the new album . Also , before even doing this you have to tell the library to add this album . It does not automatically add it even though that album is in the same directory that the library is compiled from.A final problem is there is a feature that allows to to do volume leveling so that all the songs have the same volume when played . Sounds like a cool feature till you realize that for MusicMatch to make the changes to level the volume it actually alters the file on your computer then transfers it . So you ca n't revert back to the way it previously was and also as a bonus , all that information about album , song title , genre and artist are now gone and the only way you can change them is to use MusicMatch 's tag ability because the Windows property section no longer contains those fields.So to sum up , iPod wonderful mp3 player , quit simply the best on the market . MusicMatch , a joke of software that can not do something as simple as read text fields properly . My current recommendation then is to wait till the fixes are added in a new version of MusicMatch or buy the Apple iPod and XPlay software so that it can run on Windows . -LRB- Doing this by the way provides you the option to jump platforms from Windows to Apple and back , something to think about -RRB- Personally , I am going to return my Windows iPod and try the XPlay method and see what happens .
 I have had my iPod for Windows for about 2 weeks now and I must say I am impressed . The unit is sleek , intuitive , lightweight , and I have had NO problems using it when jogging . In fact , it 's so unnoticeable that I 'm afraid I might lose it one day . The web based support is -LRB- so far -RRB- very helpful -LRB- I could n't get the remote to work at first , so I went on line and quickly learned that you really need to push the connection in FIRMLY in order to get it to click and then it works fine -RRB- . On the down side , I agree with most other people that MusicMatch is a joke . I wish I could figure out why MusicMatch was picked over a host of alternatives . It is just plain awful . After playing around with it by trial and error -LRB- the instructions were most unhelpful -RRB- , I was finally lucky enough to come upon ephpod and lo and behold , I can now use the iPod as it was meant to be used . Also , and this is key , you simply must download Exact Audio Copy and the LAME mp3 encoder for the most reliable music transfers possible . This is not free advertising ! I sincerely think this -LRB- free -RRB- software is indispensible . I have now transferred both popular and classical music and the quality is superb . Do yourself a favor and forego the MusicMatch program . You 'll save yourself alot of headaches ! Also , although the ear buds are OK for popular music , I would n't recommend them for classical music . But otherwise , this was money well spent . I 'm thinking of getting a second one when I fill up my 20 gigs , which wo n't be long from now!To address some complaints I have read at this website
 I 'm a gadget junkie , but this is the first MP3 player that I 've owned . I decided it was worth waiting for Apple to come out with a version that is Windows-compatible rather that purchase a similar , but inferior , product from one of Apple 's competitors . Also , I wanted to make sure that the battery life would be sufficient to make the trip to the the West Coast and back with a reasonable expectation that the battery life would be long enough to make it 8-10 hours.I have not been disappointed and am really glad that I waited to buy the iPod . Currently , I have loaded about 150 of my CDs onto the iPod , and this translates to 2,650 songs at the best recording setting . I still have about 35 % of the available storage space available , so the estimate of 4,000 songs is spot on target . Aside from the well-documented headaches associated with the MusicMatch software , this thing is simply terrific.By the way , I highly recommend that you check out the great line of iPod cases , particularly the new ones for the 20GB model , at vajacases.com . I came across vaja 's PDA cases here in New York City , and they 're simply the best that I 've found in the aftermarket . Ditto for the cases for the iPod .
 ... Instead , take the disk that comes with it and put it away . Never , ever install it . Instead go do a search for Epdpod . Download and install that . Its basically everything MusicMatch was supposed to be but was n't . Pretty much every problem you will have with MusicMatch does not exist with this software . Even better , its free . Repeat , do not ever install MusicMatch , install Ephpod.Ephpod and iPod , a wonderful match .
 I purchased a Creative Jukebox III in June , 2002 . I have had nothing but trouble with it . It crashes the Creative Playcenter software which came with the jukebox everytime I connect it to my Dell 8200 computer with Windows XP . I 've sent it in and got it back with absolute no improvement . I have spent hours and hours of unloading software , reloading software , downloading new drivers , new firmware , new software , reformatting the Jukebox and other things recommended by Creative 's support.Then I bought the Ipod 20 gig for Windows . I love it . I have it almost full . I prefer using the Musicmatch Jukebox software over Creative 's . Just be sure to use the version 7.1 which comes on CD with the Ipod and do not download a newer version . Musicmatch does not support the Jukebox III .
 Just a little background ... I 've owned a couple other MP3 players before this one . One being a hard drive unit -LRB- nomad -RRB- and the other was a smaller solid-state type from creative -LRB- ca n't remember the name -RRB- . Both were really bad from a number of standpoints , but I wo n't go into that.Anyway , I 've got to say in Apple 's defense , I do n't find the price excessive . Apple went out of their way and appear to have selected \ built in some very nice quality `` user interface '' features . This is n't a cheap plastic molded device that cost apple $ 40 to make . Being in electronic design , I can tell ya the LCD screen is top notch ... I would guess they pay quite a bit for that alone . EVERYTHING else follows suit . So although it 's not cheap in comparison to other `` similar '' products , you DO get what you pay for in hardware and software.I will agree with everyone that musicmatch is n't great . In fact , I went ahead and invested in 3rd party software which I REALLY like . IMO , it 's worth it!Also , to those that are not satisfied with the `` load time '' between songs , especially when your trying to play cross \ beat mixed tracks , I suggest you buy or download some freeware that takes the multiple tracks that you want and makes ONE MP3 file . Problem solved.My ONE single complaint about this is the lack of an FM receiver and or voice recorder . This is the reason for the one missing star . Should have been included ... it 's cheap to build-in and would n't affect the power \ size at all.If you want the best and can part with the money , this is DEFFINATLY the one you want for now .
 ... I 've been jogging with this everyday for a week - no problems . I got the 20gb model and it JUST WORKS ! The menu is intuituve , it works smoothly , and it 's very light for a 20gb mp3 player . I think I agree that perhaps the Musicmatch Jukebox software -LRB- which comes with it -RRB- might not be the EASIEST to learn , but if you bother to spend 30 minutes playing with it , and if you use the Help menu , you can use everything you need . As software goes , it does EVERYTHING . If you still do n't like it - you can buy other software - such as EphPod or XPlay . I also bought a great carrying case , with an armband from Marware Inc. -LRB- Unfortunately , Amazon does n't sell it , but you can visit their own website -RRB- . I had other mp3 players , and they just do not compare . Just do it !
 Listen up . . I have owned the Creative Nomad 20g , an Archos 10G , and the Rio 5000 . I took them all back due to various issues such as User interface , software errors -LRB- I am a software developer and know an error when I see one -RRB- , shoddy construction etc. . I eventually decided that I would try the iPod even though it costs a lot more . Well folks , its worth every cent-the interface is great , the quality of construction is superb , and the ease of use , is well enough to make me go and try a Mac after 23 years with Intel PC and Dr. Bill 's OS , re-boot is the fix . If a Mac is anything like the iPod , have I ever missed the boat .
 I did quite a bit of research before purchasing the 20 Gig Ipod from Amazon . Set up using the firewire connection was a breeze . The transfer speed is amazing . I myself like the musicmatch software , it has worked great for me . I have loaded all of my MP3 's and ripped all of my CD 's that I wanted onto the IPOD and I have used under 5 gigs . The storage capacity is incredible . I have gotten attachments for the Ipod to work in the car and with my home stereo . Both work great . I would highly recommend this mp3 player to anyone in the market for one .
 Bought a sony mp3 to start , but with the memory sticks I could only have 50 or 60 songs . So I upgraded to a 20gb ipod . Very easy to use , I highly recommend it to anyone . I use Windows XP and have had no problems . Loads fast , sounds great , and holds a lot of songs .
 I 've had no problems with MusicMatch . I recently got my iPod so I 've only dealt with the latest MusicMatch version , 7.1 . You do n't have to create playlists since you can play songs by artist , album , or genre . I have Windows XP and the iPod 's detection was seamless . MusicMatch takes a little bit to get used to , but once you do , it 's easy.Yes , a stop button would be nice but all of the other nice features outweigh it .
 I have had my 20GB iPod for about 3 weeks and it is a wonderful product except for the price . It looks nice and stylish . Quality is excellent , the earphone set is good but the pads can be better . I replace the original earpads with a $ 2 set . One thing that I do n't like about the ipod is that all parts are non-replaceable . The battery , the hard drive , the electronic part ... I am concerned most about the battery . Battery will die overtime , its capability of keeping charge degrades over time . The hard drive is also tends to fail overtime . It is a matter of when not if and it can happen within a year .
 Amazing capacity , gorgeous design , true ease of use . What you 'd expect from Apple , from the case to the packaging . Could not be easier to use , even on Windows.Note for users of both windows and mac
 The iPod is an experience from the moment you open the well thought out packaging.I 've had the 20gig iPod for about 3 weeks and it 's great . My entire cd collection is on it with plenty of room to spare.The controls are intuitive.I have used it for a hard drive once or twice and there is nothing special to get it to work . Have not got to the other extras yet.My main issue is with the battery . It appears to loose it 's charge while it 's turned off . I admit this could be user error since I have n't gotten around to reading the instructions . Charge time is quick and I can listen to it all day without recharging . It says 10 hour battery life , but I think I 've gone beyond that several times.I can recommend it without qualms .
 Ipod Rocks . Simply So.Apple did a wonderful job on this product from packaging to design . . everything is flawless.I use my PC Ipod everyday . The bundled Musicmatch software is buggy but I recommend Ephpod , its free too.I love my Ipod so much , and I own the Nomad 3 too !!! There is no comparison , the Ipod is much better designed .
 I just recieved my iPOD today , and think its amazing . It is small compact and easy to navigate . The only `` bad '' things about it is that it picks up fingerprints in a heartbeat , but other than that it is pure perfection .
 This is getting rediculuous . I was reading the reviews on my beloved I-Pod and was shocked to find so many negative comments . I mean , the guy who last reviewed the i-pod was rambling on and on about how awful it was that he could not play 2 CD 's randomly and mixed at the same time . Just create a playlist ! Or else grow up , I mean come on ! who really needs to listen to 2 out of 6 CD 's , and not the others , of the same artist , randomly without switching tracks manually or creating a playlist?Here 's the bottom line
 Ever notice how Mac users are always raving about how fabulaous the latest new mac products are and how PC users are always saying how much they hate their machines?The fact is that Apple should never have made a PC version . I 've used both Mac and PC versions and use Macs and PCs daily . As ever the mac product is more powerful and more user friendly.itunes is a fabulous piece of software , musicmatch is not great - and nothing to do with Apple . Case proven . If you must use a PC get a Mac OS iPod and use Xplay for the PC - nowhere near the simpicity of ipod and itunes , but you get to use win media player and dual mac.pc compatability for your ipod.Just be brave and ditch the PC once and for all .
 I really love my Ipod . It has the coolest UI ever . I figured it out in no time flat .
 TO the `` electronics fan from United Kingdom '' that wrote in his review `` If you must use a PC get a Mac OS iPod and use Xplay for the PC - nowhere near the simpicity of ipod and itunes , but you get to use win media player and dual mac.pc compatability for your ipod . `` What an idiot . Just shows how little Mac users know about their shiny little toys . I bet this guy thinks having to change a fuse is `` like , oh such a hassle , what a bad interface , man , it 's a bad vibe , help '' . THE MAC IPOD IS EXACTLY THE SAME HARDWARE AS THE WINDOWS IPOD , FOO ' ! I know this because i bought a `` MacOS '' iPod -LRB- before the Windows version came out -RRB- . I installed macopener software to read mac disks on my pc , installed ephpod to move the files , and hey presto , was up and runnning in under 20 minutes on my Windows box -LRB- which i did n't have to pay an arm and a leg for -RRB- . This guy is an excellent example of the kind of attitude problem -LRB- all mouth , and no technical trousers -RRB- that gives mac users a bad name .
 This is the second purchase of an MP3 for me . My first is the Rio Riot after 6 months they finally seem to have their act together after firmware & other updates . Still I dont trust the unit as I dont have the time for a unit the ca n't be recognized at times . Very frustrating . Admidantly , I have n't had this problem for several months . Ohter than this downfall I like the Riot . I t is in my opinion the most aggresively priced MP3 that works as advertised . I believe the kinks have been worked out wit the Rio Riot . It 's just too big to carry around comfortably.Enter the Windows Ipod . It too has major problems . the Musicmatch software is definitely a challenge . Even the tech people at MM dont know how to fix the inherent problems . I too had no problems loading the software on the laptop . but when it came to my desktop it took me two days to figure out what was going on . I was on my own as the MM techis were useless . `` Oh , we 'll have an update sometime to fix these problems.The problems was that for some reason that MM would not load the complete files needed to run the hardware . I looked at Windows Explorer and found out what files needed to be added to the desktop and transferred them with a USB storage unit . Voila the software worked as it was suppose to . I did a little jury rigging and put the icon that is suppose to be on the task bar by transfderring to the desktop . When I haveto use the Ipod I just doubleclick the desktop icon and it appears on the taskbar.What amazes me is that MM is of no help to their customers onthis important matter.If Apple wants to charge a premium for their product without getting a bad name for themselves with the Windows crowd which is an untapped major income stream for them they shoud get to work on this pronto.I almost bought an Apple notebook . But after , this experience in arrogance I do n't care to buy their products and will stick with Windows . I was really opened minded to give Apple a try . No More !! They blew it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was wondering why all the less than enthusiastic reviews of this wonderful mp3 player . Then I realized . This is the windows version . O no wonder . I am sorry you should have bought a MAC.That said Apple just put out a new iPod that should be more bi operating system and it addresses the problem of not being able to make new playlists on the road . And for you windows people it has SOLITAIRE.You know Linux for productivity . Mac for art . Windows for solitaire.The iPod is getting better all the time . I LOVE MINE .
 When i first recieved this product , i thought it would be just one of the normal mp3 players . Boy ! I was wrong . The ipod holds up to 4,000 songs ! Plus , it has a phone book , a calender , and a game -LRB- this game can be refered to as `` ping . '' -RRB- This mp3 player is so small and elegant it is perfect for anyone !
 The iPod 20GB with Sony MDR-EX70LP headphones keep my 1.5 + hr commute sane . The Sony headphones passively block much of the noise and mobile phone talkers on the train , and the 20GB iPod keeps over 5000 tunes in my pocket . Once Apple figures out a way to create playlists on the fly , the iPod will be perfect !
 I 'VE HAD MY IPOD FOR 1 WEEK AND I LOVE IT . IT IS SO EASY TO USE -LRB- MOST ELECTRONICS ARE TO CONFUSING -RRB- JUST ONE , TWO , THREE . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE IPOD TO PEOPLE WHO WANT A PRODUCT THAT IS COOL , HIGH TECH AND SIMPLE TO USE.PS
 I got the chance to test the mp3 waters when my venerable Sports Walkman gave up the ghost , and now that my 44 year old eyes are making it hard to focus on close objects , the iPod 's clear , large screen seemed a better choice ; however , I was n't sure about spending hundreds for a new iPod , so I got a used iPod
 The product has the best form factor and user interface out there for portable music players . Too bad the PC support is an afterthought . I 'd give this product 5 stars if it supported WMA and had real integration into Windows Media Player 8 or 9 . WMA9 , especially WMA VBR , is a great alternative MP3 ... smaller files , great sound quality & fast ripping/encoding . Even cheap portable players from Rio and Creative Labs support WMA . Jeers to Apple and their anti-Microsoft technology view .
 I think the 20 gb iPod is so superbly designed and integrated with the Mac OS 10.2 operating system it is as revolutionary as the original Walkman . I have over 700 songs , 2000 digital photos , all my contacts , calendars for my wife and two kids and a backup of my system folder on my iPod ... with about 8gb of room to spare . It is so easy and simple to use it blows me away . Everything about it is so well designed and thought out !! Buy one ... you 'll never regret it !
 As a `` MacAddict '' , in my opinion the iPod is undoubtedly the best of it 's kind.j.nomograms
 I absolutely love my iPod . I mean LOVE it ! I use it everyday approximately 7 - 10 hours a week , and I 've had it for months . It sounds great . It 's small . It 's awsome.Many other good reviews have already been writtien about the iPod 's features and supposed bad points . I 'd love to refute some complaints I 've read , but I 'm going to limit my review to whitch amount of MB 's is needed for this unit.I own the 20MB . Let me assure you -- it 's more than enough memory . I have mp3 's on the thing that have been on there since the day I bought it . I have yet to exaust its capacity yet . In my mind , the 10MB is just a tad too little while 30MB is excessive and unnecessary . 20MB is plenty , folks . The only way I could see 30MB being absolutely necessary is if you want to use none of your PC 's hard drive for any mp3 's whatsoever . But that just is n't practical . Usually the way it works is you have 20-40MB on your hard drive and once you 've compiled and organized a full collection of an artist or a playlist you 'd like to have on the iPod , you then load it onto it.I admit , if I were buying my iPod again , I would go for 30MB ; that 's just my nature . But it 's completely unnecessary . 20MB is a dream . 10MB leaves you wanting.Enjoy !
 I 'm thoroughly impressed with the iPod . I 'm using it with an ancient Dell laptop -LRB- well , 3 years old is ancient in terms of computers -RRB- running Windows 2000 Professional . My iPod works with the laptop flawlessly , and it 's great being able to take my entire music collection with me on my hour-long commute each way . It 's got a beautiful design , and it works very well . You 'll be impressed too .
 Honestly if you want the best , you want the iPod . Yes there are cheaper PC solutions but I would trade my ipod in for any of them . Ive found that many of the PC versions are larger and have less battery time . And with all the stuff I have in my pockets space is essential . And besides isnt always cool to show your friends you slick and shiney MP3 player rather than a clunky and grey one . I do believe that slick is the word that encompasses everything about the ipod . The menu is very easy to follow . I would recommend , however , along with every other review to ditch Musicmatch . I purchased Xplay , and the new verion 1.1 is better than ever . You can drag and drop or just sync . While it costs more money I can strongly state that it is worth it . I would also recommend a case because you have to keep your ipod shiney . ;-RRB- So in short buy an iPod you wont be dissapointed . 20Gig of songs all at my disposal has revitalized my appretiation of music and im sure it will do the same for you .
 I bought this three months ago and it is the best audio investment I have made , ever . I ca n't say enough about the iPod . The Musicmatch software works just fine with my PC . I just plugged in the firewire and started downloading . Luckily my Compaq computer had a firewire port built in . I 've only filled up half the thing so far and I have at least 2000 songs loaded in . It has great sound quality , I can play it through my computer , through any of my stereos , through my car stereo . The controls are easy to use . It is compact -LRB- the size of a pack of cigarettes -RRB- , it charges easily by just leaving it plugged into my computer when not in use . It comes with a handy AC adapter to charge it if I take it on vacation or on the road . No need to replace batteries . It holds a charge for 10 hours and charges fully overnight . I use it when I am working out , when I am working in the yard , anywhere . There is plenty of volume . I do n't even need to turn it up to full volume to hear good quality sound over the noise of my lawnmower engine . It has a `` shuffle '' setting on the `` song '' mode so I can plug it into my stereo at home and listen to song after song , never getting a repeat . This funcion is great for parties . It beats the hell out of a 200 CD changer . You can create playlists and store them , listen by artist or by CD title . It is expensive but worth every penny . The case it comes with is sturdy with a solid clip to attach to your belt . But you can put it in a shirt pocket just as well . I 've never experienced any skipping with it . Apple Computers do nothing for me . I tried 'em . But this iPod for Windows is the best thing since sliced bread .
 I ca n't believe people have actually complained about the iPod ! I read all the negatives & the cons about this mp3 player and let me just address a few . . the size - the size of the iPod is about the same as a pack of cigarettes . . traveling with this would be extreamly easy . . you would need to bring the cables -LRB- yes -RRB- but the size of the attachments would n't take up any space at all . . about as much as a pack of cigarettes and a lighter.the sound - the sound on the iPod is simply amazing ! Compared to the sound of the other mp3 player 's you ca n't get any better than this . The sound is MORE than loud enough to drownd out background sounds , with EXTRA volume to boot!the headphones - earbuds can be a bit uncomfortible if you wear them for an extended pair of time , so my advise would be , if you plan to wear them over -LRB- lets say 3 hours -RRB- invest in a decent pair of headphones . . but for occasional wear . . they are n't so bad . . -LRB- Apple even gives your earbuds an extra set of covers ! -RRB- the price - umm . . sure you could buy a cheeper mp3 player but you would be missing out on the most sturdy , sleek , top quality players . . in this case - you GET what you pay for!the space - you can fit snugly 8,000 - 5,000 mp3 's on the hard drive . . the player comes with 18 gigs of free space with contact list , games , and other interesting little tid bits installed . . music match - some people have complained about this . . but for me it was completely simple . . there isnt anything complicated about the set up of the iPod or the downloading process.battery life - when you get your iPod , charge it a little while you are setting up . . I did this and 4 hours later I only have 1 line drained from my battery life . . This little beauty is well worth its price and even then some , I would say . . It sets up VERY quickly and in about 10 mins your downloading music . . over all 5 stars is too little to rate the iPod . . I would reccomend it to everyone . . from the fist time you hear it . . you WILL be hooked !
 This is a great device . If you can get over big price and the supplied software you 'll realise this device is at the lead of the mp3 player pack.I recieved one of these little gadgets for christmas and have been completely satisfied with it . The battery seems to hold a charge well and it sounds great on the supplied headphones . It is easy to navigate and with a quick download of the freeware EphPod it has been a pleasure to add and delete mp3s from.The only qualms I have are that you can not create playlists on the iPod , you most import them and -LRB- this might sounds a little silly -RRB- the carrying case is very poorly designed.Either Way - You ar n't wasting your money !
 I recently bought the ipod -LRB- win -RRB- . I initially had trouble using the firewire card on my laptop but I have heard that there is sometimes difficulty with built in firewire cards on laptops . I am still not sure if this was the case with my laptop . I have since then installed a firewire card on my desktop computer which works fine . The supplied software is lacking in many respects . I ditched it all together and am now using Xplay . I have taken the ipod running and to the gym and have not experienced a single skip yet . The ipod is by far the best on the market .
 I 've had my 20GB Ipod for over a month and I have to say that I love it . I 've put all my music on it and brought it with me wherever I go-my car -LRB- with a CD-to-cassette adpater -RRB- or home stereo -LRB- with a 3.5 mm to AC adapter -RRB- . I like it so much that I feel like I need two of them so I do n't have to move it from my car to my home stereo -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- . The device is nicely designed and is very easy to use . One complaint I have is the Musicmatch program . I 'm sure I 'm not the only who has complained about the Musicmatch program . First of all , it took me awhile to install it . Then , it crashed several times . If you do get the program working , you 'll discover many bugs with the program . The songs/artists will be repeated 2-3 times even if on the computer , it indicated that there was only one song . On-line support was not very helpful either . I believe that Apple should really use another software with the Ipod .
 Wow . The ipod is truly a thing of beauty . I must confess to being new to the whole `` MP3 '' gig , so this is not a review written by a technophile know-it-all . Far from the case , up until getting this baby for Christmas , I knew virtually nothing about the whole process -LRB- and even less about the software , save for a wee bit of dabbling with `` Real Jukebox '' -RRB- . As such , I bring no pre-conceived notions to this review . If you 're new to the whole thing like I was , this is the review you want to read.MusicMatch software ? A pain in the tail to be sure . It took me most of the first night to figure it out -LRB- and I 'm still learning -RRB- . Though I am far from a fan , it is at least as easy to use as the aforementioned `` Real Jukebox '' . I can tell you that I 'm transferring tunes with no problems , tagging songs , creating playlists , etc. with relative ease . I think that , being new to all this , I do n't really understand some of the features that I 'm suposed to be furious with . This helps . Overall , MusicMatch gets the job done for me to an acceptable degree -LRB- again , it being the only way I 've ever done the job -RRB- . As for the ipod itself ? Yowza , baby . I have the 20GB windows version , and it is an absolute stunner in every way . It 's a gorgeous little item , with features that , literally , a beginner can master in mere minutes without ever cracking a manual . I can say this , because it describes my initial attempts perfectly , and I 'm pretty novice , as you 've likely gathered already . This thing sounds like a million bucks . The packaging is like art -LRB- I felt bad opening the box , it was put together so nicely ! -RRB- , and all the controls are gasp-inducing . So , if you 're new to all this and want to get going in the right direction ? ipod is the one -- who knew music could be this awe inspiring ?
 When I first plugged it in to my Windows PC , it just worked . It was incredible . Then it stopped working . Apple tech support said my firewire card was bad -LRB- even though my Sony handycam worked with it -RRB- , so I replaced it . I then plugged in the iPod and it did not work again , the iPod just kept saying `` do not disconnect '' forever , well after sync was complete . When I finally disconnected , I could not get the iPod menus to even work . I 'm still dealing with Apple tech support to try to resolve this ...
 I had to return my 20 gig because it would not always recognize the firewire port , but with my new 30 gig I dont have this problem . I love the iPod , it 's packaging , its appearance -LRB- crazy sexy cool -RRB- but I sincerely think for basically the same price you would be much better off buying the 30 gig model . Please see my review of the 30 gig for more specifics . I think a lot of the 20 gigs were returned to Apple for problems of one kind or another -LRB- roughly 20 % I heard -RRB- . But the newest model is by far a superior product with improved features and earbuds . The storage and sound in any model is excellent and the ipod certainly beats all other MP 3 players hands down no matter what model you have . The older models like this do have longer battery life if that is important to you , but the newer model has more storage and is smaller and sleeker with better controls . Your option , but I do recommend iPods for everyone . I had no problem returning my 20 gig , and I immediately purchased another without reservation . Like anything there are always a few bad apples in the bunch -LRB- in any product line -RRB- . A lot of people knock the Musicmatch software but if you go through the tutorial it works fabulous and has a lot of features that come in handy , like supertagging . In the newer ipods there are no separate Mac or Windows models , each iPod has both mac and win software included . heres another great reason to opt for the newer model , it has the ability to cue songs on the go , unlike the 20 gig model here . Ipods rock in any form - get one - a great investment if you want to store and listen to your whole music collection and have room for future tunes , too . Ipods make excellent gifts !!!
 I own an HP Pavilion , and for the past three years I was getting along okay with a Rio mp3 player that I got at Circuit City . When the iPods first came out , I thought they looked stylish but obviously they were n't made for Windows . But then the Windows iPod came out , it got great reviews in all the PC mags , and let 's face it -- my Rio was getting pretty old . So I made the jump.All I have to say is , the iPod is amazing ! From the pictures , you think it 's the size of a clunky walkman , but it is literally the size of a pack of cards , or a pack of cigarettes . The thing is tiny ! Easily fits in a back pocket or clipped onto a belt when you 're at the gym . The firewire connection makes importing songs very quick -LRB- compared to USB -RRB- , and also charges the battery automatically . Very easy to use , way better than the other mp3 units I looked at , and literally gigabytes of space . Since my CD collection is n't super huge , I was able to fill up my iPod and still have space left over to transport files to and from work . I got ta say , if Apple 's computers are as fun to use as this thing , I may just have to switch to Mac next time around .
 I got my iPod for Windows for Christmas and have been using it almost nonstop ever since . I have loaded more than 700 songs with lots of room for more . It 's organization of songs/artists/genres is logical and easy to use with its simple wheel and button interface . Really slick . It even looks good!Unfortunately , Apple has chosen MusicMatch Jukebox for the `` Winpod '' interface . This software in no way measures up to the high standard of the hardware . After doing battle with MMJB for several days , I finally got totally frustrated with this clunky , awkward program and went looking for alternatives on the web . I downloaded Exact Audio Copy -LRB- EAC -RRB- and LAME to do my CD ripping and encoding and then set up Ephpod as my iPod interface . All are free for Windows . They take a little time to get used to , mainly because the are so loaded with options , but they all work together seamlessly and the result has been great music . Apple should do the right thing and get rid of MMJB as the default program for iPod . This terrific machine deserves better .
 The data from Apple to accompany the iPod was very brief , and little emphasis was put on the necessity of using the MusicMatch version that came with the device . Having overcome that and now using the correct version the iPod is performing very well and transfer of songs to and from it is simple and easy plus extremely quick with the Firewire connection . I currently have about 2.9 Gb of used space and about 750 songs on it - so the capacity is there.The downside :1 . Instructions on what to expect on the iPod screen when connected to the PC would have helped .2 . There is a drain on the battery and constant recharge is needed . On a timed run down from ` full to 1/4 ' a straight replay lasted 6 hours , with the volume set to 50 % . Thats good but not realisable in practice as , when not in use , it will loose some power on internal mechanisms such as the clock and calendar .3 . The battery indicates fully charged when connected to one of my PCs when in fact it is not charging . On the other PC it charges and shows the correct animation on the small icon . This mus be the Firewire card , however the ` full ' indication must be an error with iPod.I am using S/W Version 1.2 and believe versions 1.2.1 or 1.2.2 are available but do not know what these correct yet , I will investigate.In summary ; I am extremely pleased with the device as it does exactly what I wanted from such a machine . The above criticisms are minor in comaprison with the good side .
 I brought it today , from best buy . And i have previously put all my mp3 in one folder -LRB- i have around 11GB of them -RRB- and it 's takes just 11 minutes to load them into Ipod ... personally i do n't care about the title display that much , but most of them displayed the correct titile of the songs ... i like the wheel style very easy to use and the back light is great too ... i do n't know much aobut hooking it up with Microsoft outlook or anything like that , but as a mp3 player this is a good one , and for those who have problem with it ... you just need to learn how to use it becuase i did n't even read the instruction book ... just pop into the installation CD let it install plug my computer with IPOD ... done ... and just so you know im a chinese user it also display chinese character correctly ... GREAT PRODUCT ...
 Hi , quick note :1 -RRB- XPlay software -LRB- 3rd party -RRB- works perfectly , buy it , do n'teven think about installing MusicMatch2 -RRB- I have run for > 1 hr . straight w/o the iPod skipping once.I did hold it in my hand , perhaps in a pocket/on the bodypasses too much shock on to the unit . Worked fine for me , though .
 I received the 20 gig Windows Ipod for Xmas -LRB- from myself -RRB- and I love it . A couple weeks prior , I bought a Rio 350S , which I liked , but was severely lacking in capabilities -LRB- no playlists , only 128 meg of ram -RRB- . Upon getting the Ipod , I bought Xplay software , and ripped 30 + cds to my computers HD and then uploaded them quickly to my ipod . People ca n't believe how much music I have on my MP3 player , in addition to a gig or 2 of data files . Simply amazing.There was a guy writing several reviews -LRB- yes , it was the same dolt over and over -RRB- saying the Ipod skipped and that Apple acknowledged that the Ipod skips and isnt intended for jogging . He 's full of it . When I went to the Apple store where I bought the Ipod , I asked them if this were true and they laughed , and then picked up an ipod that was playing through external speakers and started shaking it like crazy . Never skipped once . I took mine jogging in the included case and never had a single glitch . Awesome performance.The included earphones -LRB- buds -RRB- sound and feel exceptional . For the price of the Sonic Rio and a 256 meg memory upgrade , you can get yourself a 5 , 10 , or 20 gig Ipod .
 Ipod may not be the best value -LRB- Nomad Zen would probably win that battle -RRB- , but it is the best player overall . Sound , user interface , ease of downloading -LRB- with the proper application -RRB- are all awesome . I am by no means a computer expert , but by using the forums at ipodlounge and media jukebox , I have an ipod that is working flawessly with little effort on my part . Some hopefully useful suggestions : Use EAC/LAME to rip and encode . It 's free , and is the best ripper/encoder combo available . You can easily download it and set it up by going to Chrismyden.com , scroll down to `` The Quintessentil Guide to Creating High Quality MP3 's '' and click on `` read article '' . I bought an IOflex fire wire card with both USB 2 and firewire connections . It uses an empty floppy slot in my ` puter , so it comes out the front of my computer . Very convienent , works great.Use Media jukebox or Media Center 9 -LRB- same company , but Media center also allows for video and picture file management -RRB- for your file management . Download the ipod plugin for synching . It 's faster and much easier to use than mmjb . You can create all sorts of playlists extremely easily -- and smartlists , where all you do is enter a paramter -LRB- like all your music rated with a five for example -RRB- and presto -- you have a playlist . Synching is a breeze with the ipod plugin . You can also use MJ to rip/encode , burn and label cds , manage picture files . You can trial it for free ; it costs 30 to 40 dollars depending on which version you buy.Two wonderful resources for the ipod are the websites `` Ipodlounge '' and the `` Media Jukebox '' forums -LRB- look specifically for the ipod topics in the media jukebox forums -RRB- . Any question you have has probably already been answered there ; if not , post your question and you will get very good help by the forum regulars.If I can get the ipod to work easily and well , anyone can !
 Who would have ever thought an MP3 player could be such a life-changing device ? But , when you can pack 20GB of sound into the palm of your hand , and take it with you anywhere , the possibilities are limitless.I bought my first iPod when the 5GB model came out over a year ago . It kept me company on the four-hour drives -LRB- one-way -RRB- that I frequently had to make for a few weeks . That alone was worth the cost of the iPod , considering the drive was in an area where there are no radio stations.Since then , I have upgraded to the 20GB model , and bought my wife a 10GB iPod . She loves hers , and the independence it gives her to have her music available in the car , while she exercises , in the shower , etc. . My 20GB comes with me everywhere . I work in law enforcement and drive around all day in a service area covering several hundred square miles . I have `` myPod '' -LRB- as our three year-old son calls it -RRB- loaded with not only all my favorite music -LRB- about 3800 songs -RRB- , but also radio programs I like to listen to , downloaded from the internet . I also happen to be a fan of Old Time Radio shows , and have been able to listen to hundreds of old shows while driving around on duty.The iPod has allowed me to enjoy songs I forgot I had , listen to current radio shows that my schedule does n't allow me to hear live , and to enjoy my collection of old radio shows . I honestly ca n't think of a better `` gadget '' to have . It 's not just a gadget , it is a truly revolutionary device.I read a story online of a man who digitized his elderly father 's record collection , loaded it all onto an iPod , and gave it to his dad ... letting his dad once again enjoy the music from hundreds of old records , with no need to shuffle through the LPs , dust them off , put on the phonograph , etc. . Instead , the iPod gave this gentleman the freedom to enjoy all those memories again . Indeed , the iPod is about more than just music . it is about FREEDOM . It is about YOUR LIFE .
 My last overseas flight -LRB- 14 hours with a screaming 2 year old sitting right behind me -RRB- convinced me that I need to get with the program and get a more portable MP3 player . -LRB- I have the early Nomad Jukebox , but do n't carry it due to size/weight/battery issues -RRB- . I had narrowed the field down to the iPod & the Creative Zen when I walked into my local electronics store to see which one I wanted to get.They had an iPod on display and it looked compact and elegant . The Zen was in a locked case , so I asked the guy if I could take a look . He took it out of the box & powered it up . Within about 5 seconds I had made up my mind . I 'm only 41 years old and I am still on the lowest power reading glasses :-RRB- , but the Zen display was barely readable -- especially compared to the large , clear iPod display . Apple has always made very crisp monochrome displays and this device is no different.I checked to make sure the power adaptor was 100-240V and 50/60Hz since I plan on using this overseas and then made my purchase.I was a little concerned about my decision due to the complaints about MusicMatch , but I thought I could figure it out . It 's not that bad . The ripper seems pretty fast . I found it easier to play with the MP3 tags with the MusicMatch software than with the Creative PlayCenter . Making playlists was fast and fairly intuitive . One of the other reviewers complained that when he synced the iPod , it would re-load everything . That has n't been my experience . It might * look * like it is reloading everything since it displays your whole music library initially . But , loading 50 albums the first time took about 20-30 minutes . Loading a playlist and then later loading a few more albums I had ripped was much faster.The iPod itself is nifty . I like the touch `` wheel '' . I like loud music , and it is plenty loud -- any more loud and it would be painful . The iPod firmware is pretty zippy too -- much better than my 1st gen Nomad Jukebox . There are a bunch of options for equalization . You can shuffle sounds or albums . The sound quality is good enough for me . And , it 's lightweight and compact.The only complaint I have is with the included earbud headphones . I do n't have especially small ears , but the earbuds were too big for me . Also , Apple is still in love with the `` one button doing a bunch of things '' UI idea -- I had to look at the manual to figure out that to turn it off you hold down the play button for a few seconds ... yeah ... that 's intuitive . . NOT.But , really these are minor complaints . Overall , I 'm quite satisfied and I would recommend the iPod to a friend . In fact , my girlfriend took a look at it , and I think I might be buying another iPod soon :-RRB- . I did buy an extended warranty ... since I read about problems with battery life in other forums .
 THe four pin fire wire port on PC 's is totally inadequete for transfer of files and do n't trust the apple adapter that comes with the IPOD.It will drain the battery of your IPOD in a matter of minutes . Purchase a 6 pin fire wire adapter card and plug your IPOD into it.I installed a belkin model that installed instantly on my HP pavillion notebook.It recognized ipod and the transfer process was facilitated . Contrary to instruction book your IPOD will NOT `` automatically '' tranfer your files . Apple is coming out with a USB2 version because of this problem with 4pin firewire ports on PC 's
 I have had my 20gb IPod for about two months and it becomes more valuable to me each day . It is truly the best audio device I have ever bought and certainly outclasses every other MP3 or CD device on the market . Apple 's design is perfect.The MusicMatch software that comes with IPod frustrated me at first , but now that I have experience with it , it is a fantastic complement to IPod . This software is so feature packed , there is n't anything it wo n't do.I was concerned about the price of IPod at first , but when I looked in my drawer and counted all of the other devices I had bought and had been unsatisfied with , the price made sense.If you want to have your entire music collection , lectures , personal recordings , and whatever with you at all times , this is it . You will never run out of space . I have almost everything audio that I own on IPod and it is n't half full.A must buy product .
 After spending many many hours copying my CDs to my computer , I decided that I needed a gadget to bring my tunes with me . After downloading a free version of ephpod from the internet , I was able to copy my songs to my Ipod . Now I am able to take 20gigs of my songs with me to work everyday . I use Tivoli 's PAL radio to play my Ipod at work . After a couple of months of use , I am completely happy with my purchase .
 Easy to use . Had slight problem with firewire card but that is not an issue with the ipod . This is are very hard product to beat and is what I would have expected from Apple . Good Job !!!
 400 CD 's or about 4000 songs on a little machine the size of a deck of cards . The ipod is what they meant when they say technology will make things more conveinent for us in the future . I put all my CD 's , about 200 and a bunch of my dad 's music as well . That took up 8.5 GB so I still have about 10GB left ! The functional capacity of the 20GB Ipod is 18.5 GB.About the whole MusicMatch vs. Xplay vs. Ephpod debate , I downloaded all three . I have been using MM with the new Dell I got , so it made sense for me to keep on using it . I reccommend to future buyers that they give MM a chance and not spend the money on Xplay right away . Yes , xplay is n't free any longer , just the trial version was free a while ago . MM is kind of weird though , sometimes changes you make to the tags in MM wo n't make it to the songs in your music library.The sound the Ipod produces is great , just as good or better than music from a CD player . I do n't like ear-bud style headphones , they sound fine , but I prefer my $ 90 over the ear Sony 's . The Ipod sound just as good with those huge headphone as with the ear-buds . The touch-pad is very cool , a little tricky at first , but you get the hang of it soon enough .
 I recently bought the Nomad Zen , but it would n't work on my Mac -LRB- beware Mac users - the newest Creative Lab Mp3 players are NOT compatible -LSB- I spoke with a tech guy there who said there is no support whatsoever for Mac users with Nomad 's new machines -RSB- -RRB- . So I sold the Zen player on -LSB- website -RSB- and put the profits toward the iPod . I really liked the Zen 's FM wired remote and was devastated to see it go . Until I got the iPod -LRB- very easily coverted a `` sale '' 20 GB PC version into a Mac -RRB- . Zen what ? The iPod is a miracle machine . Now if Apple will just make an FM remote - at -LSB- $ $ -RSB- a pop , the company would make millions !
 As a long time PC/Windows user , I 've always been impressed with Apple 's equipment , but also always at a distance . After purchasing my new iPod , I 'm wondering why I do n't have more equipment from them . This product is one of the first I 've purchased in some time that delivers exactly on its promises , worked immediately out of the box as expected , and was just too fun and easy to use . In fact , it took longer to install the FireWire card on my PC , then it did to install , configure and start loading songs onto my iPod.I 'm sure you can read the features this iPod offers elsewhere , but let me tell you that all of those features are indeed included and this device performs extremely well and plays songs as well or better than any other device I 've owned . In fact , if you 're anything like me , once you start using an iPod , you 'll wonder what you did before . Playing music from CDs , even my personal mixes , now seems so antiquated.Assuming you decide to purchase this , here are a few tips
 Watched my friends play with their Ipods for the last couple years , never caught the bug . Finally bought one . WOW ! Scary how obsessed you can get about an device . It ROCKS!First off
 Subject
 We 've had our iPod for a number of months now , and it is hands down the handiest musical device we own . You can connect it to your amplifier , plug it into your car 's tape player , or if you only have a radio tuner , you can even pick up an add-on FM transmitter . Plus , its great for blocking out the snores of others while on business trips.Music playback is superb . 20 minutes of cached music -LRB- anti-skip -RRB- makes the battery life phenominal . Hard drive reads are quick . 10 + hours on a charge means it 'll last all night . Firewire connectivity gives fast music download . I loaded 10 gig of data in about 20 minutes -LRB- Mac Version -RRB- .
 I recieved this as a gift three days ago . The iPod itself is a well-designed and high quality mp3 player . It comes with a nice pair of headphones , an economical remote with a built-in clip -LRB- I liked this especially -RRB- , a DC power charger , a FireWire cord , a pleather carrying case -LRB- which was also a nice plus -RRB- , instructions , warranty , and then a MusicMatch Jukebox disk . Stay as far as you can from the disk . Keep it in another room , or , preferably , under Yucca Mountain where nobody will come in contact with it . This software is truly poisonous.The moment I got the iPod out of its stunning packaging , I plugged it in for four hours to charge , then downloaded all of my music to it . I had small problems with this , when the software would n't read discs , but otherwise it was fine . Now , when I try to update the music , MusicMatch wo n't recognize the iPod . I 'm going to get EphPod .
 The 20GB iPod is truly a wonder of design . It is tiny , lightweight , gets great battery life , and has a fantastic ergonomic design.Syncing MP3s is very fast . If you 've ever transferred MP3s to a USB MP3 player , such as the Creative Labs Nomad Jukebox , you know what I mean when I say that doing so is painful . With a Nomad Jukebox , I would set it to sync before I went to bed . With my iPod , I let it sync while I 'm having a quick lunch . It 's so much faster!My primary reason for loving the iPod is that it is so portable . It is smaller and lighter than any other MP3 jukebox available . I always get at least nine hours of battery life out of it , and usually ten or more . I use it when I ride the train to work . It 's perfect for flying across the country or around the world . Ten hours of battery life covers all but the longest of flights.There are two downfalls of the iPod , which prevent me from giving it five stars . The first is a software issue . Apple sends you MusicMatch for use with a Windows iPod , which has a horrible user interface and is very slow . For encoding MP3s , I use Exact Audio Copy and LAME , resulting in better MP3s . For transferring the MP3s to the iPod , I use EphPod . All of these are freeware . The end result is much faster downloading to my iPod.The second problem with this device is its price . The Nomad Jukebox , which also is 20GB , is currently significantly less expensive than the iPod . However , I think that the size , weight , and battery life of the iPod make its increased price worthwhile . If you have a smaller budget and do n't mind some drawbacks -LRB- larger , heavier , significantly lower battery life , slower to transfer -RRB- , consider the Nomad Jukebox instead . If you can afford it , though , I highly recommend the iPod .
 This device is the most amazing , useful , heavily used piece of electronics I have ever bought . Its form and function are outstanding , and its reliability is impressive.I use it at home , plugged into a wave radio at the office , through the stereo in the car . It is such a joy to have thousands of songs in such a tiny device .
 First off , let me just say that the iPod is the best thing since sliced bread ... and i am exagerrating just a little . Seriously , what strikes u is not its wonderful scroll wheel , or simple interface or the sound of the music it emits but the total awe strucking package . The smooth finish of the silver offset by the white front is only something Apple could invent . When you hold it in your hands , you feel special and it is even better if you order from Apple since u can personalize it . If you are in search of a mp3 player , this should be first and last choice . There is really no comparison ... Now I want to address some technical issues . One reviewer said that this iPod will not work with a Maxtor Firewire card . This is completely false . I have one and use it and it works beautifully . What u have to do is install the driver for the external hard drive storage that comes with this card . Do n't just let Windows automatically install the driver . I mistakenly did this and had problems connecting iPod with my computer . Then I FOLLOWED instructions and everything was fine . I blamed the iPod and was cursing its existence but realized that Apple would not make a crappy product . I looked in the mirror and found the error lied with me.Anyway , the iPod is trully special so pick it up but be prepared to spend alot of time transferring your CDs to it . By the way , MusicMatch is alright but it does take up alot of power so be prepared for computer hangups . It 's ok ... part of the software package ...
 I did lots of investigation before I bought my IPod . It really is the best . I am using the Adaptec cardbus firewire card and it works just fine . I bought the sports carrying case for my IPod and that helps to keep all of the little parts together . It 's also great for travel . Long trips are no problem the battery really lasts ! I agree with everyone else in that the music match software does n't stand up to the quality of the IPod . I 've accidentally wiped out the contents of my IPod twice . Transfer speed is not as fast as they tell you it will be on the Apple website , especially if you are using any of the advanced functions like Volume Leveling . That took my download time from 15-20 minutes to 1-2 hours . Using the IPOD as a PDA is n't so handy . Getting the contact to the IPOD in V-card format from outlook is a real pain . We have two of these little babies in our family , and we 'd buy another one !
 As other reviewers have pointed out , the defect with your purchase comes not with the hardware , but with the attached software . The small gripes , ` ca n't jog ' , ` shiny case gets fingerprints on it ' etc , are just that , small . They go to prove what an excellent machine the IPOD actually is . However , it 's hard to see any excuse for the bundling of Music Match software . There are so many alternatives that actually work that you have to believe that Apple must own a large percentage of Music Match in the first place . I have crossed over to XPlay and though not as simple as it pretends to be , it does have the benefit of working . Music Match is faster , but it will eat at your patience very quickly . Better to follow the path to Xplay and others . The only other downside I can think of is of both Apple 's and Xplay 's reluctance to provide ` live ' Tech Support . You can end up going around in circles on Web Sites and Help menus trying to find answers that humans could give you in moments . If Apple would only provide an address consumers could write to for changes , there would be no doubt that Music Match would be history . Come on , for -LSB- ... -RSB- we need EASE of use .
 Do n't listen to all the other comments complaining , the ipod kicks ! It 's so simple . I 've had to problems with anything . I have a Gateway laptop , it works amazing with it . You will not regret purchasing it . Also , to the person who said musicmatch was a terrible program , I 've been nothing but happy with it . It works so smothly and it 's very easy . Buy the iPod , you wo n't regret it .
 I have had my 20GB iPod for about 3 weeks and it is a wonderful product except for the price . It looks nice and stylish . Quality is excellent , the earphone set is good but the pads can be better . I replace the original earpads with a $ 2 set from Radio Shack . One thing that I do n't like the ipod is that all parts are non-replaceable . The battery , the hard drive , the electronic part ... I am concerned most about the battery . Battery will die overtime , its capability of keeping charge degrades over time . The hard drive is also tends to fail overtime . It is a matter of when not if and it can happen within a year .
 Although I read the reviews saying that the iPod wo n't work with IBM Thinkpad laptops , under WinXP , I could n't resist buying it , & luckily found that it works just fine . My T30 thinkpad connects perfectly to the iPod using an Adaptec Fire400 card , & transfers audio & data files in incredible speed -LRB- CD in 10 seconds or less -RRB- . So , if you have a Thinkpad , my advise is to give it a try , this product is worth everything !
 Regardless of whether you have PC or a Mac , this is the best MP3 player out there . Period . I have over 1000 songs on my ipod and I 've had it for over 8 months and I still use it everyday . Trust me , I could go on and on - this is an amazing little machine !
 The iPod I am reviewing is the one Apple launched recently -LRB- late April 2003 I imagine -RRB- . It is as good as the original pods , but now supports more Windows systems.THINGS TO NOTE : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Lot more storage -- 20 gigabytes for my device -LRB- 30 GB also avail -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- Much lighter , thinner , sleeker -LRB- 3 -RRB- The play/pause buttons are now on the top instead of on the side -LRB- more convenient -RRB- -LRB- 4 -RRB- The user interface is better , the main menu more convenient , you can now build playlists of favorite songs right on the iPod instead of only on a computer.MINOR GRIPES : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Seems that in making the new units more svelte the battery life had to bear the brunt of redesign . I am told older iPods could have lasted up to 12 hours , but my new piece lasts to a max of 7 hours -LRB- hope Apple fixes this with the next release -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The control buttons molded into the surface of the unit are actually touch buttons . And in being that , they are not too efficient/sensitive , takes a bit more of a press than I would like to administer on a thin device.SUMMARY : Despite the minor grouses , I 'd recommend this player in a blink . Perfect bang for the buck .
 I own the Mac version , so my rating is based on that experience . But I found one of the PC reviews interesting . It said : > Downloading songs can be lengthy and battery intensive so the battery may only last for an hour or two while downloading via a non-powered FireWire card and so you will have to recharge before downloading to the iPod again . < You can download 4000 songs in about 20 minutes or so . What is this `` hours '' problem ? Sounds like a really bad firewire card problem .
 To suggest that nobody buy an iPod if they have some flavour of Windows is akin to suggesting that someone not purchase a BMW and drive around after a lobotomy ; clearly one is needed if you do n't adore this product . I have the 20GB version for Macintosh , and have to say that it performs superbly both as a Firewire -LRB- IEEE 1394 -RRB- portable hard disk and a standalone music player . Many Windows users neglect to mention that it serves as a nice pseudo-PDA , with calendaring and contact features built into the > Extras pane . An excellent product , and recommended for audiophiles of all ages . If only it was around when Napster was . .
 Just to give some advice about jogging with the iPod , since other reviewers had problems ... I used to have the lockup problem as well when jogging with the iPod . However , I 've found that if you wrap it in something reasonably shock-absorbent -LRB- e.g. , a woolen cap -RRB- it 'll never freeze up . If you 're encountering the problem and do n't mind some extra bulk , it 's worth trying .
 My daughter received the IPod -LRB- Windows -RRB- as a birthday gift . Upon solving all the obvious installation requirements -LRB- host adapter , drivers conflicts , etc -RRB- , we got it easily installed . This is a SUPERB product . In less than 5 minutes , 683 songs got transferred to the IPod ! The sound is awesome ! I even plugged to the cassette player in my car and everyone was able to enjoy the great sound . Now I 'm checking to see if I can transfer my Palm Pilot data to the IPod . It has been really hard to stay away from this toy . I wish it was NOT sooo expensive , so I can purchase one for myself . For now ... I 'm planning to be EXTREMLY nice to my daughter so she can share it with me . Definitely a 5 star product ! Good job Apple !
 I take my iPod everywhere , I have had it since Christmas , it is the single most useful invention I have ever owned , I have my whole Hip-Hop collection on it . But a few weeks ago it said I only had .5 gb left and I only 800 songs on it , but after a quick reset and reload of songs -LRB- it took 5 minutes honest ! -RRB- it was back to new . You should definately get a case for these , I have kept mine in a case for its whole life and it looks as good as new.Pros
 I 'm a 40 something guy who had not been listening much to my music . That 's all changed since I got my iPod ! I take it with me in the car and whem I travel -LRB- and I have to travel a lot for business -RRB- . I 'm remembering how much I enjoy music!I 've been transferring my CD collection onto the the iPod . I have over 700 songs on it so far and I 'm not even 50 % full ! I have the Mac version -LRB- I have an iMac at home -RRB- and the interface with iTunes3 is incredible . It 's easy to manage your playlists and even transfer equalizer settings to the iPod . You do have to have some patience , the slowest activity is loading your CDs into your computer ... after they 're in , the firewire connection moves them to the iPod in short order.I even purchased a couple of new CD 's -LRB- something that I had not done in over 5 years ! -RRB- - See , music industry , these can be good for your business!Apple hit a home run with this product !
 the apple ipod is for everybody , if you would not even have the slightest urge to bye this product , i think you need a docter . i got the windows version for christmas . it is very easy to install ans is the best of the bunch . i know you might look at the price tag and compare it to the archos jukebox . yea the price might be better , but look at it , it is very hard to navigate , its huge , it can not transfer by firewire , and it does not have the capability of the ipod , if your looking for a hard-drive based player , this is it
 Whatelse do I have to say about this pretty iPod?Easy to use , pretty to look , light to handle , easy to carry , and can have thousands of songs in this little iPod!I had used it for 2 months and never regret for this wonderful product made by APPLE Company . I relly enjoy and love it !
 My Mom Bought Me My iPod In April 2003 At CompUSA . And I Really Like It . After I Unpack The iPod , I Charged It , And I Install The iPod Software . The Software Comes With The MusicMatch Jukebox Program . But My Computer Already Have MusicMatch Jukebox . I Sometimes Use My Remote To Operate My iPod . Someday I Can Bring My iPod To School -LRB- ... -RRB- . I Usually Listen To It When I 'm Going Out With My Family Or Going To My Friend 's House . I Do n't Really Store My Friends ' Phone Numbers And Addresses In My iPod Because I Use My PDA To Store My Friends ' Phone Numbers And Addresses . I Also Do n't Store My Appointments And Events In The Calendars Because I Do n't Know How To Download It . Also , I Use My PDA To Store It . In The Future , At Least In The Year 2010 . My Younger Sister Eileen Could Get Herself One , If She Has Any CDs . Eileen Already Got Herself A Computer And Her Computer Has A FireWire Port .
 It is so nice that Apple decided to release their IPOD to the PC community . The iPOD itself looks great . The size is small enough to fit in the pocket , although it 's heavier than it looks . The menu system on the ipod is very easy to understand and powerful . You can even set the language for the menu . -LRB- It has 100 + languages built in . Note that these languages are just for the menus . If your MP3 has information/name in another language , it will not show up -RRB- The sound is very clear and loud . The earphone , remote control , battery charger , etc are all fit nicely with the ipod . Everything shows Apple 's sleep style.However , the software that comes with it really is not that good . I am very dissapointed the Apple decided to use a third party like musicmatch instead of writing their own I-Tune for PC . The interface if kind of strange and not that straight forward and after the installation , it starts whenever you turned on your computer . When I tried to go to the option tab of musicmatch hoping to disable the autostart feature , it crashed . I use XP Home and every other software works fine . Also , the ipod is not connected icon always appears on the bottom tab and there is no way to disable it . -LRB- Maybe it 's tied to the musicmatch setting , but since I ca n't change that due to the crash , I do n't reall know for sure . -RRB- Overall , 5 star for the hardware , 2 star for the software .
 This is a very well designed and thought out device . Apple has done an exceptional job designing the ipod.I can download nearly 2GIG of MP3 files to the ipod in 10-15 min thru the firewire connection.The sound is great and the controls are very functional . The enclosed software is the musicmatch jukebox and it works ok but the mac version uses imusic software which works better . EphPod is a software jukebox for the ipod and the windows version of this is much better than the music match jukebox.Try ephpod.com to get this software .
 If you are a former Mac user , like me , and like Apple products because of their design and ease of use , you will love the Ipod for PC 's . With no moving parts and loads of space , you will find it easy to fill this puppy up with all your favorite tunes . Musicmatch is acceptable with occasional issues . My biggest complaint is not having full time access to time and date on the screen . This would be simple enough to accomplish since a lot of users would benefit from a quick glance at a clock to see the time . Instead , you have to scrool through a few layers to see the time and date . I would n't consider this a huge issue but I expect more from the designers at Apple . Overall , I would say that if you want one , buy it !
 ... The IPOD comes in a very appealing packaging . Small and lightweight , yet with all of the necessities . Immediately , I plugged my IPOD into my computer , knowing that it would both transfer my songs and charge . I already had MusicMatch on my computer so I did n't need to reinstall it . Despite the negative reviews , the MusicMatch software IS helpful and easy to use . A screen will come up giving instructions , but if not , simply choose `` Send to Portable Device '' under FILE . After installing the IPOD device , MusicMatch instructs you to choose the songs wanted . When completed , the songs will transfer and IPOD will charge . Between fully charging and downloading 450 songs , the transfer took 8 minutes . I disconnected my IPOD and began to customize settings and scroll through my library . The browse feature is very easy to use and helps find songs quickly . While playing a song , you can also use other features in the background . The sound quality of the IPOD was clear and CD quality . The headphones , though not the most comfortable , were still usable . The remote and case also are very handy and stylish.After owning two MP3 players , and putting in much consideration to buying the IPOD , I give it an A + and 5 stars ! The IPOD is the best MP3 by far in its league and worth every penny .
 Wow - I love my iPod . I have n't worked on Macs in years so I guess I forgot how cool Apple 's products are . Even the packaging is well designed . The iPod is easy to navigate and I love the touchwheel . It only took about 40 minutes to transfer 9gigs of files to the iPod from a Startech PCMCIA card on my laptop - clearly superior to any USB connection I 've seen . -LRB- Note that the iPod does not charge from a PCMCIA Firewire connection , though as it would from a PCI Firewire card ; you have to charge it with the adapter that comes with the iPod . -RRB- I did spend a long time using the ID3 tag features in Musicmatch -LRB- included with the PC iPod -RRB- . You 'll want to have all your ID3 tags updated , or have playlists already built before transferring music since the iPod stores the files using the tags , NOT the file names . File names are pretty irrelevant to the iPod , and it does n't care about the folders on your PC.I got a couple different case for it since it would scratch easily . The Action Jacket -LRB- a neoprene case -RRB- is a little to big for this new version of the 10gig iPod , but it has a nice swivel belt clip . I also got the iGlove case without belt clip since it slides into a jacket pocket a lot easier than neoprene . Both are well designed cases.I use a pair of Sony EX-70LP earphones with it and it sounds just great ! The Apple earbuds did n't fit my ears right and the Sony 's are super comfortable to me . All in all this is the coolest thing I 've owned in a long time . Highly recommended !
 I decided on the IPod Mp3 after reading various reviews of both the Ipod and tons of Windows based products . With the software -LRB- Music Match -RRB- being the biggest gripe , I decided to go for the IPod . It rocks ! I just got it today - charged it while I was at work , got home - loaded the software , -LRB- I had a previous version of Music Match already on my computer , so from the day I ordered the Ipod thru last night I loaded many cd 's and created playlists so that when my baby arrived , I could get her goin ' ! -RRB- Everything worked smooth . I have a laptop that is less than a year old , running Windows XP , so maybe that helps - it also has a built in 4prong FireWire port . Only irritation was the remote control , so I hit the internet , went to apple.com , and found out the problem - the jack was n't snuggly in the socket -LRB- not obvious when sound is coming thru the headphones which connect to the remote -RRB- Apple 's Help area was super easy to use and addressed my problem quickly - obviously I am not the only one who thought something was wrong with their remote ... So , I have NO gripes with Music Match or the I Pod itself , all has worked perfectly fine for me . Perhaps some of the reviewers who were disappointed just want to plug in the equipment and POOF have songs ... Oh - the touchpad style scroll thing is sensitive , but anyone with any experience with a notebook touchpad or rollerball style mouse will easily assimilate to the scroller on the IPod ... OOHHHHHHH and the sound is wonderful , even thru the earbuds that came with the IPod ! Go Get It !
 My iPod is simply the best little gadget I have ever owned.Where ever I go , I like to take my music with me . When I moved to the RCA Lyra from CD players , one of the cons was that I could only carry about 10 songs at a time . This was okay when walking to class , but not during the long vacations I would take away from my computer -LRB- and thus , my music collection -RRB- . When I got the iPod , immediately I sent every single song from my computer onto the thing . It took only half an hour , quite an amazing feat , but firewire makes this possible . Then I let it charge - a full charge , as advertised , was only three hours long and gives you 8-10 hours of battery life -LRB- unless you skip around a lot - then battery life is reduced by an order of magnitude -RRB- . What I would recommend is not using Musicmatch - use ephPod instead . Musicmatch is n't really a great music package to begin with , and the interface is just plain horrible . Also , if you skip around a lot , you should create as many playlists as you can - the hard drive inside uses the most energy from the battery when it is seeking , and you drastically reduce battery life .
 I have owner 3 MP3 players and the Apple IPOD is the best I have used . Here 's why :1 . The biggest problem in the other players I have used -LRB- The Archos and a Samsung Yepp -RRB- is the file sorting system . With the Apple IPOD , file sorting is made easy - it 's by artist , by album , by song , by genre or by composer .2 . It has rechargeable batteries built in which last pretty long - 10 hours by my reckoning . Other MP3 players use batteries which get over pretty quickly . This player saves you the hassle and expense .3 . It is lightweight - not bulky like one would expect of a 10 gb hard disk drive .4 . It can also be used as a hard disk drive , not just a media for storing music . You can put pretty much anything on it .5 . Lastly , it has loads of extras like a calendar , the ability for you to store contacts -LRB- all you need to do is export your contacts from Outlook as vcards and you 're set -RRB- , and even a game.Trust me , this player is the best one out there . You WILL not be disappointed .
 This is an expensive MP3 player but well worth the money . This is a wonderfully engineered product -LRB- even more so considering it works on a Wintel machine -RRB- . The WinPod has held hundreds of my MP3s and I am just starting to transfer . -LRB- Capacity is 2000 but some have gotten the device to hold even more . -RRB- The interface with MusicMatch Juke Box is easy to use and the setup was a breeze.Eye catching , great sound , huge capacity . Great device . Kudos to Apple -LRB- it 's even making me think about going Mac next computer purchase -RRB- . Five * s and but worth even more .
 I had my ipod up and running in 30 minutes . Despite the hefty price and the fingerprint exterior , this thing is unbeleivable . The initial download took a little over 30 minutes , but that was becuase I was transferring 1,000 songs in 160kbps . Each sync after that takes less than a minute or two . I have gone running with it with no skips . I read a lot of complaints about MMJB , but I have had no problems with it . It is an intuitive program that allows you to quickly rip your entire CD collection and it even labels the tracks for you using their own song database.I had to install a Belkin 3 port firewire card to download the songs . The card went right in , and even the worst windows OS -LRB- ME -RRB- detected it with no problems whatsoever . Also , buy a sturdy case for your new toy ASAP because it is easily scratched . One last tip , buy some of those PDA screen protectors and apply them to the front of the ipod to protect the screen . Anyway , if you want the best mp3 player available , buy an ipod . You will not be disappointed.Just an update on my review . I have now had my wonderful ipod for 2 months with no problems . There are lots of complaints about how the unit loses power when it is turned off . This can be remedied by not setting the clock on your ipod . That part of the software puts a constant drain on the battery . That quick fix will help prevent battery drain . Some may see this as a loss of one of the ipods features , but my view is that if you can afford an ipod , you can afford a watch too . This reasoning also coincides with the rule that a product that does many things , ca n't do them all well . Once you try to cram 50 features into one product , it ca n't possibly perform them all perfectly 100 % of the time . Therefore , stop using your ipod as a PDA/address book/clock/calendar and remember that it was meant to play music , which it does better than anyone else .
 If quality is defined as meeting or exceeding the requirements I would rate the 10GB iPod for Windows just a click shy of being perfect . The transfer speed via firewire is nothing less than amazing . My other portable is a Rio 500 with a usb 1.1 interface . I transfered about 430 MB 's of data into the iPod in far less time than it takes for about 60 MB 's into the Rio . The versatility of the iPod is wonderful . Read the spec 's . No hype . Very high quality playpack . For the audiophiles you do n't even need to compress into mp3 format . Thanks to the large harddrive , you can rip cd 's to . wav and playback uncompressed . The address book is handy . The large and clear backlit lcd screen is beautiful . Navigating is a breeze with the touch sensitive scroll pad . This is a device with a well thought out form factor and the current bench mark for players of it 's type . The downside
 I ordered the iPod after reading some reviews and talking with people who owned other mp3 players -LRB- Nomad , Rio , Archos -RRB- . One of the main features that appealed to me right off the bat was the compact size of the unit . Comparable to a deck of playing cards . Had I not read the reviews before I installed the software , I might have had some problems . I had a version of MusicMatch -LRB- 7.5 -RRB- already installed on my desktop . The version that comes with the iPod is an older version -LRB- 7.0 -RRB- . When I installed the software , I selected to overwrite the updated version with the included package and experienced no problems downloading my entire music library in about 5 minutes . -LRB- 367 song clips -RRB- It is very easy to navigate on the iPod and the sound quality is great ! If the bass distorts , you can go into settings and change the music type to accomodate your listening preferences -LRB- classical , jazz , rock , etc. -RRB- I also read a review where the person said that they tore up the ear piece covers for the ear buds while they attempted to put them on the unit . I had a similar problem with an earpiece that I use for my cellular phone . Replacement ear foam pieces are available at your local Radio Shack store for a buck or two.Overall , this is a great unit and I am looking forward to using it for my weekend mountain bike rides !
 I have been waiting almost a year for a windows compatible iPod after returning my Archos 6000 last Christmas -LRB- not up to my standards of quality -RRB- . Well worth the wait . It is not only an object of beauty but a well crafted and executed piece of hardware . The sound quality is great and it is just the right size and weight . Is it perfect ? Well no , there are software issues that do n't seem to exist in the Mac format due to the highly rated iTunes . But despite it 's inferior PC interface -LRB- MMJB -RRB- , it is still the best game in town for the PC . Well worth the price . I can easily find fault in electronics and most usually do . The iPod is as good as it gets . If you can fork over the bucks you wo n't be disappointed and you will be envied by all who see it.Postscript : If you are having battery drain problems try updating the firmware at the Apple website to the latest version 1.21 and do not set the clock on the ipod.I also had a connection problem with my remote , Apple had a new one in my hands the next day !! Great customer service .
 I absolutely love my iPod . I mean LOVE it ! I use it everyday approximately 7 - 10 hours a week , and I 've had it for months . It sounds great . It 's small . It 's awsome . Many other good reviews have already been writtien about the iPod 's features and supposed bad points . I 'd love to refute some complaints I 've read , but I 'm going to limit my review to whitch amount of MB 's is needed for this unit.I own the 20GB . Let me assure you -- it 's a great deal of memory . I have mp3 's on the thing that have been on there since the day I bought it . I have yet to exaust its capacity . In my mind , the 10GB is probably a better choice in that i have yet to exaust 20 . I , therefore , would have to guess 30GB is excessive and unnecessary . 20GB is plenty , folks . The only way I could see 30GB being absolutely necessary is if you want to use none of your PC 's hard drive for any mp3 's whatsoever . But that just is n't practical . Usually the way it works is you have 20-40GB on your hard drive and once you 've compiled and organized a full collection of an artist or a playlist you 'd like to have on the iPod , you then load it onto it.I admit , if I were buying my iPod again , I would go for the 20 GB , or even the 30GB -- that 's just my nature . But it 's completely unnecessary . 20GB is a dream . 10GB is just enough . 5GB would leave you wanting.Enjoy !
 The Ipod Came to me just today about 3 hours ago and i have put songs on it in less than 30 minutes . that is something that has never happen to me with any other player i have gotten . The backlight is amazing too . It also has great sound quality . I just dont know why so many people are complaining about Music Match . I mean it worked like a charm for me . Trust me this is a great product and it is really worth the money .
 Being fascinated by the new Technologies I have now purchased 4 mp3 players . I started small with a 64mb Classic which worked very well but 64mb is restricting . I advanced upwards but finally on the advice of a friend got the ipod . Besides the obvious huge memory sizes available , it is so sleek and slick that is just a thrill to hold and look at . It is easy to use , easy to download to , and fast with the firewire . It 's 10 hrs of battery time and other features make it the `` bomb '' . Thanks to Apple for such a great product ... i love it !
 WOW , THIS IS MY FIRST MP3 PLAYER AND IT ROCKS . ALL MY FRIENDS ARE JEALOUS , AND SO THEY SHOULD BE . THE MUSIC MATCH IS OK BUT IT GETS THE JOB DONE . IT GOES EVERYWHERE WITH ME . I ALSO LIKE THE ADDED CALENDER AND CONTACT FEATURE .
 This model of the ipod looks amazingly cool ! I 'd love to own one of these , but there 's only one problem . The price ! When i planned to buy this product i found that the price was as low as 250 pounds but now it 's risen to 300 dollars ! And this is just for the 10mb model ! I told my brother that i had planned to buy this product and his reply was `` they wo n't catch on , because of the price and the technical parts '' . And he 's right ! This product is clearly an amazing product but with a price like this it wo n't sell as quickly as cd players or dvd players ! For this product to start selling at a reasonable rate we have to lower the price to a reasonable price like between 150 pounds and 200 pounds . Then people will become interested ! Also , people have only heard of such a product through the net when it is known that 9/10 people hear of such a product through the television ! If we were to advertise the product on television then people would know what it is and how it will improve there life style !
 This is the best mp3 player on the market . There are other less expensive mp3 players but you get what you pay for . The form factor on the mp3 player is better than other mp3 players that have the same storage capacity . It is a sturdy , well built , and the sound is absolutely wonderful . I highly recommend this to anyone with a large mp3 collection or anyone who does n't want to carry truckloads of CDs .
 If you are a true music fan -LRB- like I am -RRB- , the iPod is a MUST HAVE . Pricey yes , but the amount of music you can store on it as opposed to lugging around all your cd 's makes it worthwhile . It goes everywhere with me . I wholeheartedly give it 5 stars for the sheer love of my iPod . Buy one . YOU NEED IT!Here are some helpful hints :1 -RRB- Use ephpod . -LRB- ephpod.com -RRB- Do n't bother with Musicmatch at all . It is the BIGGEST waste of time .2 -RRB- To avoid scratches buy a case . I went to ipodlounge.com and read the reviews of the different cases available and picked one -LRB- xtrememac -RRB- . There are lots to choose from depending on what you like . PROTECT THE ONE YOU LOVE . ; -RRB- 3 -RRB- iPod is n't just for earphones . I got an iRock wireless adapter as a present and now I can listen to my iPod anywhere ! -LRB- in the car , on my home stereo ... etc. -RRB- 4 -RRB- Obviously get a firewire pci card ... downloads the music to your iPod in a flash.So in conclusion , BUY AN IPOD . You wo n't regret it .
 The IPod is great and much better than my old Creative Nomad . However , there are still a few things which could be tweaked . The on-board file and directory structure is goofy enough that you have to have a iPod related utility like Musicmatch or XPlay to upload music and have the songs be recognized . .
 I 'll be brief.This is my 3rd mp3 player -LRB- counting Archos jukebox twice because I had so many problems with it -RRB- . The Ipod -LRB- for Windows -RRB- operates flawlessly , I have dropped it a few times onto concrete and in the backyard-no problems whatsoever . Download Ephpod software to organize the tracks - A lot easier and makes more sense than Music Match.The IPOD - it 's beautiful , it 's tough , it sounds fantastic . Do n't waste your money on the Archos MP3 players , they are shabbily built , are buggy and customer service is non-existent .
 I just bought the Ipod and it fully meets my expectations . So why the 4 stars , just small things missing . Like a radio would be nice , but with 2000 songs not really nessecary , but still be nice . Other thing is the lack of manual for using the Ipod . I 'm not technically challenged but I did n't know that you could not disconnect the Ipod with out a special procedure . Luckily nothing happened to my Ipod . Otherwise its a great product , allthough I would recommend that you also purchase Xplay , because MusicMatch can be a pain . Ipod worth the price .
 As soon as I heard about the incredibly large storage capicity on Apple 's iPod series of MP3 players , I wanted one . I needed one . I just had to save up the cash to but one . And when I did , the iPod did not dissapoint . This compact but powerful digital audio player puts all others to shame . This version can hold up to 10 GB 's of music , something like 2200 songs , give or take . It organizes , automatically , the songs into albums , genre , and artists . Although you can only use the digital jukebox that comes with the player to arrange your playlists and download songs to the iPod , you can still create dozens of specific playlists for whatever mood you 're in . Where other large capacity MP3 players are bulky , the iPod fits easily into a pocket , and the 10GB and 20GB versions come with their own cases with a belt attachment . Also included are a remote for switching songs and a FireWire cord for use in transferring the music and charging the litium-ion battery . That 's right-no extra battery 's to buy , it 's rechargable too.The only problems are that the iPod is only adaptable to Windows 2000 and above . Win 98 users will have to upgrade to use it . Also , the digital jukebox the iPod uses to manage your songs and playlist on your computer is full of flaws if you want to do more than just arrange the playlists and transfer songs . Finally , you need a FireWire card , not a USB 2 port , to transfer the music . All in all though , if you want the highest quality playback and the largest capacity available in the smallest size , the iPod is still the best way to go . It can hook up to your stereo system and eliminate the need to change CD 's at a party . Maybe someday it can raise your children . It is easily the greatest consumer electronic product ever . I love my iPod . Go buy one now .
 Last night I was out , and I dropped my 5gb Ipod down a flight of concrete stairs . It was in a leather case , but I felt for sure I had just destroyed it . I picked it up , and it would n't turn on initally , but once I performed a hard reset , it started up just fine , no songs lost or anything . I was very impressed , no other MP3 player , especially one with a hard drive , is this durable .
 My review is mostly on the general egineering and physical quality of the product.I would not be surprised if the iPod design team sat down in a circle before they started and asked `` what characteristics would the ultimate mp3 player have ? '' You can tell this was their line of thinking , just by holding an iPod . Beauty . Simplicity . Quality construction . Innovative . Intuituve.Serisouly , this thing is first rate.Not flimsy like most electronics you buy , this thing is built like an expensive gourmet kitchen appliance , but very small and compact at the same time . I was suprised how small it was , I thought it was going to be bigger . The casing is stainless steel chrome , the top looks like a sheet of plexiglass -LRB- not flimsy clear plastic like the top of a calculator -RRB- ... plexiglass as in those plastic bricks people would put Joe Montana 's rookie card in . Its beautiful.The firmware is very simple and well designed too , easy to navigate . The solid state wheel is awesome , kind of like a track pad . The navigation of the menus is incredibly intuitve and easy . I recommend going to apple 's website and watching their iPod promo video . Its give you a good feel for the product if you ca n't actually find one to try out in a store.Overall , you can tell people spent a great deal of time engineering this thing , planning it out , and it shows , truly surpassing one 's expectations of traditional manufactured electronics.The firewire is very fast , I could n't imagine using USB , which some of the other large storage mp3 players use . I can transfer a TON of songs in a minute . Personally I think the firewire is a must if you are going to buy an Mp3 player that can hold Gigs of data.It can also be used as a portable hardrive for data files , software , etc.MusicMatch -LRB- PC users only -RRB- is okay , but there are plently of freeware iPod clients you can get off the internet that have more advanced features . So , if you do n't like MusicMatch you can just try something else.It 's very expensive , but as they say , `` you get what you pay for ! '' I bought it as a Christmas present to myself after I got a bonus from work , which made the cost a little easier to justify . As a relative used to tell me after giving me christmas money as a kid , `` Go buy something nice for yourself . ''
 Do n't listen to any of the other negative reviews . This MP3 player is the best . But I must say Music Match really stinks , but there is a simple solution . Downlod ephpod it is really cool and loks like I tunes 3 for mac OSX . One more minor downer is that if you try to press too many buttons , the IPOD will overload , causing it to `` freeze . '' However all you have to do is reset the IPOD.So the to MINOR problems above -LRB- eventually solved by firmware and software updates -RRB- are really minor . And with this Mp3 Player you get bang for your buck !
 I received my iPod Win -LRB- 10 gigs -RRB- last week and all I can say is it is great . Prior to purchasing I read all consumer reviews listed on this site and saw the numerous concerns raised regarding the MusicMatch -LRB- or is it Music Unmatch -RRB- software . But I had to try it myself . One hour later , I canned it and downloaded Mediafour XPlay drag and drop software ... it works like a champ . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH MUSICMATCH . Those halfwits do not have a clue . I 've hooked the iPod up to my stereo receiver ... . EXCELLENT !! I also purchased the `` TransPod All-In-One Car Solution for iPod '' an FM transmitter for the car . ... I have owned these devises in past and they have been less than stellar but this one works very well . It transmits through your radio and charges at the same time.The iPod sound and unit menu system are the best . I have uploaded all my music and created playlist for every mood and occasion . I love it !!
 Just got the 10-gig I-pod Friday -LRB- picked up on sale as Apple is dropping 10-gig in favor of `` mini '' and `` 15-gig '' -RRB- . All I can say is awesome . I never had Apple before and was skeptical . But all my fears were erased . I have a 6 month-old Compaq at home and had no problems getting the two to sync up . Literally `` plug and play '' . Bonus is , if your Windows PC has a newer fire-wire port , it will even charge the I-pod while downloading music . I have about 250 songs -LRB- 20 albums -RRB- on it right now , and using just over 2-gig . I read a lot about people having problems sync-ing their window-based PCs to I-pod . Based on my experience , I can only guess they are using older PCs -LRB- I have a pentium-4 , 2.2 , 256 -RRB- . One tip , if you 're `` ripping '' CDs to put on your I-pod , be logged into the web . I-tunes will literally fill out all the song/track information for you -LRB- a little tid-bit I found by accident -RRB- .
 The Apple iPod has been around for a while now . At first it was n't even PC compatible and hackers figured out a way to make it work with a PC . Apple got smart and released a Windows/PC version . This thing has had so much success that it 's received 10 out of 10 ratings by PC Magazines that tend to be biased when it comes to Apple related stuff.About my iPod , I went with the 10 gig model . I have never had a problem with it discharging the battery on it 's own after not using it for days or even weeks . Just to be on the safe side , when you turn the iPod off , use the & quot ; hold & quot ; button , this will lock out all the buttons so that it does n't accidentally turn itself on . As far as scratches and the beauty of the machine goes . I bought something called an iPod Wrap . It 's similar to static cling tape . It pretty much wraps the entire machine except for the scroll wheel and other frequently used ports.This thing is durable . I exposed mine to salty air mist on board a ship . I remember having to wipe the salt of the LCD screen . I also remember accidentally dropping it 4 times from a height of atleast 4 feet onto a solid surface . I 've owned mine for about 8 months now and I have n't had a single problem with it . It 's dependable , durable , and the quality is amazing.The iPod comes with an Apple specific version of Music Match Jukebox . Music Match Jukebox is one of the best audio players out there . For those of you who do n't know , you can upgrade to Music Match 7.5 for free after installing the Apple version . After that , just find the iPod plugin and you 've got yourself the most recent version of Music Match Jukebox.Firewire is the reason why most people are affraid to buy this iPod . Most new computers come with a Firewire -LRB- IEEE 1394 -RRB- port . On Sony computers it 's called `` iLink . '' You can buy a PCI firewire card and install it yourself . Also a good solution is to upgrade your sound card to a Sound Blaster Audigy sound card . This sound card includes a built-in firewire port . For those of you who had a USB 1.1 Mp3 player , to begin with it was probably a flash memory type of 128MB or less . Imagine waiting for 10 or 20 gigs worth of songs to download over a USB 1.1 connection ! Firewire is the way to go !
 This i pod is awsome it is the greatest mp3 player on the market . I have had it for a year and i still havent come close to filling up 2,000 songs . I pod can also almost double as a plam pilot with its contact lists and calenders . and in your spare time when your not listening to music you can play games . the redesigned scroll wheel allows you to to easly direct youre i pod and its less senstive to dirt and dust and sand . in short get a apple i pod and i think its worth the extra money to get the 10gb
 The only problem I 've had with it is the pouch with a belt clip that came with it broke -LRB- I 'm kind of hard on things -RRB- . As for the actual iPods durability I 'm totally amazed , I 've dropped it several times -LRB- I meant to baby it , but I end up using it to much -RRB- . Battery/Storage/Size make the iPod great .
 i dont know what these people are talking about when they start critisizing the ipod . the ipod is the best mp3 player ever made and it lives up to its name . i have had one for about a month or two now and i have not had one problem with it . i love it , and i have to say it is well worth the money . Im sorry to say that the people who do now give the ipod less then a five should reconsider because this is not just an mp3 player . if you give the ipod anything less then a five , i have to say that you are falt out wrong . any questions i might be able to help with , e-mail me at mouse365@hotmail.com
 Bought this for my wife for christmas , and she loves it -LRB- and so do I -RRB- . It 's a little pricey , but any apple product is . The interface is outstanding and well thought out . I 'm still out to lunch on whether or not that should justify paying considerably more than other products which have more memory , but the product itself is great.PS
 All I have to say is that this iPod is an absolute amazing product . I received this mp3 player for Christmas and I am absolutely satisfied 110 % and more . It is very simple to use and it sounds great . You can store more than 2,000 songs with 128 Kb/Sec compression rate . I ca n't put it down . I take it with me everywhere I go
 I have had my iPod since more than 2 months ago . I really love it . It 's awesome and its features are awsome -LRB- without mentioning the software - -LRB- ... -RRB- is the solution -RRB- . The contacts , calendar , big capacity , back-lit LCD screen , coolest design , very lightweight aand compact , long battery life with small charge time ... Many more !!!
 I bought this iPod only the Mac version so I have the advantage of Mac OS X and iTunes on my side , so I do n't know how it works with MusicMatch . I have dropped my iPod about 4 times and it still works like a charm -LRB- do n't recommend dropping it though -RRB- , also with the battery , it is suppose to last -LRB- according to Sony -RRB- about 2.5 years with 24/7 charging . BUT Apple will have a repair plan in the near future that will allow you to either send your iPod to Cuppertino to get it replaced for $ 20 shipping , or take it to an Apple Store for 3 hour fixing -LRB- about -RRB- . I would highly recommend this product because as you may or may not know . Things made by apple are always good , and when you find a bad ti has already been fixed.AndyPS . with the firmware issue , that is because of the Windows/Mac conflicts in that current version . Look for a fix in January 2003 -LRB- Free -RRB-
 Reader 's Recommendations
 The Apple Ipod -LRB- 5 GB , 10 GB , and 20 GB models -RRB- is the best MP3 player out on the market - no doubt about it . But why give only 4 stars out of 5 ? One reason , and its as simple as this , MONEY ! The 10 GB Apple Ipod costs an amazing ... But in any case , if money is no object , then your best bet is w / an Ipod . The Ipod offers amazing features , which some Mp3 players dont have , and fantastic quality . Basically your paying ... for the awesome quality which this little sliver box has to offer . Heres a list of the good and bad of the Apple Ipod : Pros : + Sound Is Amazing - Crisp , Clean + Its a Jukebox 10 GB -LRB- only though about 9.2 gb is useable -RRB- + extras such as the calendar , contacts , and get this a game of PONG ! + Terrific Browsing - Automatically BY Artist , Album , etc. + Customizable Playlists ! + Good Software -LRB- Windows - MusicMatch MAC-iTunes -RRB- And the List goes on and on + Many Different Equalizer Presets + Uses FireWire to transfer songs-fasT ! -LRB- if you own a PC you will need to buy a firewire PCI card if your computer does n't already have one -RRB- Cons : - expensive ! - very easily scratched -LRB- the second you take out the Ipod I guarantee you that you will scratch it within 2 minutes -RRB- - can not be dropped ! fragile ! -LRB- this isnt for people who need an MP3 player while doing sports and physical activites -RRB- Beside these few minor problems , the Apple Ipod is just truly remarkable . You will not be disappointed if you buy one - its really a good investment .
 Do I recommend to iPod , despite the price ? The answer is a loud Yes . This product is wonderful . Holds more music then you may ever need . The interface is intuitive and easy to use . If you 're the type that needs to read instructions before even attempting to figure things out , well guess what , even you can use this product . The sound quality is great ; the size is petite and easy to put anywhere , whether it 's your pants pocket or your shirt pocket . The carrying case may seem skimpy but it actually does a good job of protecting the iPod . The case is similar to the hard plastic cases for cell phones where you slide the iPod out to make any adjustments but the case stays strapped to your belt . The remote is great to , again intuitive in use and after only a use or two you 'll have no problem hitting those buttons without looking.When it comes to listening to all those songs on the iPod you have many search options such as search by song , album , and singer . Add all the playlists you want to make listening to what you want even easier . If I have any complaint , it is the shiny chrome surface which is perfect for fingerprints and smudges but after a day or so of use , you will get use to it and no longer notice.By the way , you want the firewire card the iPod requires and the reason is simple - speed . USB would take 8-10 hours to transfer 10 gigabytes of music , firewire only takes an hour or less.So you have this wonderful piece of Apple hardware but what about the Windows software - MusicMatch ? Well , it stinks . That is putting it mildly . To add songs to your play list you first have to add songs to the MusicMatch library , no big deal there , but no instructions on how to do it either . So you have your songs in the library and you want to change them so after you have the iPod hooked up you click `` Sync '' and after thirty or so minutes you have 1000 plus songs on your iPod.So where are the problems ? Well after you fire your iPod up you notice some strange things like the same artist listed five times or the same album showing three times . Looking carefully you will notice the difference is only a character or two so Pink would be listed Pink , Pin , and Pi . So you think , aw man , my iPod is defective , but if you check out your MusicMatch library you will notice that it lists the singer the same way . So you correct those entries using the `` Tag '' option . But guess what , when you look at the album titles , artists , song titles and genre you notice that so many of them have errors , usually the last character missing from each field . Suddenly you do n't have to fix dozen or so titles but quite literally your entire library of 1000 plus songs times four fields , using the tag option . On top of that , there is no guarantee that MusicMatch will transfer those changes to your iPod . The fix according to MusicMatch is to add a space at the end of every entry , and this works but again to have to do this to 1000 + songs for four different fields is a time-consuming proposition . Supposedly a fix will be out for this problem but considering what a basic thing it is to read a text field and duplicate that information there is simply no excuse for it.Also , another problem is that the syncing . By syncing the iPod you would think that meant I added a new album to my collection and after hooking my iPod to the computer , just that album will be added . Nope , MusicMatch deletes your entire library from the iPod and re-adds it , in the process adding the new album . Also , before even doing this you have to tell the library to add this album . It does not automatically add it even though that album is in the same directory that the library is compiled from.A final problem is there is a feature that allows volume leveling so that all the songs have the same volume when played . Sounds like a cool feature till you realize that for MusicMatch to make the changes to level the volume it actually alters the file on your computer then transfers it . So you ca n't revert back to the way it previously was and also as a bonus , all that information about album , song title , genre and artist are now gone and the only way you can change them is to use MusicMatch 's tag ability because the Windows property section no longer contains those fields.So to sum up , iPod wonderful mp3 player , quit simply the best on the market . MusicMatch , a joke of software that can not do something as simple as read text fields properly . My recommendation ? By Windows iPod , marvel at it . Take that iPod disc that comes with it and toss it back in the box . Instead , use a search engine to find Ephpod . It is a free program that makes transferring music to the iPod a pleasure . It actually reads the tags right and when it syncs , low and behold , the program only adds the new stuff without deleting everything from the iPod and adding it again like MusicMatch does . Also it supports audible , calender , and contacts easily . Basically , it is everything that MusicMatch should have been . Did I mention it is free ? So get your iPod , get Ephpod , and you are ready to go and enjoy this wonderful piece of hardware .
 I purchased both a Zen and a 10 GB iPOD a few days ago . Bottom line is that the Zen is being sent back and I am keeping the iPOD.I bought the Zen because it was significantly lower priced for the 20 GB size . I had previously owned a Creative Nomad II and liked it . The zen only measures slightly larger than iPOD , but it is a significant difference . On the Zen , the control buttons are along both sides . It was too large hold the Zen and control it all with one hand . The Zen was too large and heavy to put in my shirt pocket . I like to sit at my desk and listen to music . I keep the player in my shirt pocket because it is easy to get to , and I do n't accidentally pull it off my desk . In addition , the screen is smaller on the Zen , and it chopped off a lot of the file names . Finally , the Zen 's menu system is quite a bit harder to use.The iPOD is easy to use with one hand , the menu system is easy to use , and it sounds great . Several reviews had mentionned that the PC SW Music Match was very difficult to use and has some problems . I did n't have any of these major issues . I had a slight issue with the song tags , but it was pretty easy to fix . I currently have about 3 GB of music , so it fits nicely on the 10 GB iPOD with room to grow . I wish the iPOD played WMA files , but I will recode my music due to the iPOD 's ease of use . I only gave the iPOD a 4 star because of the lack of WMA support .
 After 6 months of owning an ipod , I am just as enamoured with it as I was the first day . I have over 700 songs on it and still have 6 gb free . I have digitized almost every piece of music I own . I regularly hook it up to my Harman Kardon home theatre system and the fidelity is incredible . The interface is intuitive and the touchpad is sleek . I have to give it to apple , they really do well with the details like the audio feedback -LRB- little clicking noise -RRB- from the touch pad and the equalizer settings . I would however recommend replacing the stock earbuds with some high quality headphones or else you 're selling yourself short.I have found only two problems :1 -RRB- It tends to get scratched up pretty easily -LRB- solution
 The reason why Apple decided to use firewire instead of usb is simply because usb is not fast enough to load 5g ,10 g or 20g of songs to ipod -LRB- even usb 2.0 is nothing compared to firewire -RRB- . Firewire card is not that costly . Althought it costs you extra money , but it is worth it . About the skipping music problem with ipod , I found these documents from apple.com . These documents are from faq of ipod.Question 10
 As of this month , this is the third MP3 player I have bought in the last 2 years and this is by far the last one I will buy ! I originally had a Creative Nomad Jukebox but was not happy . Slow connection speeds etc etc. . But once I bought the Ipod , I have been thrilled . Super fast downloading speeds , great scroll wheel , the size alone is enough to make anyone drool ! But one bad note , the battery life , they do claim 10 hours , which it can easily do . But , when you are not using it for more then 2 or 3 days , the battery for some random reason drains , and you must charge it again . Other then that , it is by far the best MP3 money can buy !
 First off let me say that I love this product and it works like a charm . The volume level can go very high and the battery lasts for the promised 10 hours . The Ipod itself is very small , light , and is the size of a deck of cards . The display is very large and well lit , and the earphones look just as good as they sound -LRB- which is excellent -RRB- . Now , despite all the awesomeness that the Ipod device offers , the MusicMatch software causes problems . MusicMatch worked very well for me before I started using Ipod . The Ipod had significant difficulties when I first tried to transfer music to it , and still crashes on me from time to time . The Ipod also must be sychronized with the music library in MusicMatch . This may take several minutes . Other than these flaws , it is a fine program.Pros : - Unbelievably cool and compact design-Touch-sensitive scroll wheel-Very , very loud-Excellent remote-Great earphones-User 's manual is very helpful-Ultra-fast FireWire-No need to take battery out -LRB- its built in -RRB- - Can get 80 % charged in 1 hourCons : - If it takes 1 hour to charge to 80 % , then why does it take 4 hours to charge it fully ? That makes no sense.-Battery only designed to last 500 charges -LRB- ca n't hold a charge after 500 cycles -RRB- - Buggy MusicMatch softwareOverall this thing is the crowning gem if you want a solid-state MP3 player and have a sizeable music collection . Get it now . Once you 've figured out the software , you 'll love this thing . The only reason it gets 4 stars is because of the software .
 I 've had my Ipod for about 2 months , and it 's working great , not a single glitch , nor a compatibility issue to complain about . However , there are some things to know.First , let me warn you , Musicmatch is not Itunes . If you know anything about the wonderful play list program that allows Imacs to hook up with Ipods , then prepare to be disappointed . Musicmatch will sync up your PC with the Ipod , but you ca n't do major syncs without first erasing everything on your Ipod and re-uploading all your songs in one swoop . That makes swapping the Ipod to and from different computers very difficult because if you want to add songs from more than one computer to the Ipod you have to do it manually.However , Musicmatch does allow you to set up playlists , a major function of the Ipod . Once your music is loaded , you can browse through your songs via playlists , song list , artist , genre , etc. . And it 's all done with the wonderful and effortless touch wheel in the center and the simple five-button interface . Simplicity is the key here , and boy does it work . Even Helen Keller could have figure out how to use this thing.Play time for the ipod is about 10 hours plus on a rechargeable battery that can be charged via the computer -LRB- depending on your firewire card -RRB- or external AC . The audio quality is some of the best I 've heard on an MP3 player , especially when the MP3 quality is 128 or higher.As mentioned above , the Ipod DOES require a firewire port in order to sync with a computer . They 're cheap , about $ $ $ $ -LRB- Belkin makes a great 3 port IEEE 1394 Firewire card -RRB- but it is an added expense . If you have a laptop , the Ipod comes with a firewire to mini-firewire converter , which is usually the standard on laptops.Also , unfortunately , the Windows Ipod can not play WMA files -LRB- direct CD rips or high quality Windows Media sound files -RRB- . MP3 files only . There are features like Date/time/calendar / and contact list but to synchronize them with your computer is more painful than pleasant or worthwhile . And while Musicmatch is n't perfect , I 've had no trouble with it . Although If you have Musicmatch 7.2 or higher , you might be slightly annoyed with having to go `` backwards '' to a lower version of Musicmatch , which as of yet has no updates.Also , it has the distinct feature of being one of the most expensive players on the market , beaten only by it 's sister model , the 20 gig , at $ $ $ dollars . However , if it 's the difference between buying the Delorian and the Diablo -LRB- and you can afford it -RRB- , I 'll take the Diablo any day.The Final Word
 Having read many reviews on the iPod , I could n't agree more with the overall consensus that this unit is one fantastic MP3 player . Having never owned an apple product before I was skeptical how easy would the iPod interface with Windows
 If you 've read other reviews , they will tell you how great the iPod is , but how poor the included software -LRB- MusicMatch -RRB- is ... About the iPod
 After spending -LSB- money -RSB- on an mp3 player that virtually had no instructions , complicated to use and downright frustrating , I sent it back and did further research . A friend had just purchased an iPod 10 and gave me a demo . It was easy to set up and download , not to mention the user friendly features and clarity of fidelity . After further research I decided to spend -LSB- money -RSB- for the iPod 10 . Yes it is expensive but well worth the investment considering all other mp3 players I looked at . To me , there is only one mp3 player ... the Apple iPod !
 There is nothing more to say about the iPod than that it 's freakin ' awesome . Buy one .
 I am looking at an I Pod but have Windows 98 and no firewire card . I am thinking of buying a belkin firewire card . Does anyone know if that would work .
 Virtually perfect . Transfering tunes takes seconds . Easy to sort , select and play . Battery life is excellent , close to 10 hours of play on each charge .
 What a great and intuitive product ! I have loaded 100 Cd 's and still have over 10 gigs free using the highest quality 190 kb compresstion format . At first I thought that this product was pricey , but after watching a friend watch his usb mp3 player synching for what seemed an eternity , I am truly sold on this device and the remarkable speed of firewire . If you try it you will want to buy it .
 I have had the iPod for a few weeks now , and love it ! I have had other MP3 players and though they are smaller , the capacity of the iPod is beyond fantastic ! This could be a 5 star product , but I do n't like the cover on the fire wire plug in as I have finger nails and it is a pain to open and access . I am also not fond of how easily it can be turned on when I am storing the player . I am in the habit of using the hold button now , but it seems power could have been protected in a more effective manner . The controls and display are big , bright and really user friendly . The battery last a long time when charged using the wall adapter , and fire wire , included . I use this player in my car rather than a CD stereo , and I no longer need to use blank CD 's to transport my music collection . It is everything that I need and well worth the investment .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but I must admit I 'm very impressed with the iPod . It is true to the Apple philosophy in all facets . It is well integrated with the iTunes software -LRB- which I have running on a G4 laptop -RRB- . The iPod is really easy to use . The sound quality is great . It holds somewhat less than the advertised 4000 songs , but I could still drive across the country a couple of times and never hear the same song twice . It also upholds Apple 's ability to make a really good product that is also really expensive . Still , if you have a few extra bucks , it is definitely worth it .
 I have had this ipod for a few months and use it snowboarding and at school and at the track at the dentist and when I go to bed and when I am knitting and when I pet my cat . I use this thing everywhere , and because I have every CD I own on there I never have to swap music . this thing will rock your face into the year 3000 .
 iTunes and the iPod are a powerful combination . I used to have an Archos Jukebox hooked up to my PC . The software for managing the MP3s left a lot to be desired and I had to find a shareware program to sync up the MP3 player and the PC . Transferring files over USB took forever and the PC occasionally crashed . Then comes the iPod . It 's small , well designed , and the performance is amazing . I transferred 5 GB of data in well under 10 minutes . It can also be used as an external hard disk for backing up your files . The iPod is tightly integrated with iTunes , so managing your MP3s is a breeze . The iPod charges when it 's plugged in and is the first consumer electronic I 've ever owned that actually had battery life as advertised -LRB- 10 hours -RRB- . 20 GB is probably overkill , but 5 GB is n't enough . If you 've got the dough , I highly recommend the 20 GB iPod .
 I got this IPod 20 GB . It is a greatest MP 3 player on earth -LRB- for now -RRB- The size is very small and fits in my purse perfectly . It is even better when I got the Irock . Now I do n't have to change the CD while I am driving . I just use my Irock device plug into my IPod and tunes my stereo station to play the songs from my IPod . I am a PC user -LRB- right now -RRB- but my husband is a Mac guy . You can get an Ipod with the Mac version and Pc version also . I tend to use them with the Mac though because it is very easy , just plug it in and it will tune to the Itunes on your Mac . Great item ...
 I 've owned the 5 gig and 10 gig , now I own the 20 gig and have tons and tons of music on it now . I also love the new clock , calendar and contact menus . So now not only do I have my entire MP3 collection but also my entire address book and calendar too ! I also always know what time it is . Thanks Apple !!! Oh love the remote too ! , no more fumbling to change channels while I drive .
 I have owned an ipod since March of 2002 . It is a great mp3 player , easy to use , sounds great , firewire interface , and made by Apple . Could n't get any better , right ? After running four marathons with the ipod I am finidng that is becoming confused with the amont of power it has left . Last week I only got about two hours of play before it quit . The ipod can also get confused about where it is on a particualr playlist , very aggravating . These problems only occur during the boucing and movement that comes from working out . It is a great mp3 player , but a little too sensitive for the active listener .
 This iPod ROCKS ! The downloads from the computer are FAST due to the Firwire interface , sound quality is good , it is easy to use , and the small size makes it perfect for running , working out , walking , and playing in the car.The included earbud headphones sound fine , but I bought a pair of Koss KSC-55 headphones that sound better and stay on my head.I like the remote control , especially when I use it in the car -LRB- who needs satellite radio when you have 4000 + songs in the center console ??? -RRB- . Overall , I am extremely satisfied . You will be , too .
 If you need more songs and you are willing to spend $ 499.99 I would recommend this iPod to you . This is the second generation 20 gigabyte iPod . This iPod holds about 4,000 songs at near CD-quality . I do n't have this version but I do have the 10 gigabyte version -LRB- plus another few iPods -RRB- . I think Apple has designed their MP3 players extremely well . I love the white coating on the top and the metal-finish at the back . People do not see too much difference between the first and second generation iPods . There really is n't too much change accept now the scroll wheel is n't mechanical ; that 's the only big change . There is a cover for the connectivity ports and the 10GB version is a bit thinner than the first generation 5GB version . This iPod is about .80 '' in depth which is pretty thick . The 10GB is still .78 '' but you can still see the difference . Now iPods are really thin especially with the mini but the new fourth generation is extremely thin as well . This weights about 6.5 ounces which is kind of heavy but it will still suite you well . The battery life on this is about 10 hours which is n't too bad compared to the third generation iPod 's 8 hour battery life . I would recommend you getting a case so the metal or white plastic on top will not get scatched . This iPod has really everything you need
 This is a wonderful , wonderful piece of equipment . It is ergonomically a delight to hold and easy to use . This truly is a dream machine . I own a Windows version and 20GB iPod . The software is a little confusing , but it gets the job done . For the price , Apple should have included a decent manual . In any event , it worked out of the box without any problems so far -LRB- January 2003 -RRB- . It was expensive sure , but wow is it worth it . The engineers at Apple are to be commended for this one ! and for making it compatible with Windows PC 's . The best MP3 I have ever seen . You wo n't be sorry you buy it .
 Words can not describe how much better the iPod is than every other MP3 player available . Anyone who says otherwise has never used an iPod.It is small , light , easy to use , and sounds fabulous.What else could you ask for ?
 This device is pure joy . On top of holding thousands of songs , I recently got an Audible account , and now it holds `` books on iPod . '' It accompanies me everywhere . I listen to books , subscriptions to radio shows , and of course , music . It 's a beautiful , high-quality device . I originally thought the price was a stretch , but now I 'd buy another one if I lost this one . Buy it , you wo n't regret it .
 Steve Jobs wants you to be cool , and this is the hardware he wants you to do it with . You can store enough music on this baby for a continuous week of hi-fi stereo tunes , and you can keep her charged up with the included adapter or by plugging her into the FireWire port.No FireWire port ? That 's a problem , because you need to connect the iPod to a FireWire-equipped Mac in order to get tunes onto it . It takes about 5 seconds to transfer an average track - blazing fast ! You can put your whole library on here in less than an hour , using the easy drag-and-drop iTunes software.And now , you can even use your iPod to play back tunes purchased from Apple 's online music store , in the high-quality AAC format!I get about 2 hours per charge -LRB- I play high volume to drown out subway noise -RRB- , and my iPod is sturdy enough to go biking with no skips . I do n't bother using the wired remote or the belt clip ; but I do use a car adapter to get my tunes playing over my car 's stereo system ! And I occasionally use the iPod as a portable hard disk as well ! Fits right in my pocket!So , if you want maximum cool and maximum tunes , look no further !
 When the iPod first came out , I wanted one , but hesitated . The hard drive on my old iMac did n't have much free space for mp3 files . Then I decided to get the latest iMac -LRB- 17 '' monitor -RRB- , and it had a nice 80 GB hard drive . That meant plenty of space to store my mp3s , so I bought the 20GB iPod as well . Within two days , I was hooked on this perfect little device , and it IS perfect.FEATURES : The touch wheel is so smooth and intuitive that I got used to it in about 20 seconds.The menus are clear , straightforward and , again , intuitive . You can browse by artist , genre , composer , song title , album . You can have playlists of songs . You can repeat one song , or a group of songs . You can shuffle . And you do n't need a reference book for how to do any of it . It 's all right there , at the touch of your finger.The sound is absolutely amazing -- Equalizer settings are extensive . If you know how to play with iTunes , you can create your own settings , too , and they 'll load into your iPod.The download speed is fricking unbelievable -- When I finally had a `` few '' songs loaded into my new iMac -LRB- about 140 -RRB- , it took less than 2 minutes to download all of them , including the playlists I 'd set up . iTunes made the download process itself so easy -- all I did was plug in the iPod and iTunes took care of the rest for me . Thank goodness for iTunes . I ca n't imagine handling mp3s without this nifty -LRB- and FREE -RRB- program ! Oh -- and while I was downloading my mp3s that first time , the iPod used my network clock to set the date and time on the player.I have n't used the iPod as an alternate hard drive yet , but I definitely plan to . My husband has a PowerBook , and there are some files from my iMac that I 'll want to bring with me when we travel . The iPod will be the perfect device for that.I 've looked at the calendar/contact features , but I do n't really need them . My husband definitely plans to use both , though , in his work as a consultant.I have one complaint about the headphones that come with the iPod
 It 's true - Apple 's flair for design -LRB- certain models of iMac excepted -RRB- comes through again , albeit at a price -LRB- but that 's always true for Apple -RRB- . I previously had an old USB Nomad Jukebox , with the drive upgraded to 30GB . My purchase of an iPod was prompted by an attempt to sync the 10GB or so of MP3s I 'd ripped into iTunes to it . After 30 minutes , it was about 10 % done - then it crashed for no reason . I 'd previously ruled out the iPod as having too little capacity . Then along came the 20GB model . Technically speaking , it 's still too small - I think I 'd need at least 80GB to get my entire CD collection stored at reasonable quality - but the speed of the iPod 's Firewire connection makes it so easy to drag music around that , once I get to the point where I 've got over 20GB ripped , I can just sync particular playlists , rather than the entire iTunes collection.Syncing is very fast indeed . The collection that caused my Nomad Jukebox to choke transferred in under ten minutes , automatically , the very first time I hooked the iPod to my PC . The only human intervention required in the entire process was to select English as my language when I first switched it on , plug it into a free Firewire socket and accept the default name it gave my iPod -LRB- the rather unimaginative `` Alan Crawford 's iPod '' -RRB- . The menus are easy to navigate -LRB- the circular dial for scrolling up and down is great once you grasp the idea of going round and round instead of linearly -RRB- , the earbuds are comfy -LRB- as earbuds go - at home I still use my big honking Sony headphones -RRB- , you can either charge it via the computer while it 's connected or use the separate AC charger , there 's a keylock to prevent sudden unexpected bursts of music , and there 's a nice little belt holster to keep it in . Oh , and a little inline remote control gizmo that I have n't really had cause to use yet.It 's all packaged in that typical Apple style that makes just opening the box an event , the design is attractive -LRB- although I believe it 's prone to scratches - maybe the holster will reduce that problem -RRB- . I really ca n't find anything wrong with it . I think that 's a first.For those wondering about the fate of the Nomad Jukebox - the drive went into a miniature Firewire enclosure for my wife 's laptop , and the discarded husk is now a rather aerodynamically-poor frisbee .
 I had been searching for an MP3 player for several months but every one on the market had serious drawbacks in either their enormous size and weight , insignificant capacity and battery life , or painfully slow USB importation of the music into the player . It was almost as if Apple was reading my mind when they finally introduced the iPod . All of my concerns were met with flying colors . The iPod was wonderfully small , had a whopping 5gig capacity -LRB- which I thought I 'd never fill ! -RRB- , incredibly fast MP3 importation via the supplied firewire cable and 12 hour battery life.I quickly filled the 5gig capacity -LRB- my only complaint about the first version -RRB- and decided to buy the 20gig version . Now , I 've got around 1200 songs in the iPod and I 've only scratched the surface of it 's enormous capacity by using 6gigs of the available 20 . Also , Apple has opened their corporate arms to the millions of Windows users by including Windows software with the iPod giving them a lesson in how Apple has developed one of the best interfaces on the planet in the iPod 's wonderfully simple software.So , to my mind it 's a no-brainer . The 20gig iPod is simply the best MP3 player you can buy and it doubles as a 20gig hard drive if you want to move some really huge files from one computer to the next .
 I like everything Apple , but nothing they 've made is as cool as the iPod . I 've got the 20gb version , and right now I 've got about 2400 songs at high quality on there , with about 6 gigabytes to spare . 2400 songs !! I could put it on the random mode and listen to it for almost a WEEK without hearing the same song again . Think about that !! The design of the iPod is great . Putting a laptop hard drive in a portable music player was an ingenious idea . It 's so small and lightweight , yet rugged , and it looks terrific . Sound quality is good -LRB- although I recommend upgrading the earbuds that come with it -RRB- , incredible battery life -LRB- 10 - / + hours -RRB- . Putting new tunes on the iPod is easy -- simply put your songs in iTunes on your Mac , plug in your iPod , and it gets updated automatically . Sending a CD 's worth of songs to your iPod literally takes a few seconds . Leave it connected to your computer and it charges up the battery!I ca n't say enough great things about this MP3 player . After comparing it to other MP3 players , I can definitely say that nothing even comes close . It 's the best .
 I wanted an ipod since the day that they were released . However , I felt that they were a little too pricey and that they would eventually come down in price . Several of my friends bit the bullet and forked out the money . After listening to each and every one of them rave about the thing I figured , what the heck life is short , go out and get one . Well I 've had mine for about two months now and I have to say I wish that I had n't waited . I find myself using it much more than I ever thought that I would . I especially like being able to plug it into any home stereo system and instantly have over 3000 songs at my fingertips . I also picked up a cassette adapter for auto and boom box usage . This is by far one of the best purchases that I have made in a long time . I highly recommend it to anyone . I purchased the Windows 20GB version and after a week initialized it to be a Mac ipod instead . It took about 20 seconds . I was unhappy with the Musicmatch software and since I have and use both computer platforms I decided to make the switch . If you have a choice I recommend using itunes over musicmatch . The software and music transfers are smoother and faster . If you read the few negative reviews about the ipod you will notice that they are all from Windows users and have to do with the software and not the ipod itself . The only downside is that I have already filled the 20 GB 's and need more room . Once again highly recommended .
 The 20GB iPod is truly a wonder of design . It is tiny , lightweight , gets great battery life , and has a fantastic ergonomic design.I use my iPod with both my Macintosh and my Windows machines . If you want to use a Mac iPod with a Windows machine , you need Mac file-reading software -LRB- such as MacDrive or MacOpener -RRB- and a freeware program called EphPod . It is a little slower than using it with a Mac , but allows you to sync MP3s across both your Windows and Macintosh computers.Syncing MP3s is very fast . If you 've ever transferred MP3s to a USB MP3 player , such as the Creative Labs Nomad Jukebox , you know what I mean when I say that doing so is painful . With a Nomad Jukebox , I would set it to sync before I went to bed . With my iPod , I let it sync while I 'm having a quick lunch . It 's so much faster!My primary reason for loving the iPod is that it is so portable . It is smaller and lighter than any other MP3 jukebox available . I always get at least nine hours of battery life out of it , and usually ten or more . I use it when I ride the train to work . It 's perfect for flying across the country or around the world . Ten hours of battery life covers all but the longest of flights.There are two downfalls of the iPod , which prevent me from giving it five stars . The first is a software issue . If you install the most recent version of iTunes , you can not use the iPod to transfer MP3s between two machines . -LRB- This is n't entirely true ; you can do so if you know enough Unix to get around it in your Terminal window . -RRB- As I said , I use my iPod on two different computers all the time , so I find this to be quite annoying.The second problem with this device is its price . The Nomad Jukebox , which also is 20GB , is currently significantly less expensive than the iPod . However , I think that the size , weight , and battery life of the iPod make its increased price worthwhile . If you have a smaller budget and do n't mind some drawbacks -LRB- larger , heavier , significantly lower battery life , slower to transfer -RRB- , consider the Nomad Jukebox instead . If you can afford it , though , I highly recommend the iPod .
 I wanted an iPod from the get go . I waited , really for lack of money than anything else , and it was worth every minute . My sweetie bought me the 20 gig and I have filled it with 5 gigs of songs all the cd 's that I had been loading onto my ibook for the previous year.It is easy to use . It is elegant . The cascading menus work great . Although I thought I wanted the scroll wheel , I like the touch wheel very much.I use the rest of the volume to back up my entire ibook -LRB- 10 gig -RRB- and have room to spare to use as a hard drive.I am very pleased with this purchase
 This was my first mp3 player that I have purchased . I looked at all of the options available and nothing came close to matching the features and the look and feel of this device . I carry my entire CD collection on my iPod and the large storage and long lasting battery has given me the chance to re-discover some of my music . Thank you Apple for a great device.BTW , I am a PC user -LRB- soon to become a Mac user -RRB- . I am using Mac Drive and EphPod to sync my music collection . I have not encountered any problems so far , and because of the firewire connection the transfer times are FAST!If you can afford it look no further than this device to feel your mobile mp3 needs .
 Who would have ever thought an MP3 player could be such a life-changing device ? But , when you can pack 20GB of sound into the palm of your hand , and take it with you anywhere , the possibilities are limitless.I bought my first iPod when the 5GB model came out over a year ago . It kept me company on the four-hour drives -LRB- one-way -RRB- that I frequently had to make for a few weeks . That alone was worth the cost of the iPod , considering the drive was in an area where there are no radio stations.Since then , I have upgraded to the 20GB model , and bought my wife a 10GB iPod . She loves hers , and the independence it gives her to have her music available in the car , while she exercises , in the shower , etc. . My 20GB comes with me everywhere . I work in law enforcement and drive around all day in a service area covering several hundred square miles . I have `` myPod '' -LRB- as our three year-old son calls it -RRB- loaded with not only all my favorite music -LRB- about 3800 songs -RRB- , but also radio programs I like to listen to , downloaded from the internet . I also happen to be a fan of Old Time Radio shows , and have been able to listen to hundreds of old shows while driving around on duty.The iPod has allowed me to enjoy songs I forgot I had , listen to current radio shows that my schedule does n't allow me to hear live , and to enjoy my collection of old radio shows . I honestly ca n't think of a better `` gadget '' to have . It 's not just a gadget , it is a truly revolutionary device.I read a story online of a man who digitized his elderly father 's record collection , loaded it all onto an iPod , and gave it to his dad ... letting his dad once again enjoy the music from hundreds of old records , with no need to shuffle through the LPs , dust them off , put on the phonograph , etc. . Instead , the iPod gave this gentleman the freedom to enjoy all those memories again . Indeed , the iPod is about more than just music . it is about FREEDOM . It is about YOUR LIFE .
 This is amazing . A must have for any traveler . The easy firewire plug for charging is great . I like it better then the funky new charging firewire layout . This is simply standard . The unit itself it pretty tough . I dropped it running and it did n't skip or anything . Amazing battery time and everything . The one thing I do n't like is the way Apple set up their mp3 sharing so that you can only copy music onto it or delete music . You ca n't transfer music back off it . This is probably to keep the record companies happy . iTunes is great . And the unit is great simply to use as a portable Hard Drive as well .
 I bought two of these , and I have to say they are very high quality cases . I bought these cases for my macbook -LRB- 13 Aluminum -RRB- , and my Sony SZ . I have also tried the case on an HP 13 inch and it fits snug . The only problem I have with it , is the corner design element , the part is sewn on so it is not snug on the laptop when you put it in . Either than that ... wonderful product
 You will really enjoy the use of the extra flash . My photos have turned out beautifully .
 The purchase arrived shortly after ordering and was packaged with air bags to prevent damage . The flash performed exactly as advertised and I have no complaint whatsoever .
 I have to admit that the fact that this flash works without even having to touch the camera has a huge `` gee whiz '' factor ... -LRB- Yes , you can even hold it in your hand at arms length for some unique effects -RRB- ! But besides that ... it works great for those dark shots that are more than 12 feet away ... like groups , etc. . If you are tired of having to take flash shots too close due to the low power of your digital cameras built-in flash ... then this will do the trick for you . The handy two-compartment case/bag that comes with it actually fit the two parts well enough to prevent it scratching anything in your pocket or cameras case .
 I take many photographs in a high school gym . My Power Shot A620 takes great pictures but the built in flash just does n't have enough umpff for those longer shots . The -LSB- ASIN : B0007MGFI2 Canon HF-DC1 High Power Flash for Canon Powershot Digital Cameras -RSB- gives me the option of three settings of flash level that are more than enough to give me the shots I was previously missing . I highly reccomend this slave flash to those who own the Canon Power Shot 620 . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This flash is simple to use and works great . It just takes 5 to 10 practice shots to figure out how it impacts your photographs . I just set the flash setting ON and take pictures . The additional light helps interior photographs come out brighter and more balanced .
 Bought this flash at an excellent price direct from Amazon.I use it with my Canon S-3IS and my Canon SD-400 Digital Elf.It works to perfection on both.The service from Amazon was excellent-very speedy delivery .
 I bought this for my Canon SD550 Powershot , which is a great camera but has limited coverage when using the built-in flash . We took group photos of the family this Christmas and they came out so much better , even on the Mid setting . In the past I would have to use the photo software on my PC to adjust the brightness which was n't always satisfactory . The bracket for holding the unit to the camera is very handy . The unit is so small that I can carry it in my pocket ; camera in one pocket , flash in the other . Very pleased with this unit so far .
 Works exactly as advertised . My Canon cam triggers it , and it lights up the picture MUCH brighter than the tiny flash built in to the camera . I was previously frustrated that group photos , where the camera had to be 8 feet or more away , would come out too dark . I bought this thing and it fixed the problem . Its extremely powerful , to the point that some pix end up overexposed . . so I only use it when necessary .
 I bought this to go with my Canon SX110 IS , but because that camera automatically sets the ISO for the flash situation based on its own -LRB- not so little -RRB- flash , this flash add-on always causes overexposure . -LRB- I still need to play with this , and stop the ISO being dynamic -RRB- So I used it with the wife 's A560 , and it is great . Used both in the direct mode for longer distance flash , and slightly angled to provide bounce fill-in for subjects that extend away from the camera -LRB- like a dinner table or a line of people -RRB- Problem I have is that I can not get the manual discharge to operate ; that would be useful to relax people , who then think the picture has been taken and drop from the false `` Cheese '' to a more natural grin of relief.But in the great scheme of things , not a major problem.Glad I bought it ? Yes , definitely . Recommend ? Yes , if you can use a flash in a pseudo-manual mode.More playing to do to make the flash into a useful tool.PS Comes in a neat litle bag that keeps the mount separate from the flash.PPS No idea about battery life ; so far only used for about 30 flashes , so some time still to go .
 This flash does what it shound but do n't expect wonders . It essentially `` brightens '' your flash photo . I am using it with a PowerShot S2 IS.When reading reviews , you might see it said that this is a wireless flash . While true , that 's a bit misleading . The flash works by simply sensing that the primary flash has occurred and then firing as well . This means that you * must * fire the primary flash to have it work.Another thing that you might read is that this flash `` focuses '' . I ca n't imagine what the reviewers mean . This is a simple slave flash . You can set the `` range '' in 3 basic increments but that seems to be it for adjustments . The manual is slim and gives no hint that there is anything sophisticated occurring.A few notes : - The flash is very compact and lightweight . - You can easily hold the flash in your hand to position it for better coverage . - The recharge time is extremely fast with a new battery -- essentially immediate . - It uses a non-rechargable lithium battery . These tend to be pretty expensive . The manual says it will get over 250 flashes on a battery . - This flash * does not * eliminate the shadow that the PowerShot S2 IS wide angle lens creates . It does reduce the shadow.Overall this is a good flash but seems a bit pricey .
 This is an excellent add-on to the Canon series of Powershot cameras , I am using it with an A620 and it produces beautiful pictures . The flash is a `` slave '' in that it triggers when the camera 's built-in flash fires , so there is no cord needed to connect it to the camera . It comes with a fixed bracket but you can also hand-hold it for bounce flash effects very easily . It uses a 123A lithium battery which recharges very quickly -LRB- generally less than 2-3 seconds , about 7 seconds for a maximum-brightness flash -RRB- , Canon claims approximately 250 shots from a new battery . There is an adjustment for low-mid-high intensity but the flash does not , to my knowledge , focus or adjust for subject distance -LRB- the camera auto-exposure does an excellent job of that -RRB- . Finally , there is a `` manual '' mode which only means that you have to press and hold the indicator button to enable the flash to fire , this is to attempt to avoid having the slave trigger on someone else 's flash if you are in a roomful of cameras . The guide number is 18 meters at ISO 100 . I have found that , for example , taking pictures of actors in a high-school play from the audience , about 30 feet away , with relatively dim stage lighting , this flash was more than powerful enough to get excellent face shots , even with the camera moderately zoomed . This is a very useful and high-performance accessory , definitely worthwhile if you do a lot of indoor shooting where you ca n't get close to your subject .
 I tried to save money by buying a Sunpak slave that was triggered -LRB- like the HF-DC1 -RRB- by the camera 's built in flash and was supposed to work with all digital cameras , but it failed to work with my Canon S3 IS . Even though my Canon S3 IS did trigger the Sunpak , it would not fire in sync with the S3 since the S3 's -LRB- other Canon Powershot cameras do the same thing -RRB- flash sent out an imperceptible pre-flash that caused the Sunpak to fire before the real full flash on the S3 fired . ' I called Sunpak and they had no clue what was happening . A call to Canon , however , got me answers and also got me to return the Sunpak and buy the HF-DC1 . In summary , do n't play games and save money just buy the flash that is made to work with this and other Canon Power shot cameras . ` The HF-DC1 is really , really , tiny and light and uses the funky and expensive CR123a battery . Buying a rechargeable CR123a with a charger is also an expensive proposition . What to do if you want to save money on batteries ? Nothing ! Buy the CR123a on the WEB cheap and be thankful that each one will let you take a tremendous amount of flash photos before you need another . This Canon flash is quite efficient in its power usage . The HF-DC1 also comes with a bracket that lets you use the tripod socket on the S3 and other Canon Powershot cameras to mount it on the side of the camera . You can also experiment and hand hold the flash at different angles without the bracket.The HF-DC1 is silver in color and does n't really match the S3 's black body but it still looks OK . The flash has three buttons . The first allows you to set the power of the flash from min to mid to max . You will need to think this through since there are no wires going from the flash to the camera . Thus , the subject distance from you will determine the setting you choose . Figure the HF-DC1 working with the flash on the S3 , for example , will extend the distance from 15 to 30 feet and play with the setting accordingly . The next button allows you to set the flash to fire automatically or manually and is also the power on button . The word `` automatic '' here means nothing more than the flash firing without you touching it as soon as it sees a flash , any flash . For example , if you are in a crowd and everyone is taking flash photos your HF-DC1 will be triggered by the flash of other cameras in this setting . What to do ? Set the flash to manual and hold down the third button on the flash when you are ready to take the shot . This prevents the flash from being fired by another flash until the button is pressed . This is truly a great feature and it did not exist on the Sunpak flash.The HF-DC1 is not cheap , but it seems help make fairly well exposed photos most -LRB- not all -RRB- of the time . These exposures would not be possible with the camera 's built in flash alone . HF-DC1 is extremely small -LRB- smaller than you think ! -RRB- and is truly a featherweight . Since the Canon Powershot cameras in question have no hot shoe , you must buy a slave that is triggered by the flash built into the camera . The HF-DC1 is worth the money and I highly recommend it .
 Amazing little flash gun . Without it , most point & shoot cameras will allow you only 12-13 distance between you and your subject . With this , it 'll go up to 30 feet . You can go even further out if you put the flash gun closer to the subject while you stand back . Can be used as a bounce flash too . Does n't work for fill in flash in bright light , though . Most point and shoot cameras will boost its ISO to lighten the picture . Downside of that is when you blow up the picture , you 'll see lots of grains . Using a flash will reduce the graininess . I would recommend setting your camera on manual to prevent the camera from selecting the ISO by itself.The batteries can cost you around $ 7 , so it is expensive . I bought a bunch for $ 2 online . I took over 400 pictures on one battery and it 's still going strong . I think the instructions said you can get up to 500 pictures on a battery.I was so happy with this flash gun that I ordered a Phoenix D92-BZS Digital Slave Flash . It 's almost half the price with more power . The advantage of the HF-DC1 is its compact size . You can stick it in your pocket very easily . I 'd like to get a Nikon D200 but I hate to go around carrying that heavy camera with a huge flash gun sitting on top of it . I can stick my Canon A640 in one pocket and the HF-DC1 in another . The Phoenix is quite large but more powerful.The HF-DC1 will work with most Canons and it even runs on my Minolta . . so I guess it 'll run on many different brands . It senses the multiple flashes the camera puts out and then fires on the second flash . Some cameras fire on the first or third . So caution here . The Phoenix has a selectable flash for 1st , 2nd or 3rd flash . I would guess that it 'll run on almost all digital point & shoot cameras . But it 's big . Ca n't stick it in your pocket.Your camera has its mind and the HF-DC1 has its mind too , so sometimes they battle each other . So set your camera on manual and take an experimental shot . Make necessary adjustments and then fire away . I found that I could extend the range a bit by covering , with my finger , the sensor hole that the HF-DC1 uses to determine how bright a flash to give.All of this may sound a bit complicated but without the flash , you will end up with too dark pictures . At my son 's wedding , my relatives and I took lots of digital pictures but all the shots over 12 ' were dark . With the HF-DC1 , I went to our club banquet and took 250 shots using the HF-DC1 and I was able to get good pictures out to 40 + feet . I did not set the camera to manual so some pictures came out too bright and some came out too grainy . But I was happy with 95 % of the pictures . With digital cameras , take a lot of pictures and throw the bad ones away . Without an external flashgun , you 'll throw a lot more away . Precious ones too .
 The unit performs exceptionally well . It truly lights up subjects that are 20 to 25 feet away , well beyond the range of the flash built into the camera . It is also suitable for hand holding a foot or more from the camera and fires with the built-in camera flash so as to avoid the `` flat lighting '' normally expected with on camera flash pictures . I have no serious complaints . My only negative is that the so-called `` manual flash '' does not work as I expected it to . The instructions could be a bit better on this point . Overall performance I would rate a 5 out of 5 .
 I had problems with the built in flash in my canon Ixus 40 when taking pics in the dark . . so i decided to try the HF-DC1 power flash and the result is way better . . You can place the flash anywhere in the room and take a perfect picture . . or simply attach it with the camera . . Great product . . recommended .
 The problem with built-in flash is not only that it can be weak , but that it 's right in line with the lens . This gives , at best , flat lighting and , at worst , bad red-eye . This unit solves both problems.I was jazzed to receive mine today . It 's very small and light , and seems to work as advertised . I put the unit in several different positions and it always fired . It 's so great to get off-camera flash on a P&S ; ! It worked , that is , until I tried it with the G7 's flash output set to manual . Wo n't work.Turns out the optical slave does n't react to the flash , but to the pre-flash . That might not matter to most people , but I 'm bummed because I had seen use for this mixed in with studio flashes , perhaps on location , as a way to add an extra pop of light to hard-to-reach places . Oh , well ... All in all , this is a very cool little item . I 'm not going to use the bracket , because I see a great advantage in being able to move the flash off-camera . Do that and your flash pictures will never look the same . And that 's a good thing ... : - -RRB-
 The Canon HF-DC1 is a great addition to the line of accessories I have for my Canon Powershot A610 . The built in flash in my camera has n't really been a big issue since my photography needs are n't too demanding . However , with the 58mm lenses I recently purchased blocking a huge portion of the flash , I decided to get the HF-DC1 . It totally solved my lighting issues and it offers me a lot more shot flexibility . As the term `` slave '' flash indicates , you can place the HF-DC1 any where around a 30 ft. radius of your subject and let your camera 's on-board flash trigger it to help minimize ghosting and shadowing on you pictures . The aesthetic of the flash is a typical Canon and compliments the Powershot line of digital cameras very well . It is small enough to put in your pocket and easily attaches to your camera with the supplied bracket . You can also hold it for better lighting placement and effect . As you can see in the pictures I uploaded , the controls on the back are very straight forward and easy to use . I use Manual mode almost exclusively as it gives me total control of the flash while Min and Mid flash intensity produce ample lighting for my needs.Overall , although the price of the HF-DC1 is a bit higher compared to non-OEM flashes , I have no regrets from buying it with all things considered .
 This product was everything I was told it would be . It was shipped when I was told it would be and it showed up at my door when I was told it would be here . I am very happy with this flash unit .
 I found this product to be very effective . Previously , the flash on my Canon PowerShot S200 was n't effective in low light , but with the extra boost from the HF-DC1 High Power Flash I am able to get pictures that I could n't before .
 I bought this because my old cannon camera 's flash is not as bright as it once was because the lens is yellowing . This little unit is great ! You can fasten it to the camera or not and it 's electric eye picks up the camera flash and follows with it 's own in a split second . You can even place the little unit ahead of the camera or near it and it works the same way . It 's a flash booster that really does the trick . One down note the battery it uses is an odd size and on the expensive side to replace .
 Canon remote light activated flash unit works perfectly to spread out the light for any flash shot . Can be placed anywhere it can sense the original flash from the camera and automatically fills in the light .
 I bought this flash for a canon S95 camera . Works as advertised though one needs to check pictures for overexposure . Is small , easy to carry and extends the flash range of the camera . Works with other cameras too since it senses the pre-flash for firing . The mounting bracket is useful but holding it away from the camera provides better lighting control
 A good slave flash for small canon digital cameras , gives you a lot more range for indoor pictures . You need to play with it a little to see which setting is best for your camera .
 As is usual with any Canon product , this unit functions as intended and greatly extends the range of my A570 flash . I take a lot of indoor pictures of family gatherings and usually try to get a number of people in most shots . This requires photos from a distance and the flash on my camera was not quite up to the task . By using the HF-DC1 flash attachment , I now get crisp clear photos without shadows even up to 20 feet away.I would highly recommend this flash attachment to anyone who 's flash is n't quite strong enough to get the pictures they want .
 The flash has added much clearer pictures and lets you take a picture where you could not make one before . To me it adds a lot of value to the camera without buy another camera .
 greatly improved the flash range -LRB- and , unfortunately , the bulk -RRB- of the SD400 . a required add-on for that camera if shooting indoors .
 This add-on flash is a great accessory . There are five Canon compact digital cameras in my family and this flash will work with any of them . The small flash in the camera is usually good for 6 ' - 10 ' but this little powerhouse attaches quickly , has no wires , and gives you good flash out to 30 ' and beyond . It has wide angle coverage to match the 28mm wide angle lenses on my Canon SD870 and SD880 . I have used it for group photos of my high school class at Homecoming , wide angle shots of groups dining in rather dark restaurants , college graduation ceremonies , and pets at long distances . Most other camera makers do n't even have an accessory like this . You also feel very smart and smug when others are snapping away with their digital cameras and their little flashes are going off and you KNOW their shots are going to be dark and underexposed when they view them and no software enhancing can take the place of a well lit original that you are getting . Been there , done that . Consider this an investment to help you get those precious group shots that everyone will want a copy of from you .
 Purchased this to supplement built-in flash on my Canon SD400 and am very happy with it . Have so far taken perfectly exposed shots to 25 ft and am sure the range is even greater . Set it up on a tripod for multiple self timer shots and it recycled quickly enough . It 's very compact , batteries are readily available , and I would buy it again in a heartbeat .
 If you own one of the fantastic , compact Canon digital cameras than this is a must have.I bought a new Canon SD880IS for Christmas and the built in flash only has a usable range of about 10-13 feet . This is very typical of compact digital cameras . This is due to the small size of the cameras and small batteries . It is all a compromise . For most shooting this is not a problem as you can usually shoot without flash or are within range . However many times you need more flash range when shooting in large rooms , museums , concerts , and public places . The HF-DC1 solves this problem by giving you more range - up to 30 feet . This flash works with many Canon models , check the Canon Website or your camera owners manual for complete details.It is a must have for Canon digital camera owners . Highly recommended !
 I have a Canon SD850 I use for work . I take a variety of indoor and outdoor pictures . The SD850 's flash does lack somewhat after the 10-ft mark , but the HF-DC1 fills in very well to 20-ft or so . 25-30 ft is pushing it , but keep in mind that this unit is small -LRB- a bit larger than a miniDV tape case -RRB- , so it does perform well for it 's size.I 've had some off-sync flashes and non-fires , but not enough to take away any points/stars . In AUTO mode , the HF-DC1 looks for the Canon 's pre-flash and then fires in sync with camera 's flash -LRB- NOT instead of -RRB- , so it wo n't be saving your camera 's battery life in typical flash photography , unless you can manually lower your camera 's built-in flash intensity .
 Very nice add-on for any digital camera . You have to understand how it was intended to be used and use it properly , a SLAVE FLASH . If you do , it works great within its range . Basically , your own camera 's flash is good for between 5 ' to say 12 ' , 15 ' . So from my own little bit of experience , I 'd say the 3 settings on this slave flash extend it between -LRB- min . = 15 ' to 25 ' -RRB- , -LRB- med . = 25 ' to 35 ' -RRB- and -LRB- max . = 35 ' to about 45 ' -RRB- and actually a little beyond . You actualy can provide too much flash if you do n't watch out !!! Buy it , you wo n't regret it .
 I have used the Canon HF-DC1 High Power Flash several times under different lighting conditions and various subject distances . The unit does work well to improve the flash range of my SD550 . The instructions were not that great . They tell you how to work and adjust the unit power level , but like every thing else in photo picture taking experience counts . Before you use this unit for a serious photo shoot take a few dozen trial shot to get use to it 's capibility . I found that after using the flash for some distant shoots you have to remember to turn it off again when getting closer to a subject otherwise you get over exposures . As far as redeye goes I did not notice much changes . The unit is a slave and is activated by the cameras built in flash . Since the cameras built in flash is still close to the lense the incidents of redeye looked about the same to me .
 The Cannon HF-DC1 is an excellent assistant to the digital camera flash . I was the photographer a a friends wedding and all of the pictures came out perfect . The added power of the HF-DC1 illuminated the reception hall perfectly , not over or under exposed . I recommend this product very much .
 I am using this flash with a Canon SD870 IS , which has a very weak built-in flash . It is incredibly light weight and comes in a nice bag , which is important given that I bought the camera to keep in my purse . The three flash levels come in very handy , although I 've had to retake photos that were too light or two dark because I set the wrong level . Practice will resolve most of that . It 's wonderful to be able to hold the flash in my hand and direct it where I want the added light . The only downside is increased red-eye , but the SD870 is weak in that department to begin with , so it 's likely more a function of the camera than the slave flash .
 Wonderfully small flash with good power . The item can also be used as a separate ` slave ' flash . This flash is triggered by the flash-built-in-your-camera , so no additional wires are required . The provided bracket seems to be well made and sturdy . The mini size means it can be transported in a smallish pocket .
 Canon HF-DC1 High Power Flash for Canon Powershot Digital CamerasAuxilary Flash for Canon A650is Digital Camera ; comact and operated by a single battery . For taking intermediate distance flash including group photos and for use with telephoto and wide angle lenses whose sizes interfere with the standard flash . Includes a mounting bracket that places the flash side by side with the camera or it can be hand held and operated manually . Has a postive `` off '' position to avoid accidental discharge and three flash settings to conserve battery power . Durable draw string storage bag with pocket for bracket to prevent scratching .
 Provides the needed extra power for the flash when the camera is used to take photos at longer distances from the subject . Flash does not electronically attach to the camera , but is powered by the cameras flash . Would work with any other camera .
 Works pretty good ; kind of overpriced though but that 's where they get you , the accessories because you have no choice and no real competetion ; and I 'm not one to buy aftermarket junk !!
 Canon makes a great little flash . It makes indoor pics come out very good . Well made .
 I NEEDED AN EXTRA FLASH TO USE IN DARK ROOMS . THIS FLASH HELPS TO MAKE THE IMAGES BRIGHTER ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE CLOSE TO THE SUBJECTS . YET , YOU CAN NOT DO LONG DISTANT PHOTOS WITH THE FLASH . I AM PLEASED WITH THE FLASH FOR WHAT I NEEDED IT FOR .
 It is truly a HIGH-POWER flash unit . It is uniquely compact and utilizes a special technology which eliminates the need for an electrical connection between the flash unit and the camera . It automatically senses the output of the built-in camera and that sensing activates the HF-DC1 unit . I am thrilled with it .
 I expected the flash to work whenever it is turned on and a photo is taken . It works only when the built in flash flashes .
 WILL IMPROVE PICTURES WHERE THE BUILT IN FAILS . LIKE AMERICAN EXPRESS , BETTER NOT LEAVE HOME WITHOUT IT ! . I ATTACHED MINE PERMANENTLY , SUGGEST YOU DO THE SAME . IT IS THERE WHEN YOU NEED IT ! KEEP A SPARE BATTERY , YOU NEVER KNOW , LIKE A PACEMAKER BATTERY , YOU SNOOZE-YOU LOOSE !
 Being an old-time fan of bounce flashing , this allows you to do that with almost any digicam . I 've used it with a Canon S3 and A620 with excellent results . I can lower the main flash output and use it to trigger the external . It 's really versatile in the hand-held mode , allowing me to position it where I want at most any angle . When used mounted with the full-strength onboard flash , it can be truly blinding to those on the other side.The only `` con '' is the use of an odd-sized lithium battery . Even AA lithium would have been much more economical .
 This flash is so easy to use and does what I wanted - adds enough power when in large rooms/halls . So glad I bought it . One small negative - as it 's wireless , it will fire if others are using Canon cameras with the wireless facility !
 I love my Canon camera , but the flash has not been strong enough to give me great photos when the subjects were more than 6 feet away in a dimly lit room . This little flash has completely eliminated that problem for me . It 's amazing how much it has improved my photos ! The price is very reasonable for the value it brings - no more underexposed photos!Only negative - I need to buy a new -LRB- larger -RRB- camera bag that will hold both my camera and the external flash for when I travel .
 I had been having issues with underexposure until I bought the Canon HF-DC1 High Power Flash . It was a good investment because it has added a touch of professionalism to my photography.Except for the high price , I would recommend it to anyone who has a Canon Powershot Digital camera.I did not rate it 5 stars because I beleive it is unnecessarily overpriced .
 I have a Canon SD1000 , great little camera that I carry all the time , but flash throw is short . The HF-DC1 works well , especially when the subject is a large group of people . I also tried it with my 20D -LRB- curious to know -RRB- and it works . Highly recommended .
 Great addition to my Canon PowerShot A540 . This flash provides enough light to thoroughly light up virtually any typical photo you might take . On ` high ' setting , allows upwards of 20ft . of light . Necessary addition to support the inferior built-in flash of the camera .
 I received this item two days before our trip to Greece . It is the perfect companion to my Cannon SD600 camera . Both are small and fit easily into a pants or shirt pocket . I used it numerous times in churches and museums where flash was allowed . It did a great job . There 's no need to use the mounting bracket unless using a tripod . Just hold it next to the flash side of the camera and it will fire when the camera flash fires . I also helped several of my travelling companions by holding it next to their Canon cameras so they could get a well-lit photo .
 What a difference this flash has made in my inside house photos . As a realtor , the house photos are so very important as the first step to finding a buyer for a home since 87 % start their search on the internet and will only view homes with photos , so they better be good !!!
 I have found the Canon High Power Flash to be extremely useful when extra light is needed to fill out the darker edges of a shot . It was a recommended additon for my newly purhcased Powershot S3 IS . After using it several times , I can understand why .
 The only downside of this attachment is that you have to cazrry it separately , or attach it to the camera . That would be unwieldy . The built-in flash on my Canon PowerShot SD1000 is adequate for close-ups but I will have to get used to having to carry the external flash for those shots outside the range of the built-in flash . I think I am going to adjust to it .
 I am very satisfied with this product . It enables me to get good pictures at a much further distance . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I like the look and it is great for taking far away pictures that are in a dark environment .
 The Canon HF-DC1 is a must for any Canon camera owner . On-camera flash is n't powerful enough to photograph large areas inside -LRB- like weddings and parties -RRB- . This unit extends your flash range to over 20 feet and lights up those images normally left in the shadows with a normal on-camera flash . This slave flash has worked flawlessly since receiving it . It is simple to use and has improved every picture taken using it .
 I really like this flash . I do n't always need it but when the light is low or I 'm taking a picture of something 20 feet away it 's really nice .
 Very easy to use and very compact . I have a Canon S5 and works great as an additional flash to it . I have the option of mounting a speedlite flash on my camera and opted not to because of the price and also the size . The price for this is very reasonable and you do n't need a hotshoe mount for it . It works with any camera that is got a flash.Only -LRB- very minor -RRB- disappointment is that it is a gray color and does n't blend in with my black camera.Other than this , this is a great product .
 $ 100 ... maybe a little steep , but worth every penny to get some memorable shots of your child in a lead role of her last high school musical . I have done it in the years pass without an remote flash with the pictures turning out dark and blurry . Using it my S2IS set on TV , I set the shutter speed at about 1/60 with the ISO at100 , I was able to stand in the 3rd row seats which put me about 40 ' -50 ' from center of stage . After seeing the results I wish I would of bought this flash couple years ago . And do keep couple of the CR123A batteries on hand .
 I am using the Canon HF-DC1 High Power flash with my Power shot S2 1S . For its small size , the Canon HF-DC1 High Power flash really enhances the built-in flash power I need for taking pictures in a large room or anywhere you are far away from . I like the feature of having the adjustable flash for minimum , mid , and maximum ranges . Turn it off or use it on minimum when using it for portraits since it may lighten too much the subjects ' faces . On the whole , I would highly recommend this flash . Although removable , I intend to keep it mounted on the camera since I may need it at any time .
 This little device is really a great solution for extending the range of the original flash.I would recommend it .
 This unit is really good for addition light when making digital images . The bracket is slightly short to correctly fit my Canon Powershot SX100 , but if I angle it a bit , it still works . The shipment was prompt and accurate .
 I took a chance and purchased this 100 ' audio cable , for it 's size I though I would get a little signal loss , the signal from the source and the signal at the end of the cable was about the same nothing to worry about .
 Easy to install . Works as advertised . Excellent color instructions included . I placed the instructions -LRB- which are printed in color on quality paper -RRB- on the inside of the panel box for future reference . Excellent benchmark speeds with each connection . I highly recommend this unit .
 When we moved into our new house the structured wiring box was a total `` rat nest '' of wires . Using this I was able to bring order to an otherwise messy situation . It works well , installation is a snap , and I recommend it ! Works well with the telephone hub ,
 Nice product , easy to install , good clean connections . Much better than trying to splice wires together !
 Structured wiring products from OpenHouse/ChannelPlus -LRB- now Linear LLC -RRB- are overall probably the best there is , and I 've tried many brands . However , note that the punchdowns are T568A -LRB- ` residential ' -RRB- rather than the much more common T568B -LRB- ` commercial ' -RRB- . As long as you are aware of it when you go to terminate the other end it 's not a problem .
 When I try to use this dvd media for my Sony dvdcam , the `` SONY media recommended '' always showing up . It seem SONY always suggest to use their product even for media . So far it is OK for capturing my kids activities by my SONY dvdcam . The result is OK .
 My old SMC network adapter card would not allow me to connect to my new improved secure network even though it 's supposed to work at 802.11 -LRB- g -RRB- . I decided to take a chance on this one . At this price , it was certainly worth trying ! I was pleasantly surprised , the setup page is much improved over the old one . It correctly acquired and displayed my network parameters . -LRB- Using the old card on my previous network , they had to be entered by hand in the appropriate spaces . -RRB- All I had to do was enter my password and I was instantly connected to my secure network ! This adapter is as fast and as transparent as the built-in equipment in other computers in the network .
 I just received my laptop case yesterday . I have had several laptop cases and the handles have all broken . This laptop case is more durable than the others . All of my folders and notebooks fit as well as my laptop . It 's very professional and I already love it . I would definitely recommend this to a friend or colleague .
 I bought this online a couple of days back and was pretty pleased with its looks . It is a pretty decent quality leather bag for your every day use . I found the pockets fairly well laid out and easily accessible ... The only con I found was the first zippers are many but too small - might find it difficult to put in-take out ... else a decent bag for the price . If you need a bigger bag , go and get the Samsonite Black Leather Portfolio ... bigger and bulkier but very good
 Highly recommend this product and the vendor . Product arrived on time and is of great quality . I use it to carry papers and my computer at work . Highly recommend this vendor .
 Leather is classy , multi pockets very usefull . Well designed.Leather a little stiff at first but loosens up with a little use . The price makes this a winner over any case at Office Depot , Best Buy , or other venues .
 This is a terrific product . It is well made ; very durable . Briefcases with internal pockets can be a pain in the neck for accessing items . The external pockets are a wonderful convenience and add to the nice look of the item . Those pockets are fairly rigid , which is a good consideration for durability as they wo n't stretch and sag , keeping the case nice looking . I 've received many comments with this bag . Prior to purchasing it , I contemplated a $ 400 bag . What a waste that would have been . I am completely happy with it , and highly recommend it to you !!
 I pondered over getting a Prada or Gucci then came across this product . At about 1/15 of the price , I 'm quite satisfied and it serves my purpose , which is carrying bulky multiple-keys and conveniently slipping in my cell phone , with my laptop , and also I can slip in my coffee container on the right pocket which fits perfectly , and also a couple of thin office files . I am not a fan of made in china product , and I was somewhat pleasantly surprised to see it was not made in china . Anyway I am overall very satisfied with the product , and it does n't look cheap so you will not be embarrassed to carry this around to any place . Only reason I 'm not giving it 5 stars is because it does not have any inside zippered pockets inside . Most people would be ok with it but I wish I could put something inside like my check books and SD card etc. , that would n't fall out of the pocket .
 Very nice bag . Quick shipping . It has plenty of compartments to store your stuff in and is very well made . I think I will like this product .
 I was replacing the same unit -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- , with this new one . The first one may have have been damaged by an electrical storm . The device allows me to distribute the Sony jukebox signal throughout the house . Great product .
 The Open House line of networking/telephony products is an excellent entry level line if you 're looking to network/wire your own home.I 've been consistently using them since 2001 and have had little to no problem with the entire line.Per the other reviewers comments about power surges , I 've never had that issue with any of the 3 -LRB- 1 HHR and 2 BID 's -RRB- I own . I 've also only used them in new construction where the grounding of the electrical system is adequate.Note , if you have a box from your cable company that requires two-way communication back to them -LRB- eg ... Pay Per View , On-Demand -RRB- then you must have the H838BID and not the H838HHR . The BID model is bi-directional which means the cable box can talk back to the cable company computers.If you are looking for just the cable splitter aspect then the HHR model is fine , and works well for DirectTV or Dish where the communication is one-way only . That being said you can find 8-way cable splitters much cheaper than these around the net.The OpenHouse products also perform signal amplification which is why they cost more than your standard splitter . You can also inject a second video feed -LRB- eg . Security Camera -RRB- into your cable lines using Open Houses channel injector . This will allow you to view your security cameras on Channel 1.All-in-All I have n't found another integrated system that comes in near the $ value for what you get from the Open House products .
 Exactly what was ordered and quick shipping . Lightning can affect these hubs , so make sure you invest in a good surge protector . We 've learned the hard way
 This ipod accessory is probably the best one I 've bought so far , especially considering that it only cost about $ 10 . It was really simple to use , just `` plug and play . '' The most complicated thing you have to do , is switch the iPod TV feature to `` ON '' how simple is that !!! If you want to view your videos from your iPod on your TV screen accept no substitute . I used these while I was deployed to South West Asia and they worked like a charm .
 Great cord , gets the job done . YES ! your ipod can play on your TV with this simple cord . With all of the programs out there to rip videos off of youtube , hulu , and other sites , and then a program to convert to iPod format , you can hold all of your TV shows , DVDs , and other things on your iPod and then watch them on your TV for FREE ! Or you can pay iTunes for content in which case this little cord still comes in quite handy .
 I 've given this product five stars ; the cons listed below are not the fault of the AV cable , but rather iPod/iTunes limitations.Pros :1 . Cheap -- why spend your money on Apple 's overpriced iPod video setup when all you need is a simple cable .2 . Standard RCA output connectors should will work on older and newer television sets .3 . Very easy to set up -- just make sure you enable video output -LRB- and optionally , widescreen output -RRB- from the Video Settings section of your iPodCons :1 . iPod Video quality is only slightly better than what you 'd expect to see from an antenna signal . That being said , it 's definitely2 . I recently purchased the television series , House M.D. from iTunes . Using a 30GB 5th Gen. iPod , I can expect to watch only two shows before the battery diess .3 . I attempted to connect it to a third-party USB power adapter . When playing content through the cable with it plugged in , the picture becomes very grainy -- to the point where it is unbearable to watch . An OEM Apple charger may not present this issue .4 . Perhaps it is just an illusion , but when the camera pans in a video , there appears to be somewhat of a fish-eye effect on the screen from time to time . Again , I doubt it is related to the cable.In my opinion , for the price , the pros strongly out-weigh the cons . If you 're real serious about watching/listening to your iTunes downloads , you may wish to consider purchasing AppleTV instead -- otherwise this is a great solution .
 It is a great product , but it only work with the Ipod Video , it wo n`t work with my new Ipod Classic
 You just plug the jack into your iPod and the pins into the Analog Video slots on the TV , and in the video/sideshow settings go to video out and choose either on or ask . Use video out when sending videos/photos to the TV and it show up perfectly . Great item .
 The AV cable came quickly . The design of the cables are easy to use , just tell the iPod you are going to use the TV .
 Plugged into Ipod and guess what ! Audio and video came out the other end ! A little spendy but what can ya do ?
 I had absolutely no problems with this modem . All modems are sensitive to line noise and I found this to be no different . I had a clean line and got 44kbps true speed . It is easy to set up and the support site and 3com is superb .
 Here finally is a camera that rivals film photography . It is easy to use as a `` point and shoot '' model as well as being able to use manual settings for the advanced photographer.I have printed pictures up to 8 '' x 10 '' which rival film enlargments.I admire the ease of printing directly from the camera to an Epson printer without use of a pc . The results are awesome . I highly recommend this camera to anyone seriously interested in high resolution megapixil photography .
 I purchased my PhotoPC 800 last fall , before leaving for Argentina on a one month business trip . I wanted a digital camera that was small -LRB- fit in my pocket -RRB- , provided 2 megapixel resolution , and was under $ 600 . The 800 was the right choice and I am very happy with it.Colors are bright and detail is very sharp . I have printed 8x10 pictures on my Epson Color 800 printer , framed them , hang them in my office and people can not believe what they see ! The results are outstanding.The camera is simple to use in automatic mode , but allows changes to fullfill the most demanding user -LRB- lens opening , shutter speed , b/w mode , spot metering , etc -RRB- . A quick shot mode allows about 1 picture a second . The camera even has a microphone to add up to 10 seconds of sound to a picture!The one suggestion I have is to buy a bigger compact flash card . The provided 8Mb card only stores 20 photos in 1600x1200 compressed JPEG format . I purchased a Viking 64Mb card and can store almost 250 at the same resolution , a little over 100 in low compression and 90 + pictures in high-res interpolated mode -LRB- 1984 x 1488 pixels -RRB- . I have heard some people complain about battery life . The 800 comes with 4 rechargeable NiMH batteries and charger but only uses 2 , so you can always carry a charged set with you . One Sunday I shot nearly 250 pictures on one set of batteries , even using the LCD on a few occasions to check the how a picture came out.The camera comes with all the cables you need , and though the USB conx is fast , I prefer using the PCMCIA adapter that came with my mem card . The software provided with the camera -LRB- Image Expert -RRB- detects when I insert the memory card in the laptop and flawlessly copies the pictures from the card to the local hard drive . VERY FAST!If you can live without a zoom , and you want something very small , but with superb digital quality , I strongly recommend you look at the Epson PhotoPC 800 digital camera !
 Overall a good buy for someone looking for a compact , rugged camera with lots of options.I compared it against the Canon S10 , and for the price , could n't turn it down.PROS and CONS of the PC800 : - Very light , and easy to carry . - All kinds of connectivity , USB , serial , mouse type port . Software is simple , loads easily , get started in minutes . Picture quality in OUTSTANDING in Fine to Hy Pict mode . Just as good as the S10 . However , I 've found the Standard mode -LRB- 640x480 -RRB- quality to be not so great . Honestly , not much better than the Sony Mavica FD-83 in 640x480 . I compress Fine 1600x1200 -LRB- usually 240KB -RRB- pics into 640x480 for small but very high quality pics . IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR SHARP 640X480 , THIS IS NOT THE CAMERA TO HAVE . Otherwise , picture quality is amazing . Buttons are small , but easy to use after awhile and I found the menus to be easier to use than reported by others . For the advanced photographer , lots of features to customize pics . For the average lame-brain like me , it 's a great point and shoot camera . Auto mode does everything pretty good . BUY EXTRA RECHARGEABLE BATTERIES AND AC ADAPTER . IT COMES WITH THE RECHARGER . CHARGE BATTS 3 TIMES BEFORE USE . Keep in mind the camera only uses 2 AA 's at a time , so extra batts go a long way . Dont waste your money on off the shelf AA 's , if you use the LCD it will eat em ' up in no time . The AC Adapter keeps you from burning up batteries while learning to use it or downloading many pics of the camera . Also , try and use the view finder instead of the LCD , as others have said , it really chews up the power . Lastly , buy a 48 or 64MB flash card . 8MB it comes with is way to small . Use it for backup .
 This camera is easy to use , very compact , and comes with everything you need to get started . It would be nice to have an AC adapter -LRB- available for extra $ -RRB- , and it would be nice to have an optical zoom -LRB- available in different models -RRB- . It comes with every cable you could want , 4 rechargeable batteries and the recharger -LRB- uses 2 at a time -RRB- . It uses the batteries efficiently as long as you do n't use the LCD screen too much ...
 It is hard to write a review for something so simple , but I will state what I like about it . It protects my screen from the keys touching . It keeps the screen clean and it fits nice and neatly when closed in my MacBook Pro . I also like that when I have it open and I am using my bluetooth keyboard , it is protecting the keys and keeping dust out of the keyboard area.I guess I did alright .
 I have had MacBooks since the G4 12 '' version . With every one of them I have been worried about getting the keyboard stamped over the screen . These are portable machines so they get lunged around . Not always with the greatest care . Up to this point -LRB- my fourth MacBookPro 15 '' -RRB- I have been relying on the small foam sheet included with the computer . No more . I saw this ScreenSavrz and decided I needed to try one of these solutions . Why ? Well , the foam sheet is prone to be broken , teared , deformed or lost.The RafTech ScreenSavrz is reasonably price -LRB- IMHO -RRB- and seems like a good alternative.I have found it very light but thick enough to protect the screen from the keyboard . It is also comfortably soft . I think there are different colors but black is good enough . I guess if you are afraid of losing it , you might to go for a more obvious color.So far , a week of so of use , I am very satisfied with it !
 Works very good ! I love it . Close it in the laptop and you have it ready at anytime . This works as well or better than the apple microfiber , but is bigger !
 It served its uses until I lost it . Was hoping for a future version where you can somehow attach it to your computer so that you wo n't forget it when packing up etc. .
 The screensavr cover is n't really fancy , you will probably underwhelmed when you open it . It 's a thin cover that fits over the keyboard and touchpad and will protect your screen . Pretty hard to screw that up.Overall
 Fits my 15 '' macbook pro perfectly . Soft material that cleans well while protecting my screen . My macbook closes just fine with the cloth in between . I ordered a black and so far it does not look dirty even though I constantly wipe my screen . It came in the mail folded up but after a couple of days of sitting in between my screen and keyboard it is now straight . Great product and worth the investment !
 This is an expensive piece of material , but it is perfectly suited to do the job it was meant to do - protect your notebook screen from absorbing oils off of the keypad . It appears to be of excellent quality and I see no reason why it should not last a very very long time . It fits my Apple MacBook Pro 15 '' laptop perfectly and I can rest a bit easier knowing my screen is protected.I recently had my screen replaced because it was coming loose -LRB- unrelated reason -RRB- and the old screen had already been marked up a bit from `` keyboard offset '' . I had no intention of letting that happen to the new screen , and this little product does the trick.It is very hard to find this material anywhere , so I popped for the $ 16 or so to buy this product and am very happy with it .
 I have had cloths from shaggymac all these years and wanted to try out the RadTech . I also always preferred the gray cloths for some reason . But with the new black bezels on all of apple 's displays I decided to get a black cloth this time . It 's hard to drool over a cleaning cloth really . So all I would say is the Radtech is much thicker and stiffer than the shaggyMac cloths but the fit is slightly more perfect that the shaggyMac ones I have used . The stiffness would probably help in the long run to minimize imprints from the keyboard on to the lcd glass . But I am happy with this purchase .
 I feel better having the keyboard on my super expensive computer safely covered when I 'm not using it , and this is the perfect cover . It also easily cleans the screen . The quality of this cloth is amazing , and never EVER looks dirty . Go with the black !
 I purchased one of these to replace the thin foam insert that came with my 15 '' Macbook Pro -LRB- late 2009 model -RRB- ; it does the job quite nicely and is a perfect fit .
 This item seems to be a solid product . I have been using it for just 15 days , but no marks or scratchs at all have appear on my MacBook display . Still looks like new .
 I purchased this for my new HP Envy laptop , since my previous machine got quite a few scratches on the screen due to friction with the keyboard.It works perfectly and it is much more practical than installing a screen protector . Plus you can use it to wipe the screen / keyboard when needed.Only minor complaint
 This RadTech ScreenSavrz is a great item to preserve your screen when closing your Macbook Pro . It is soft and gentle and can also be used to clean your screen . If your fussy like me ... . you do n't want those dirty little finger prints or dust on that Retina display . Protects when closed ... as well as an excellent cleaning cloth for your macbook pro screen . Worth the money if you want to keep that screen like new .
 I 've gone from constantly cleaning my screen to hardly even touching it since I started using this . The dust and other particles that would stick to the screen have decreased considerably . Would recommend this product to anyone who 's tired of having to constantly clean their screen .
 I 'm a big fan of SMC products and this one is no exception . For a little bit more money than their competitors they give you a more solid , more capable product . In this case , it is support for jumbo frames that sets them apart . Jumbo frames are longer-than-normal data packets that really cut down on overhead and are really needed to take full advantage of Gigabit Ethernet . SMC supports them , but as far as I know Linksys , D-Link , Netgear , etc. do not.In any case , this was easy plug-and-play on my Windows 2000 machine , and now it is happily serving files over the network almost as fast as it serves files on the local machine . Highly recommended .
 Before I bought this particular router I gave a fair consideration to equivalent products from other manufacturers . My objectives were as follows
 I bought this router in August 2004 and I felt really protected for one year . I got this feeling because of the evidence from the router 's log -LRB- the logging feature is great ; not all routers have it -RRB- . The log showed lots of rejection of unsollicited connections . This logged information me to verify on my own what many articles have stated over the last 2 years
 I have an older SMC router which was really great , and had great support , for several years . Then it `` became inactive '' and now they will do nothing for me . So , the `` limited lifetime warranty '' is for the lifetime of the product , which was less than 3 years in my case.Here is the qoute from the web site : The Limited Lifetime warranty covers a product during the Life of that Product , which is defined as the period of time during which the product is an ` Active ' SMC product . A product is considered to be ` Active ' while it is listed on the current SMC price list . As new technologies emerge , older technologies become obsolete and SMC will , at its discretion , replace an older product in its product line with one that incorporates these newer technologies . At that point , the obsolete product is discontinued and is no longer an ` Active ' SMC product .
 I bought this router after purchasing not one , but two Linksys routers . Had this baby up and running in minutes with 3 computers with all different operating systems and it works like a charm and it is so small it will fit anywhere . Do yourself a favor and buy this one from the start . Lifetime warranty and 24/7 customer service if you ever need it .
 Love this router like I love my other smc routers.They are always easy to setup . They are always compatable with everything else on your network.I own a Computer Business and do networking . I have never had a problem networking with a SMC router.The web-based administration page for their routers are always easy to understand.I would recommend this router to anyone .
 I got this router afte I had read both the good and bad reviews . It seemed to have more positives and be easier to set up than others I was looking at.It was certainly easy . As promised , 3-click installation . It got my second computer , which was n't configured for internet connection at all , on the net in next to no time.I 'm glad I read about the firewall defaulting to `` Off '' . Although I do have a software firewall , I figure more protection is a good thing . I too got confused over the directions . But once I got to the website , I relized I only needed to get to advanced configuration , set the firewall , save the setting and I was done.After re-booting , the connection is as reliable and fast as ever . I have no need for parental controls or blocking websites , so maybe that is what has caused some of the complaints.For me , it was easy , quick and painless .
 I installed one of these for a client using Optimum Online Cable and I was amazed at how easy it was to install . Just follow the wizard and select the Cable Modem -LRB- or DHCP if you have n't upgraded the firmware -RRB- option and you are on the Internet . This is a low-priced SOHO router , but it does have some nice options that you wo n't find in some more expensive routers like integrated Stateful Packet Inspection -LRB- SPI -RRB- , time zone settings , and a lifetime warranty -LRB- Most dsl/cable routers are limited to three years -RRB- . This router has been running for nearly two months without any problems . I would definitely buy another and recommend it to others . You ca n't beat the quality and features for the price .
 I did n't know anything about routers , and I saw this one when searching for a way to get my son 's computer hooked up along with mine to use the DSL . It works great .
 This router works perfectly . Installation was seamless and since I installed it I have had no problems . I networked two computers together and had no problems with things like sharing printers or the two computers recognizing each other . The installation instructions are very complete and precise . I could n't be happier with this router .
 This is my 2nd Barricade . The first was not as easy to setup . This one was incredibly simple and it performs well . A real value . I recommend it to all of my friends .
 I bought this router at a local store , mainly because they did n't carry the D-Link I was looking for.Turns out to be a great piece of work ! My small network consists of a Win98SE machine , and a brand new WinXP Pro machine . I 've had very little experience with networking , but this was very easy to get up and running.James : -RRB-
 Item received as listed , and package was shipped quickly . Had no problem hooking router up - instructions were clear and understandable . Router works good .
 I settled on this router after researching various brands , and decided that it was a good value , considering that it contains many features normally found only in more expensive units . However , after upgrading to the then-latest firmware , I discovered that the router would constantly reboot itself about every five to ten minutes , causing a total network shutdown for about 30 seconds during this time . I called Tech Support for help on this issue , and they initially blamed the problem on my Motorola Surfboard 4200 Cable Modem , claiming that a `` NAT feature '' contained within the modem was causing the problem , and I needed to contact my ISP to deactivate this feature . I contacted my ISP -LRB- Adelphia -RRB- and they told me that the NAT feature was not supported by my modem . I called Tech Support again and supplied this information to them , and they had me reset the router to the factory default settings and reload the firmware . This corrected the problem , then a series of tests after a newer firmware was released a month later revealed that the rebooting issue was being caused by the Universal Plug-and-Play -LRB- UPnP -RRB- feature interacting with Windows XP . I called Tech Support to supply this information to them , and they seemed to be completely caught off-guard . I later sent an e-mail to them asking if there were any plans for a newer firmware to correct this problem so that I could use the UPnP feature . Their response instructed me to turn off the firewall . I wrote back and told them that that was the most asinine solution I have ever heard , since it would leave me vulnerable to hacker attacks , and that I would simply not use the UPnP feature.Other than the UPnP bug and the apparently lackluster Tech Support , this router provides superb firewall protection and network speed . I have tested the firewall from a friend 's computer - it is air-tight , and even includes a `` Discard Incoming Ping '' feature , which will make your network completely invisible on the Internet when enabled .
 This router is a champ . I have not had one second of problems with it since I hooked it up . It does exactly what I want it to do -- serve as a router/firewall between my computers and the cable modem . It will even e-mail security reports to you , if you want it to . It is amazing to see how many computers are trying to break in every minute . I went with this router because I did n't really need wireless and did not want the extra security hassles that can bring .
 I hooked it all up and ran the quickstart software it came with and it worked the first time.i hav n't had a problem yet so i ca n't comment on their custommer service . it has a great set of features for a small price . filtering options to keep your kids of bad sites , firewall and mutch more .
 The functioning of this small item has been flawless . I quickly became confused trying to set it up and called customer support . They answered on the second or third ring . It was a guy in a small town in India . He was very patient and talked me through a number of steps . Finally , after asking what number appeared on my screen , I told him and he said , `` It 's working '' and hung up . It has worked perfectly ever since .
 I was a little worried about how well this router would work given that it is on the older side , but I was extremely pleased with this . I needed a wired router for my new Roku box to run to my DSL line and this was simple and easy . After a very long process with Roku to get the right one , buying cables I DID N'T need and NOT buying the cables and router I DID need , this was awesome . It took 5 minutes to get it out of the box hook it up and have everything running smoothly .
 Took a little while to load but once done works great . Great price and so far so good . Thanks for the good router . A
 Our old CPU died on us so I got a new one but I was able to fix our old one so now we had 2 computers and a ps3 so I decided to buy a router and hook all 3 up to our broadband.Looked around amazon and decided on this one based on price and reviews.I have to say I am very happy so far , hooked it up and it worked right out of the box , I had a slight problem with my 2nd cpu and had to hook it up afterwards I just manually set it up and bingo internet was live and working.So I have 2 CPU 's 1 ps3 and also have a Vonage Modem working off the router all at the same time and all working smoothly.In the past we had a problem with our Vonage modem trying to reset our comcast cable modem andthey would both go down then its a royal pain in the behind , so far this has stopped that.For the price and how well it works I gave it 5 stars .
 This was easy to set up and works great . I did n't even have to call our geek ! If I can do it , anyone can !
 I brought this router for World of Warcraft . I 'm a tank and disconnecting is disastrous for the team/raid . The original Belkin router really let me down and it kicks me off like once every hour.This SMC router 's performance is excellent and I has never been kicked since I then .
 Had gotten several years of service from an smc 8-port router in the past . With this one , so far so good . Fabulous value at ~ $ 13 .
 I REALLY did n't want to spend over $ 50 to get a 4-port router to share my cable modem connection -LRB- Charter -RRB- across several network devices , and was thrilled when I ran across this one for less than $ 20 . I was a little worried , though , that when it arrived I 'd find there were problems to warrant the low price . I was pleasantly surprised when it fired right up without any configuration needed . Just for the heck of it , I ran the install software anyway to look over the features and to see if there were any firmware updates . From what I can tell , either this has the latest firmware or SMC has discontinued support for this model . If the latter is true , perhaps that 's why the price is so low . Thing is , as long as the firmware functions , that 's fine for my purposes . I was pretty happy with the available settings to deal with PPTP/NAT/Firewall issues , but honestly did n't need to make any adjustments to be able to run World of Warcraft , Netflix or a Cisco VPN client -LRB- I log in remotely to work . -RRB- Still , nice to know I can itemize ports/addresses to allow/block , and can configure just about anything I need to for static and dynamic addressing . I did notice about a 10 % decrease in throughput performance -LRB- as compared to a straight connect from my PC to my cable modem -RRB- , but that 's reasonable for a VERY low-end and inexpensive switch/router . All-in-all , it was $ 20 well spent .
 This is a very serviceable router . It did , however , leave a bit to be desired when trying to forward ports with it . Perhaps it was user error or something , but I could never seem to figure out how to forward the ports properly for World of Warcraft . I now have a wireless router that I forwarded the ports on perfectly , so who knows ?
 About to buy a second for my neighbor 's Christmas gift . I am an IT security geek . I spent a day hardening -LRB- improving -RRB- the settings on her new Dell . My reaction to the set up instructions were , `` That 's all ? '' . I have only had to re-boot the modem and router a couple of times in the last year -LRB- and its easy
 The basic 1 , 2 , 3 setup is very easy to do . At first , my connection failed and the CD prompted me to start over , which I did , but I also restarted the computer and everything setup fine after the restart.The price was right but I have not tried tech support yet . I have not tried any of the firewall and advance configurations , but for simple wired connections for several computers , it works great . You can always use your security program -LRB- Norton , McAfee , BIT Defender etc. -RRB- for firewall protection .
 Great router did all I wanted and more . Works well with minimal set up . I would reccommend this router to anyone .
 Love it ! Replaced a Linksys router that was sporadically dropping connection to my cable modem , and the setup was quick and completely painless . Could not be happier with the results either
 I have installed one of these and recommended that someone with less experience than me install one . I also installed a similar ISDN LAN modem . The installation is a breeze . And it works without a hitch.Any of the four computers trying to access the Internet causes the modem to dial in to the ISP . If the modem is already dialed in , the connection is instantaneous for a user accessing the Internet . One of the four computers has a program to manage the LAN and to test the ISP.One has to set up the network in the usual fashion , which is quite easy , if a little laborious.So you can share files among computers on the LAN as well as all computers on the LAN sharing a modem . One can hook a hub in as one computer to increase the number of computers on the LAN , but that would be stretching the modem.Of course , if all four computers are on the Internet at the same time , the access will be slow for each one of them .
 I use the 3C886a device for dial in access . It was initially intended to share a network connection via dial out , but with the latest flash code ipu720.exe it allows for dial in use . I connect the 3com device to a separate NIC interface on the Unix Server and setup a static IP on the interface that is relative to the LAN modem 's IP . This provides a 56K PPP dial up connection which allows me to connect ` multi-session ' to my Unix servers and use ftp to transfer files etc. . I also do n't have to fumble with getting a 56K modem to work in the many Unix variants I need to support -LRB- no drivers needed -RRB- . I have found this solution to be a great benefit in supporting my Unix customers remotely . I am disappointed in 3Com for discontinuing this product and hope I will be able to find it on the 3rd party market like here .
 The 3Com LAN Modem with the 7.1 firmware supports dial-in access to a home or office LAN . You say dial-up is dead ? Here is why the LAN modem is so useful : - I can remotely and securely monitor a Webcam or other device attached to the LAN modem - At my main home , I shut off cable -LRB- $ 70 + / mo -RRB- and just call home to access the LAN modem . - No worries about hackers on the Internet fooling with my camera . - Also useful at our vacation home for dial out as well as dial-in , since there is no high-speed Internet there.Too bad 3Com stopped making this . Aside from a slightly kludgey user Interface , it works great . Do n't use the setup wizard -- be sure that all settings , particularly IP addresses , are what you want .
 I have had problems in the past with low cost RAm crashing my PC . This sped up my PC and have had not one problem with my system since installing . Took about 2 minutes to install !
 Very great product , no defects , no damage , clean , easy to install , works perfect . very quick and useful .
 It 's memory . For an old Mac G5 . It works . It 's not totally awesome or anything like that . It just works . Have I hit 20 words yet ?
 Item arrived in `` like new condition '' . PC recognized the memory in a flash.Computer runs like a champ . I ordered one more stick -LRB- 1gb -RRB- fromthis seller immeidately after receiving this one.FASH SHIPPINGWill buy again from this seller
 Receiving the memory and installing it made all the difference for my system . I look forward to more upgrades in the future . The transaction went smoothly and the shipping and receiving was excellent .
 Bought my second DIMM for an ASUS Spresso system . The first one was exactly the same . Both worked with no problems whatsoever from the installation and they have given me very good performance . Recommended .
 This ram made my pc faster and the heat is way much cooler than the other rams i had , never had a problem with it .
 Installed this product on an older Dell computer and it runs great . I have had absolutely NO performance issues with this memory at all and even if it is n't the fastest memory out there , it made a huge difference on this computer and is very reliable . Excellent price on it as well . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I stuck a few of these into an older system to `` spruce '' it up . Did a great job . Just remember the memory limitations of 32 versus 64 bit systems . Make sure the RAM is running at the correct speed by double-checking the settings in your BIOS .
 Worked great but be sure to review your computer information to make sure it it the right model . We had to order two of these to conform with the computer requirements .
 Producto de excelente calidad y funcionamiento . El producto lleg&oacute; en la fecha esperada y de acuerdo a lo solicitado , se recomienda para negociaciones .
 I purchased this 1GB memory stick for my older eMachines T6532 computer . It was easy to install and works flawlessly .
 bought this ram to upgrade an old computer . windows 7 upgrade advisor said i needed two gigs of memory to install and i only had one . increased performance a bit at the same time arrived before the time given and in perfect condition . would recommend to anyone using ddr memory
 If you are looking to upgrade your RAM , you will not regret going with this chip . I installed a pair of these memory chips in an older PC several months ago and they have functioned perfectly ever since . Why pay as much as twice the price for the same performance ?
 Easy to install and is of good quality . Worked well with my older PC with a notable increase in speed .
 Product was good , works great , and no issues . Only objection was the ad did not specify time and it took over a week to arrive when I needed it right away .
 I bought this memory to max out the memory capacity on my 10 year old Compaq Presario . Easy installation and works great ! Corsair makes a great product ! My computer is now working faster than ever !
 Fits the machine . Works . No timing issues . What more could you ask for ?
 Product received was sealed in new packaging and matched what was shown and ordered . Shipping and handling was prompt too ! Very satisfied.Dan - Office Manager
 the corsair memory vs1gb400c3 1 gb pc-3200 saved my desktop its a great product will buy from the company again .
 Corsair is know for their quality . I needed a couple of Gigs to stuff in my wife 's desktop running XP and the Corsair Value fit the bill !
 Just installed it on my 5 year old Dell PC after reformatting it and right away noticed a difference ! Boots a lot faster and I can work with different applications without any problem . Should 've bought it a long time ago !
 I give this product the highest rating on all counts . Easy to install on my HP DX 5150 . The computer already had 1GB of RAM consisting of two 512K boards . I added two 1GB Boards and my computer is sizzling . No more lockups , quick start-up , and can run many programs at once . Best of all , I did for $ 65 .
 Very cheap for about $ 30 and free shipping for a 1gb ram stick , that 's a good deal . The other day I went to Bestbuy to check out their prices , and its nearly $ 55 for a 1gb stick and I knew immediately that online it 's cheaper . The Corsair 1gb ram stick quickly boosted my computer , booting sequence became faster , faster download time and so on . 5 stars definite . Shipping had it come on time , no problem . Thank you Amazon for this product .
 I purchased this because my computer was running slow and had run out of memory . The price was excellent , it was easy to install , and my computer runs like it did when new . I looked at memory at other stores and this type of memory , since it is an older computer , was difficult to find and two to three times the price I paid . Delivery was extremely fast and it works great . I highly recommend this product .
 Corsair has some of the best value and quality for CPU memory.You can never go wrong buying memory from them.I 've been restoring older CPU systems with their products for 100 % reliability and value ,
 I bought this memory to replace a bad module in a client 's computer . It worked with no issues.Obviously it is n't the best memory you can buy , but it serves its purpose for the job I needed it for .
 Corsair is good about compatibility . No exception here . This is a good price on Amazon since the old memory is getting rare and prices are going up fast !
 This memory was just what my old mobo needed.Installed easily and immediately gave my older computer a real pick me up . Hopefully I can get another 9 years out of this old computer .
 I needed this exact memory part to meet the timing requirement of a motherboard intolerant of `` average quality '' parts . It sits next to the same stick I bought years back . Thank you Amazon marketplace
 Finally sprung for more memory for my aging computer . There are lots of choices for memory out there , so I decided on Corsair for their famous name and reliability at a very competitive price . Besides , I like that cool ship logo . The Amazon folks whisked it onto the front porch in record time . I set aside about 20 minutes to install the new chips -- 2 minutes for installation , the rest for cleaning cobwebs from the guts of the machine.Installed like a breeze , and I noticed much snappier performance from the first boot . Overall , a painless and invisible way to give a struggling computer a new lease on life . No matter what the question , the answer almost always ` more memory ' , and I would recommend Corsair among the best .
 I bought this module recently to upgrade an old Dell Dimension 2400 , and so far it has been working wonderfully . I 've only ever used Corsair Memory and have not had any problems with them in the three or so years I 've been using their RAM .
 I really have to say that this is an excellent product . Of course , there are more options when we talk about RAM 's , but this one is really a good RAM for normal use . I 've installed them on differents PC 's , even in a 333 Mhz PC , and always worked fine.Also I have to add that delivery proccess by Amazon was really good and on time . I 'm very happy with the deal I made .
 I have built many computers and have tried other brands of memory . I have always beenvery satisfied with Corsair Memory . It 's fast , reliable , and just install and run.I know there are other products out there equivalent or better , but I would recommendCorsair very highly .
 No complaints about this memory . Installed easy and everything worked out of the box . This purchase performed as expected .
 If this amazon item is 3COM part 3C905CX-TX-NM , then this is the BEST NIC for SOHO / small-medium business.Amazon.com needs to list the manufacture 's part number on items such as this to avoid time consuming - and costly returns .
 I 'll have to hand it to this company , they know how to take an order and ship it out . I think it only took 2 days until my order arrived .
 Not a bad unit for the price . I 've seen better units that cost more , and worse units that cost the same . Overall decent value
 If you wish to use filters or add-on lenses for the Canon G7 , you MUST have this accessory . No , this does not mean I really recommend it - it means you must have it . All the lenses and filters attach to this converter , and without it none of the optical accessories for the G7 can be used . Once you do get it , you have the option of buying a whole variety of filters that have a 58mm diameter - a fantastic option if you wish to use polarized or UV filters with your Canon G7 . If you want to have the ability to quickly switch between lenses or filters , get more than one of these , as it is easier to attach and detach this adapter from the camera than it is to screw on and off the filters or lenses to this adapter .
 ok , but made of plastic . lensmate makes a better version out of aluminium , which is actually available . When fitted with a good uv filter and left on the camera it looks great , makes the camera better balanced , protects the lens mechanism , and also works as a great lens hood .
 This adapter allows you to install accesory lenses , filters -LRB- 58 mm -RRB- , such as a polarizing filter , as well as serves as a lens hood , and helps protect lens from bumps or rain -LRB- at least to some extnet -RRB- . It mounts quickly , after removing a ring protecting the bayonet mount on the camera .
 I found the lens useful and images were very clear . The images are much better then using digital zoom . It takes a bit of time to mount the lens and you must use the digital display to compose the picture . Image stabilization is a must and the eyepiece is useless but I knew this before I bought the item . I am happy with the lens and would buy it again .
 You need this item for the G7 and G9 if you intend to use filters , a lens-hood , or converter -LRB- tele or wide-angle -RRB- . It does its job .
 Canon LA-DC58H Conversion Lens Adapter for Canon G7 & G9 Digital Camerasbe carful when you open the box and are as happy to have this little adapter gadget as i was ; however there are no instructions as to how to mount this item then is saw a button and pressed it , the adapter was in , i attached the wounderful wide angle lens and started taking pic . the lens weighs more than the camer so i decided to remove it until i needed it again . the lens adapter would not come off when i pressed the button!long story short , the adapter is being cut buy a camera surgen at a cost of 50.00 ! there is a white dot on the adapter that must be lined up with the silver button inorder to set the adapter , if this is not done correctly , you will have the same problem so now i am purchasing a new adapter and my cost of ownership of this wounderful caamer has gone up buy another $ 100.00
 I frequently read reviews -LRB- when they are available -RRB- before purchasing larger items . So , let me help out those interested in the Canon LA-DC58H Conversion Lens and Adapter . I found it simple to install , easy to use and a lot of fun to use . Reviews written about how difficult it was to install obviously never looked at the camera 's manuel . In less than a minute I had the Adapter attached , the Lens mounted and the necessary setting to the camera made -- oh , and I was taking photo 's immediately .
 This allows you to put a filter on the G9 and provides a slightly more traditional and positive grip for the photographer . Nice .
 I bought this product mainly to protect my lens with an UV Filter . Turned out to be very useful , and very easy to install . Does n't come with any instruction , and would say you donot need it . Although the viewfinder gets obstructed by the use of this conversion lens adapter , but pictures will be unaffected . Delivery by amazon was good but the super saver shipping takes quite a bit of time .
 Well made . Easy to use . It allowed me to connect a 52 to 62mm step down adapter and a Nikon ES-1 52mm slide copying adapter and digitize my slides . The downside is that all pieces add up to make a long adapter that means that my 3000 x 4000 pixel photos are now 2800 x 1800 images with the difference made up by a black border . I can do one ever 10 seconds and then another 10 to 30 seconds to crop away the black border and perhaps straighten or enhance the photo .
 While this accessory is kind of expensive for what it is , -LRB- just a simple piece of plastic -RRB- , it is necessary for use with the optional Canon converter lenses . As a stand alone accessory , it acts as a lens hood for the built-in G7/G9 lens , and also allows you to attach 58mm lens filters . I do recommend it , but I only gave it a rating of `` 4 stars '' because it is overpriced .
 Fits very well to my Canon Powershot G9 adding more versatility with the 58 mm accesories filters , close-up lenses and tele / wide converters . You might go cheaper for the lenses but the extension / adapter tube -LRB- Canon OEM -RRB- makes the difference in terms of quality . Fast shiping and meets the requirements .
 Item is exactly as described , brand new in box never been used . Arrived quickly and on time . I would definitely buy from this seller again !
 Easy to use adapter , small , light weight , portable . Recommended if you need to buy one for your camera . Does it 's job great .
 I knew that I needed this , but $ 25 -LRB- or even $ 15 -RRB- is way too much for a piece of plastic . There is nothing to this at all . The price needs to be reduced significantly and Canon should be shamed for taking advantage of their customers . If I met the person at Canon who priced this thing I know where I 'd shove it !
 It was a good purchase , Im happy with the item . Im happy about the time of arrival . I am happy with the people who sold it to me . Bob
 I got one of these to attach to each lens . Makes for quick transfer of lenses in the field .
 NOTICE TO ALL POTENTIAL BUYERS ! This conversion lens adapter DOES NOT WORK WITH CANON A650 ! It may be a fabulous adapter for the right camera , but not for this one . The only lens adapter you need for the Canon PowerShot A650 is the LA-DC58J . It will work for both the correct Tele-converter and Wide Converter lenses for this camera , which are the following
 A necessary product for Canon Tele Converter lens ... the material is plastic rather than metal it works fine be careful not to `` cross thread `` the lens and do n't tighten it to much a light snug fit will work.I never remove it ... makes a fine lens hood .
 Does exactly what it 's supposed to do , as you can imagine . I really like the fact that it protects the lens when powered on . Be aware that it will block some of the built-in flash .
 Required with G9 telephoto lens . Others have commented on plastic vs metal adapters . I opted for plastic because I 'd rather have the camera as the strong component vs lens in case of accident .
 After reading all the reviews before buying , I bought anyway . So far so good but is very fragile . Filters fit perfectly and fits on camera as promised .
 Be sure that you ca n't remove the installed lens holder before installing the heavy telephoto converter lens . This adapter does not lock firmly in place with a resounding , reassuring click . You put it on , note that the release button is still depressed , work it around until the release is in the popped out locked position , double check that the adapter is locked firmly and only then entrust the heavy lens to it . Lens itself seems top quality .
 After reading all of the negative reviews I could n't believe canon would sell a product without instructions . I reviewed the manual and THERE ARE instructions on who to use the conversion lens adapter , the optional lenses and even the external flash !
 This product is very good and I would choose high-impact plastic -LRB- which it is -RRB- over any metal material . The plastic is light and tough and will not wear away the vital surfaces on the camera ; mine is a G9 , or the accessories . The fact is you may want one of these for each of your accesories so that you can leave it attached always , 3 individual adapters would be enough ... wide lens , tele lens and a 58mm polarizer . The end used for the accessory is a screw-on with fine threads , so having each accessory already attached is a major short-cut . The other end is a modified bayonet and goes on and off pretty quick.I do believe Canon should include `` cheap '' end caps for the camera -LRB- bayonet -RRB- end so that the attached adapter is sealed . The end cap that comes with the lens is too big . And for the price of this adapter it should include the cap .
 Product works well ... good read/write speeds . I like the fact that cap is connected so you ca n't lose it . Never got the vista ready boost to work but did n't really buy it for that . Needed the 4GB storage more .
 This seems like a nice , small , solid mount , but I can not use it for my 32 '' Visio VO320E . Omnimount says this mount is for up to 32 '' TVs that are less than 40 lbs . However , my Visio VO320E has VESA holes that are in a square pattern 200mm x 200mm . This mount has an improved mounting plate that does not look like the picture -- it is shaped like a rectangle , not like an `` X '' . The mounting plate supports several different VESA hole configurations including 75x75 , 100x100 , and 200x100 -LRB- that 's 200mm wide by 100mm high . But it does n't support 200x200 , so be sure to measure the back of your TV first ! Oh , and the installation manual is pretty crazy - each page has a picture followed by the instructions in 26 languages . Yes , 26 , really .
 Simple , easy and sturdy . I install flatscreens for a living . I love this wall mount for mourning a TV in a corner .
 This is a beautiful wall mount from Omni . Not only does it help the backend of your TV look good with it 's styling and internal wire management , but it works flawlessly . There are no knobs to tighten to keep your flatscreen TV in place . It uses physics , the balancing of forces which allows you to effortlessly position your TV and then holds the position without further tightening . Now that I am upgrading from a 26 '' to a larger 40 '' , I plan on keeping this mount and just purchasing a VESA adaptor to fit . It will easily hold the weightCheers !
 I purchased this item to mount a television on my boat . The item is very sturdy , and easy to install . In the item description , on the product website , it states that the television can be easily dismounted from the mount . To be honest , I was expecting a lever or some sort of tab to depress and release the television ... not the case , unless I read the directions wrong . I believe you have to use an allen wrench included to dismount the TV . It certainly is not the end of the world , so I am still rating this item high because of the quality of the product.I do recommend measuring the VESA mount -LRB- the holes on the back -RRB- on your television , and then download the PDF installation guide on line from the OmniMount website . The mount measurements are in the there , and were a perfect match , however the OmniMount website suggested that this mount was not compatible with my TV . Not because of weight , but because of the VESA mount . I took a chance and ordered it , because I needed the compact size . It fit , no problem .
 We have had no complaints about this TV mount . It was easy to install and has done it 's job . The TV is solidly held and easy to move .
 I purchased this mount for a 22 '' Samsung HDTV/Monitor that I installed in my kitchen . As my TV is technically listed by Samsung as a monitor instead of a television , none of the mount manufacturers listed a compatible mount for it . But since its specifications listed VESA 75 mounting holes on the rear , I went with the 4N1-SB as a likely match , as it features both VESA 75 and 100 mounting holes.The mount fit my TV perfectly and installation was a breeze , intuitive enough that I only had to glance at the instructions for reference . This is in sharp contrast to another Omnimount model that I purchased for a large plasma 3 years ago . That experience was so bad that I swore at the time I would never buy another Omnimount product . But this mount was the perfect size and promised just the mobility I needed , and Omnimounts are built like tanks , so I decided to give them another try . I 'm glad I did.Bottom line
 This seems to be a well built and sturdy product . The problem I had was that my Sharp TV electrical connection was in the way and even with their included 1/2 / '' supports , I could not plug into the electrical connection on the back of the TV . Luckily with the help of a hacksaw , I cut out an area for the plug and it works fine.I put this in the kitchen and it 's nice to get it off the counter .
 This mount is quick and easy to assemble . Just remember to tighten the two screws -LRB- if they are loose , as mine were -RRB- before you snap the two pieces together . It 's just a bit tricky to unsnap them afterwards , but doable.I found the mount to be very sturdy and well constructed . It fits the Nuvi 350 even better than it seemed in the pictures . I very much like having the Nuvi down below my radio , as I finally feel like I can sometimes risk leaving it in the mount . On the windshield just seemed like an invitation to steal it.Now the downside
 Look VERY carefully at the picture for this product . Note 3 things :1 -RRB- The louvers are horizontal2 -RRB- The louvers are FIXED -LRB- do not adjust up or down -RRB- 3 -RRB- The position of the louvers in relationship to the driver.Let 's look at these three areas more closely ... 1 -RRB- There are two support posts on the back of the mount which will go over and attach to the top horizontal louver ... so the louver MUST be horizontal .2 -RRB- If the louvers are NOT fixed -LRB- up or down -RRB- , the weight of the Garmin unit will cause the mount along with your Garmin to hang flacidly downward in a position where you ca n't see the screen -LRB- it will face the floor -RRB- .3 -RRB- The mounting bracket swivels left and right ... but not up or down . Therefore , if the position of your vents are too high or too low in relationship to the driver , you might be disappointed in your ability to see the screen clearly in different light conditions.However ... If you meet all the above criteria , this IS the unit for YOU ! I loved mine ... I just wish someone had told me about the `` fixed '' , non-adjustable -LRB- up or down -RRB- louver requirement ... Of importance to note
 I could n't find a good mounting position for my nuvi 360 in my 2006 Toyota Sienna . The windshield mount option placed the unit too far in front of me to allow for access of the touch screen and I did n't want to put any permanent mounting disc on the dashboard . The installation for the vent was easy and I did n't need to read the instructions . The product seems to be very sturdy with reinforced ABS where the bolts are located . It was a custom fit for my nuvi unit and there is even a small tab that prevents the powercord from coming loose . There is also a slight tilt on the mount to allow for easier viewing of the screen when driving . The mount also has a nice swivel feature to allow the front passenger to access the unit and an internal spring connector which helps cushion road bumps . An excellent product .
 I am new to the world of GPS and the Garmin 360 has been a wonderful tool so far . Did not like the windshield mount that came with the unit ; so I decided to buy and try this one instead . What a great idea ! Easy to install and expect to use this mount for years . Another plus for me is that the vent we selected for the mount is the one my wife always closes ; so now that vent serves a useful purpose . This mount is worth the cost . Note , I installed it in the center vent of the passenger side in a 2004 Honda Accord and encountered no problems at all .
 This works great . I definitely recommend . I use it in my Toyota Siena .
 This is the best mount option available in the market today for atleast Garmin Nuvi 360 ... I have installed this in my toyota corolla 2009 ... It is just a foot away from the driving position ... I can operate my GPS easily and without any risks ... The only issue I found is to remove the mount from the vent ... But again ... we do n't do it often ... 4 cheers for this product ...
 I got this modem working with ubuntu after using gnome ppp.Problem is that you have to unplug then replug the phone line to get it to dial .
 This little gadget is perfect for using my ipod while i ride my bike . It gives me the chance to change tracks and adjust volume so I dont have to interrupt my ride . I do wish it was a bit more sturdy as I have easily broken one before but at this price I dont feel bad about replacement
 This thing gets great reception , we live in a rural area and have a hard time getting any radio stations . This thing does great , gets all the stations that come in in our area . It is also very easy to use .
 The Griffin iFM is the ideal FM tuner for Ipods , especially the black colored ones . It has good FM reception and good sound quality , the built-in 6 presets and 3 bands -LRB- Japan , USA , Europe -RRB- are very useful for international travelers . It is almost perfect if not for the 2 small gripes , the small equalizer button is very hard to push and the earphone plug dongle gets easily tangled with the other wire , which should be built-in in the first place . Other than those , the iFM is a good tuner and has the bonus feature as a wired remote controller .
 I wanted this so that I could tune into the TV stations at the gym . Reception is great and I can easily flip from listening to the iPod and listening to the radio/TV . Extra hanging cords are annoying , but other than that I am pleased with the iFM .
 Amazing product ! The radio reception is very clear , and the design is good . Two thumbs up ! It was about time someone put this kind of tool on the market !
 This is easy to use with my older ipod nano and works great -- I 'm so glad to have NPR with me when I 'm away from the radio ! Also bonus
 I picked up this little tool for my daughter as a birthday present . She L O V E S it ! Now she can go for her daily jogs and tap into her favorite local stations as well as her iPod library . Right on the price , right on the quality and right on the ease of use .
 Great product for price . Just wish it was more sturdy , since I listen to it while working out , then throw it in a gym bag . Works great !
 This little gem works great with my Ipod Nano 1st Gen which I purchased refurbished . Great value for the price , since now I have the option of listening to the radio or controlling the Ipod remotely .
 If you want to listen to your favorite radio station on your iPod , this is an accessory you need to have . Listen to your favorite morning show while at the gym , then easily switch to your iPod playlist during commercials . Sounds great , small enough to clip to your shirt pocket , and turns your iPod into an FM radio . I love mine.Griffin iFM -LRB- Dock Connector -RRB- / FM Radio and Wired Remote Control for iPodGreat price and ships extremely fast too !
 Griffin iFM vs. Apple Radio RemoteiFM Pros : + + arrangement of buttons makes operation by touch a cinch + -LRB- cosmetic -RRB- available in black -LRB- only -RRB- iFM Cons : - Lowest volume setting is still a little too loud for certain circumstances/environments - clip is somewhat flimsyRadio Remote Pros : + + iPod integration is great + volume can be adjusted in much finer detail compared to iFM -LRB- 64 vs. 16 levels -RRB- + clip appears more sturdy and usable + includes a set of Apple earbuds which a shorter cordRadio Remote Cons : - arrangement of buttons makes operation by touch not as convenient as iFM - -LRB- cosmetic -RRB- available in white -LRB- only -RRB- Both seem about equal as far as FM radio performance is concerned.While the Apple Radio Remote seems like the better of the two , I use the iFM -LRB- with the shorter Apple earbuds -RRB- when skiing because the button layout is much easier to use on the slopes while wearing gloves .
 I love my iPod , and what 's more I love iTunes -LRB- especially since I have gotten a broadband connection . -RRB- One of the things I like doing in my apartment on Saturday mornings is listening to my music , but often , I alternate this with public radio from my iTunes -LRB- by way of a streamed URL feed . -RRB- So , when I go out , I wander around town with my iPod , but I chose to get rid of my other portable FM radio a while ago when it broke , and have n't replaced it since.Until now . I picked up the iFM by Griffin Technologies to test and review for as part of the local Apple User Group , and I was immediately taken with the device.This is a great iPod accessory . To use it , you need any iPod with a dock connector -LRB- such as the mini , the nano , the video or the older generation iPod with a dock connector . -RRB- I use the device with my mini iPod.The connector snaps into place and a cable connects you from iPod to the iFM remote . Then instead of connecting your earbuds -LRB- or other earphones -RRB- to the top of your iPod in the usual place , plug into the remotes connector . The audio quality is indistinguishable . And with a flip of a button , you can chose between the iPod 's selection and whatever 's on you local FM radio.And I found the reception to be pretty good -LRB- better than compared to the radio in my car anyway . -RRB- I suspect this is due to the remotes cable connection between the iPod and itself , acting as an antenna.However , for me , this cable was the only detractor of the iFM . And I believe this is just because it was hard for me to get used to having it around -LRB- I almost zipped the cord into my jacket a couple of times while using it walking around town . -RRB- Otherwise , I liked the variety -LRB- and freedom -RRB- of being able to chose to listen to either my music on the iPod and that found on local FM.The iFM has another advertised feature that I 've yet to test -- the remote has a microphone built-in . Unfortunately , my iPod is a mini , and it does n't have the recording capability of the current models of the nano and the video iPods.However , I found this a non-issue ; since I 'm not recording with my iPod , I do n't miss the feature .
 I received the iFM 2 months ago , and while the tuner is excellent - regularly pulling in stations I could n't always get with other portable radios - the build quality has left something to be desired.First of all , the belt clip is made of a cheap plastic and snapped off easily when the cord snagged on something as I walked along . It did n't pull that hard , but it was enough . A metal part in place of the plastic one would have easily withstood the strain without complaint , and if not , could have been bent back into place . It would n't have snapped.Second , I accidentally dropped it from waist height , and the whole unit fell apart . The parts snap together during assembly at the factory , so I was able to snap the housing back together , fortunately . However , it was disconcerting that it should be so prone to break or fall apart from these relatively light knocks or bumps . I emailed Griffin 's customer service center , and unfortunately , they do not have replacement belt clips . * Sigh *
 Pros : Good FM receptiongood remote functionalityvalue for moneyCons : build qaulity seems to be fragile , it still intact for me.Eqaulizer button is too small to be usable.both ipod dock connector and head phone jack come from the bottom , it would have been better if headphone jack comes out of the top
 I have n't purchased this item yet , but buyers should be aware that the black version does not offer recording capabilities . If you go to the griffin technologies website , the black iFM is listed under iFM Dock -LRB- the other major difference being that this version uses the dock connector instead of the extended headphone port -RRB- . iFM Dock is a `` Radio and Remote for Ipod . '' So despite the product description on amazon , there is no recorder on this version.That being said , I plan to give this gadget a shot so that I can listen to the radio while at the gym . I 'm hoping this version wo n't have the problems with the casing that some reviewers have cited , but only time will tell.PS
 I bought this despite what some reviewers mentioned . First and foremost it 's a small plastic electronic for $ 10.00 . No can compare it to the iPod for craftsmanship and expect it to withstand the same abuse . Small plastic things are going to break if not treated as such . I have taken into account for this and careful where I attach it to me whether it be my shirt pocket or pants pocket . When doing something I remember that I have this on me and carefully watch what I am doing so it does n't get caught and break . The controls ... They 're not too small . I am 6 foot 1 inch tall and a big guy with big hands . I have no issues what so ever controlling the radio or the remote . This little gem has worked above and beyond my expectations , worth the $ 10 I spent for it .
 Well , it 's a remote , with added fm features . Overall , I like Griffin products , they have been good with their ipod accessory line , I own a couple of them , they all seem to be ok in my standards . This little remote is no exception . Griffin just made another similar item for the ipod nano and it has won the Mac world best product award . I guess when the new product comes out nobody cares about your not even one year old ipod mini/4G anymore . Or maybe it 's because Steve Job changed the design of the newer generation of ipod so you have to get the right to use dock connector before you can make anything for it . Regardless , this remote is a new product , but it 's already old . Back to the review from my mindless thought . It does what it says , switch to FM , remote or record voice . Quality seem to be ok . Now the negative part :1
 This accessory allows me to listen to fm radio on my ipod nano . For some reason , listening to the local NPR station -LRB- KQED -RRB- makes using cardio equipment at the gym much more pleasant.Some reviewers have mentioned that they quality control issues but I have used my ifm for a couple of months and not had any problems . You can use the ifm with a protective case . And I just clip the little base unit onto my ipod armband.This is one of the two accessories I use regularly from Griffin Technolgy -LRB- the other is the itrip -RRB- . A slight negative is that this does operate off of the ipod battery . I 've just trained myself to plug in my ipod more often.My husband has pointed out that buying a nano and then having a whole case of accesories rather defeats the purpose . I think it adds a lot of functionality .
 The ipod touch is great , except when it is -20 C outside in Canada , and you want to wear gloves so your fingers wo n't freeze and fall off . That 's when the touch is n't so great . So I 've been looking for a remote for the touch for a while . -LSB- ... -RSB- I was able to find the Griffin iFM here on Amazon for pretty cheap . So far -LRB- about a month -RRB- , the iFM works pretty well . Since I just have the remote and the touch in the same pocket , I find the long cable a little unnecessary , but that 's easy enough to just tie into a bundle.If you want the volume control to work , you have to plug the earphones into the iFM 's earphone jack.The FM mode on the iFM works well . I 'd been curious as to how it was to work , since the ipod touch does not have any radio application built in . So , in FM mode , essentially the iFM just draws power from the ipod , but it does n't use it for anything else . It displays the station you are listening to on its own LCD display.The only downside to the iFM I think is the FF/REV rocker button is placed a little awkwardly . So it is n't the easiest to push . And certainly if you want to use those buttons to auto scan ahead FM stations , it is quite difficult -LRB- especially if the whole thing is in your pocket -RRB- . Aside from that , I am pretty happy so far . And with winter already here , I am thankful it works ! I just hope it lasts through til at least next spring!Edit
 WOuld someone anser this question . How do you record songs from the radio ! I have tried and tried but still havnt figuerd out ! TO anser my question write a review and title it `` Anser '' .
 WOuld someone anser this question . How do you record songs from the radio ! I have tried and tried but still havnt figuerd out ! TO anser my question write a review and title it `` Anser '' .
 Yeah , it 's cool , that 's why I bought it . And I was hot when it would n't play any of my MP3s that play fine everywhere else . It turns out that it has something to do with the fact that later versions of Lame , the MP3 algorithm used by the DBPowerAmp Music converter I use , does something funny that the Sony ca n't read . I went out and got the Blade converter , and reburned the CD 's , and everything works fine . Do a search in Google on `` Not MP3 Sony zs-x3cp '' and you are on your way to a solution . If I had n't had to go through this , the Sony would have gotten 5 stars ...
 I puchased this player to be used in the great outdoors and have been happy with it for the past 6 months . Plays all CD both purchased or recorded from MP3 on many brands of CR-Rs & CD-RWs . The display shows title of songs and never misses a beat even when CDs are somewhat scuffed . Radio reception is very good as well . From northern MN canoe trips to southern MN bike trips it has performed with no problems at all and is easy on the battery consumption as well . - Highly Recommended -
 Whether you 're doing chores around the house , or car camping with friends , this is a sturdy boom box to keep the tunes pumping.The sound quality is good for background listening , but if you 're looking for flawless sound reproduction , look elsewhere.My unit has played every manner of CD , CD-R , and MP3 CD I 've fed to it . It 's never skipped in ESP mode , and I 'm still on my first set of batteries -LRB- it takes 6 D -RRB- after a few months of use.Radio reception is good , and the antenna swivels . The bass ports on the back have rubber padding , so you can also sit the unit on its back for an even smaller footprint -LRB- but it does n't sound as good -RRB- . Finally , it has a sleek , futuristic pod look that will turn heads , especially if you walk around with it up on your shoulder , blasting some Jay-Z , as I am prone to do in my neighborhood .
 I bought one of these right when they came out because I wanted a mp3 playing boom box that could take some abuse . After a year of carting it around in my pick up from worksite to worksite , its held up quite well even after being dropped and rained on a few times . I 've had no problems playing mp3 cd-r 's -LRB- burnt on my old mac with toast -RRB- except for ` chirping ' on an occassional tune . My major complaint with it is that it eats up the D cells when playing cds . Now I carry the AC adapter in my glove box and use it when not just listening to the radio . The sound is decent given its small size and light weight . My only complaint with the controls is when scrolling through my station presets , I always use the toggle the wrong way -LRB- you have to toggle down to go up , rather upside down , I believe -RRB- .
 I love everything about this boombox . The look , the MP3 capability , the text display with fun `` screen savers '' , but most of all , the SOUND . I 've had plenty of boomboxes and this blows them away .
 I just bought this boombox -LRB- not on amazon -RRB- and it works great !! It has a very stylish design and is the perfect weight to carry around . It 's easy-to-use buttons are great . The CD player works wonderful and the radio alsoworks very well . The sound is amazing . It works just as good , if not better , than my shelf system . It is also MP3 copatible . I have not figured out all of it 's capabilities yet but so far it is just what I wanted . My only complaints are that there is no remote , cassette player -LRB- wich is n't that big a deal -RRB- and no subwoofer , but you get what you pay for . Highly recomended .
 looks , plays , and works amazing , a must buy !
 I had the screeching problem as well . So did a little research and found you guys . I have determined that the screech comes from the unit not being able to properly read the encoding written to the CD . Here 's how to get around any problems . If you are n't familiar with burning CDs then you may need to have another window open with Google handy.I went through 25 + test CDs trying to fix and replicate the problem until I found a fool-proof solution .1 -RRB- The first thing you need to do is re-encode your files . You may think your files are fine , but why take the chance . I use the ` Audio File Format Converter ' function in Easy CD-DA Extractor 6.5 . It uses the LAME encoder version 3.95.11 -RRB- a -RRB- You need to configure settings for the ` Output Format ' .1 -RRB- a -RRB- 1 -RRB- The ` samplerate ' needs changed to 44100 kbit/s . This needs set manually as sometimes the default of ` Auto ' with allow the original ` samplerate ' to be used .1 -RRB- a -RRB- 2 -RRB- The ` bitrate ' needs to be checked to make sure it is set to 128 kbit/s and not ` Variable Bitrate ' . I also tested 96 , 112 , 160 , 192 kbit/s with no problems .1 -RRB- a -RRB- 3 -RRB- The ` mode ' can be set to anything ; ` Stereo ' , ` Auto Select ' , etc. 1 -RRB- a -RRB- 4 -RRB- The ` quality ' can be set to anything ; ` Normal ' , ` High Quality , ` Highest Quality ' , etc. 2 -RRB- Once the files have been re-encoded . Burn your CD .2 -RRB- a -RRB- You want to create a CD-ROM -LRB- ISO -RRB- disk .2 -RRB- b -RRB- Do not use ` multisession ' 2 -RRB- c -RRB- Use ISO Level 2 settings -LRB- max 31 characters , mode 1 format , ISO 9660 character set -RRB- .2 -RRB- c -RRB- 1 -RRB- Using Joliet is fine , just make sure that your file names are not longer than 64 characters to be safe . Really your file names do n't need to be that long as the information for the file -LRB- title , artist , album , etc -RRB- is kept in the ID3 tag of the file .2 -RRB- e -RRB- Your write speed should be between 2x-16x . I am using a setting of 16x so far with no problems . 24x seems to work about 90 % effectively.These tests were done with 120 songs on each disc.The CDRWs are RIDATA , they were so cheap it is almost impossible to tell which side is up or down as there are no identifiable marks on the entire disc . The CDRs are made by Khypermedia . So from my POV , media is not a huge issue.The most important thing to keep in mind is the bitrate and samplerate used to encode the files and the speed at which the CD is written.That takes care of the NOISE that everyone else was upset about . The unit definately looks awesome . It has been on several multi-day canoe trips over the last 3 years and seen its share of drizzle -LRB- light rain -RRB- and splashes.The batteries hold up well and although I have never written down runtimes , I would estimate around 24-36 hours continuous use on a volume level of 4.3 . Dismantalling the unit was easy with just a phillips screwdriver -LRB- make sure the tip end is at least 5 inches long to reach all the screws -RRB- . The bottom of the case comes off with no wires attached to the shell.For the $ $ $ I would recommend this unit to anyone .
 Very nice little boombox . Easy to haul around and operate . Sounds good although the MegaBass seems to have no affect whether it 's on or off . Plays MP3s without a hitch . Has a random play feature which is very nice when you put an MP3 disc in with over 200 songs on it . You basically never have to swap the disc out unless you use it a lot . Radio works very nice . Pulls in stations in rooms in my house that other radios ca n't . I recommend this player without reservation .
 If you compare this box to others with the same compact size , the sound is superior . Considering the 4 inch drivers and no subwoofer , this unit produces pretty good bass . I 've noticed that the speakers are ported at the rear , so placing the unit a few inches away from a wall or other flat object helps somewhat . Also the MegaBass on this unit is more useful at lower volume levels , similar to the `` loudness '' contol that used to be nearly standard on stereo components.I think this portable will appeal especially to two types of users . First , people who work indoors and want to listen to lots of their own music and ca n't pickup a radio station they like or have low tolerance for commercials . Second , this thing is great for those of us that like audiobooks . The resume function picks up right where you left off and you can pack some serious hours onto a CD . Ear shattering volume and window rattling bass are n't really a priority for these types of listening.Those who want to blast out a party with sound or work at a construction site etc. may want to look for something different , but for some of us this unit is perfect .
 since I didnt need to need to use it outdoors or move it around a lot it worked for a little more than 3 years ! My only complaint is the way you switch songs and stations . Great boombox if you dont need to move it around a lot .
 I purchased this boombox for my dorm , and I love it ! Not only is this the perfect boombox for the ultra-small dorm room , it 's not heavy , easy to use , and nice looking . I particularly like the mp3 player because it plays the mp3s with CD quality sound . Playing mp3s on my computer just does n't compare ! Also , the display is really easy to see , especially in the dark since it stays lit -LRB- orange -RRB- . Also , when the boombox is not in use , you can sit it upright on its backside so it takes up less floor/counter space . The radio reception is awesome , even in this building that normally muffles radio reception . The presets are very easy to set and navigate -LRB- 20 FM & 10 AM -RRB- I highly recommend this boombox !
 I 've recently owned this , and so far , I 'm satisfied with its features . I got this because of its latest technology
 I researched mp3 boomboxes for a long time before I purchased and decided on this one as it seemed to be the most stable . When it was finally released , I went to the local BestBuy and purchased it . Smart choice !! The unit has worked aboslutely flawlessly on everything I have tried on it . Even my first attempt worked wihout issues . It works great with folders , meta-tag info display , with several different display options . I personally like to make folders for each artist on my CD 's , and this has been great for that . I 've tried several different brands of CD-R , CD-RW all of them worked just fine . I 've read post from a few people who say they had some mp3 cd 's that would not play ... I seriously believe they created their CD 's wrong , as one guy said , his would not work on the store model , yet their mp3 cd worked fine . Granted the power transformer is a bit bulky , and the little navigation joystick ... I think I would rather have push buttons , but small drawbacks . Overall , I 'm very very very impressed .
 Just got this today - it has great sound for a small speakers.The megabass was good considering it does not have any subwoofer.The bass port in the back helps.I do n't know about the other reviewers , but I have experience with playing mp3 cds with different devices . This one works good . If it is skipping with MP3 songs , it is because it was burned at a faster speed . If you want good compatibility with other mp3 cd players , it is best to burn at 2x speed.I like the way you can stand it up . Perfect for the back seat of a truck or car . As for the person complaining about the brick power supply , it 's because this will let you use a dc power adapter for the car and be able to plug it into the power port .
 I love electronics technlogy . This is a very cool little system , especially for the price . I was looking for an mp3 boombox and found this one by Sony and I do NOT regret its purchase.Its a simple system and has every function I was looking for ! When I looked at it in the store I was wondering where all the features could be . But with these few keys you can : - play mp3 cds , - shuffle tracks , - repeat track , directory , cd , album . - Rewind/Forward Tracks/Directories - and scan rewind/forward tracks . - Program your own folders -LRB- 20 -RRB- with your own track order up to 20 tracks or files for each folder!There are 20 presets for the radio and they are very easy to set . The boombox is very intuitive . i figured out how to do everything in about 2 minutes of playing with it w/out the instructions , because everything just makes sense the way it 's set up . Kudos to Sony for this !!! I really love it.Worthy Extras : Its also waterproof , very light and easy to carry!PS . One thing that a buyer may expect is a remote , but there is n't one .
 I came to this box late . At first I tried buying the cheaper RCA model and it was a total disaster . Skipped constantly and would n't play after an hour . I brought back my RCA and picked this up for the extra cash . I am very happy with it . except for two tracks so far it has played everything I throw at it -LRB- and just needed to reformat those 2 to play -RRB- A co-worker also has the same box and also plays mp3 shows all the time with it . There is no better `` boombox '' mp3 player . That is the key so those complaiung it is n't like your Rio or walkman type mp3 player is missing the point here . There are n't many choices in boombox mp3 players and out of the lot this is definatly the best one . Now I use it in the car and no matter the road conditions so far it does n't skip and works great . Now I listen to old time radio on the car ride to and from work and I am totally happy with it .
 This Boombox is for lack of a better word awesome . I am constantly moving from one place to another and to turn this baby on and hit that AUTO PRESET button is a real pain reliever . It automatically stores the best 20 stations in a row and within 1min has you browsing the local radio networks.Also its very durable and it will last a long time . I bought my boombox back in 2003 when they were coming out , and i needed some music for my dorm room . I still have it today and there is nothing wrong with it at all . No problems the whole 6 years I have had it . I really like the ability to make my own playlists to , right from the interface . This little guy doesnt look like much but it sure does a lot for the money.The only reason I 'm looking at them now is because in all my travels I have misplaced my AC Adapter and I 'm trying to buy a new one . All-in-all , I highly recommend this product , and I plan on keeping it around for a long time to come . Its perfect for my garage when I have work to do .
 This is perhap 's the easiest product to endorse highly that I have ever used.The simple reason is to say that few products have ever given me my money 's worth like this one has . I ca n't remember if it was 5 or six years ago I bought this box but I paid 50 % more than it is listed for here and still think I got a deal.I still use this box today ! Matter of fact I can safely say that I have used this to box to play cd 's and listen to the radio almost everyday during that time . To be honest I ca n't believe the thing is still going and strong too.When I say almost every day I mean 300 plus days a year too!Not only that but the volume when playing cd 's is always at 9 or max.That is without the loudness feature on since that distorts at about 5-51/2 volume level.Average each time I turn this thing on is probably 35-40 minutes for radio or cd play.I ad that up and this box has cost me 1/4 of a penny per minute used or .10 a day averaging 40 minutes a day when used.And it still is going ! No antenna now and a little beat cosmetically but still using it all the time.Still happy with the quality of sound . Mine has always been played indoors or in a vehicle.If it breaks I will buy it again if I can find it .
 i had tried several in line amps with no help . i had a grainey picture with a slow rolling line thru it . i am on anolog cable , split 6 ways . i had a 6 way splitter where the cable came in the house.when i replaced it with the powered spliter it was job done , move on with life , tv problems over .
 My house has 14 cable jacks , I installed the cable myself , burried from the street into my house . The house is 80 ft. long . The cable enters on one end and then splits in three directions . Two cables go to TV jacks , the third cables runs 25 feet to my machinal room . From there it splits off to the rest of the house with a cable to each jack . The problem I had was some of the channals on the TV 's past the machinal room were fuzzy . -LRB- reception was not as good on higher channels -RRB- I could n't understand because the lower channels were OK , not perfect but OK . Someone told me a video amp was what I needed . My wife was skeptical . I installed this video amp splitter and have been amazed how much it improved the reception on all my TV 's . My wife apologized for doubting .
 This video amp cleared up some lousy pictures on my cable TV . I had several splitters daisey chained to feed my cable signal to five TV tuners and the picture was pretty poor . This amp cleared up the picture noise and wavy lines and has worked great for several weeks now.The only problem is mounting it . The amp is designed to fit on an Open House video mounting and If that is what you have you are good to go . But if you do not have Open House mountings you will need to fabricate something , which in my case , was not very difficult . It was packaged on a hardboard that can be used as a templet to make a mount .
 Once I plugged this in , I noticed a definite improvement on my analog cable signal -LRB- signal that does n't come through a box -RRB- . And since that was my greatest concern , I would have been happy there . But I also noticed a significant difference with how digital and HD looked afterward as well . What I noticed most was the lack of ` blockiness ' that tends to occur with fast moving video images . While there is still some , I think this device eliminated any blockiness that existed due to the signal being split out.I can not speak to the long cable runs as my longest run is only about 50 feet , but that run does look great.My only hangup is that it 's pretty clear the manufacturer wants you to use their utility boxes for wiring . Anything else will require some imagination . So if you keep all your RG6/cat5 hubs in a cabinet , you may find this a little frustrating to mount.Otherwise a great piece of equipment .
 I like the 12 speed and 700 megs on these re-writables . I 've never had any problems with them .
 I have been writing and re-writing to these for more than two years now . top quality even though I do n't always like Memorex products -LRB- nightmare with their DVD + - RW -RRB- .
 I 'm loving the ability to save my information , and then resave it on the same disk later after I 've made changes ... . a real money saver .
 Full time of 80 minutes is an improvement over past RW versions . Price makes this a great transitional medium to be used over and over
 or is it memorex?Memorex quality still holds up as technology changes
 I recently bought the iAudio 6 and am so far very pleased with its superior performance . I owned a 60GB iPod and am convinced that the former is way better than the latter.First , the iAudio 6 has a superb sound -LRB- 36ohm -RRB- , its hard drive although small , is considerably fast . I love the FM tuner as well as the voice recorder that are extremely convenient in a a small but very robustly built mp3 player ; those features are unavailable in an iPod . Finally , the price/quality is very favorable . This is my first product from COWON/iAudio , but i will definitely buy again .
 This would have received a 5 if it were n't for the horrible customer service from COWON . Buyer beware , and set your expectations very low for their support . At all times I treated them with respect , never cursed or acted irate , which I must say was very difficult to do considering the way they treated me , a new customer .1 -RRB- The only way to `` speak '' with support is through online chat or email . They do not have working phone numbers for support .2 -RRB- I received 1 player , DOA . Replacement player also DOA . It literally took 4 weeks before I received a working player since they do not offer cross shipping for defective products -LRB- they email a UPS ground shipping label , once unit arrives it sits in their queue for 5 business days , then they send the replacement via UPS ground -RRB- 3 -RRB- It does not matter how professional you treat the support team , they will treat you like you are inconveniencing them .4 -RRB- They will not let you speak with a supervisor , they can only relay your chat to them5 -RRB- Check the Better Business Bureau rating , its currently an FI really do n't like being so negative about COWON but this whole experience left me wishing they did n't have such a technological superior product . I encouraged them to alter their treatment of their customers , never received a response . Even sent them a letter , no response.Their players are great , the customer support is the worst I have ever encountered .
 I switched from a 20 GB iPod to the iAudio 6 for a more Linux friendly player , but what I got was much more ! Cowon iAudio 6 is an excellent digital multimedia player!The navigation interface and touch screen is well though trough and works really well . There is a learning curve as it is very different from those user interfaces found on other digital music players with the same features.The touch screen does put you off at first and you will start cursing it for being too sensetive ! But this is something you will get used to within a few hours of use -LRB- and you will discover the `` hold '' button ! -RRB- Cowon players are know for their good audio playback quality . The iAudio 6 is no exception . I was actually astonished over the quality compared with the iPod 's ! The screen is a little too small for the video playback feature , but I believe that was only meant as a show-off feature and works just like that too.The built in FM radio with automatic tuner gives the iAudio 6 the last thing required to earn it 's five star rating !
 I bought this for my wife . I have an iRiver HP120 , which I consider to be one of the best ever made . I have to say , I think this is a great little player . The interface is well designed , the unit is well made , and the sound quality is excellent . I purchased a U2 about 1 year ago as a gift , which was also excellent . I think Cowon is making some of the better MP3 players on the market now , and I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a high quality unit .
 I 'll start by saying this is our second one as the first one had to be returned due to a deffective screen . The new slider buttons take a bit of getting used to . You have to play with them to get the feel for them . A tap is usually better than an actual push . While the loading is a bit slow from pc to player the rest of the player is excellent . It is small but full featured and sounds great . I got it for my wife and it took her about two days of actual use before she got comfortable with it but now she loves it .
 I bought this cowon mp3 player about 2 years ago , along with 3 more different models with similar features and quality from the same brand , as gifts for family . I just found on amazon i can write a review on it , wish i had done it long ago . before this purchase , i probably spent more than 2 years in the search for a unit that would deliver excellent sound power and quality without compromising anything else . I think I found it . Ever since i have it -LRB- 2 years now -RRB- , i literally stopped seraching for any other players as im so satisfied with this one , and so are the family members i bought the other ones for . The most amazing thing is the blasting sound power , that in addition to a decent pair of headphones -LRB- ive been using the sony mdr-ex models for long now -RRB- , makes it a unique personal music experience -RRB- . And it comes feature packed , not that i care or use them match , but unlike ipods , u dont need to keep adding xtra devices if u want 2 record music , etc. . I dont know if the industry came up with better sounding devices , i would have to start searching again at some point , but not now . Plain to see newer devices are coming slicker than ever , with touchscreens , and all sorts of features . Still , I care about sound quality and am not willing to let go of my cowon so easy now . Love the little thing . Highly recommended product .
 After trying other media players with similar specifications and dealing with among other issues , buggy firmware , poor decoding quality , and lower power output , I am highly impressed with the iAudio media player . It is small and lives up to all its expectations . Fantastic audio quality at about twice the power of anything else on the market , enhancement effects , long battery life , easy transfer of files onto the device -LRB- as USB mass storage -RRB- , and a beautiful screen . The USB host function is great and works quite well -LRB- I 've used it with my Olympus SP-310 digital camera -RRB- , as does the radio , and voice recorder . The touch-sensitive interface takes some getting used to , and I use the `` Lock '' button often , but it still ranks as one of the nicer of the touch interfaces I 've used . Over all , pay the extra $ 20 - $ 30 that this will cost you over the `` competition '' because it will surely be worth it .
 1 . Would be good to haveBluetoothInstant deleteing optionBetter play button2 . Clarity of recording is very good .3 . Good navigation4 . Video clarity5 . Good graphics
 it 's great quality , it takes a little bit of getting used to in terms of use and presentation , but overall is a great music player .
 More user friendly than the X5 , screen is nice and bright , sound quality is great , but needs to include a charger .
 I like Cowon iAudio 6 very much . The sound is very good and It has many fuctions to use that you can choose to appropriate with your work that you want . I feel comfortable to bringht it with me everywhere . It likes my best friend .
 I was looking for more power and I found it!The IAudio6 is the best sounding most powerful MP3 for the buck.It take 's a little getting used too , but it 's worth the time and effort.If you want a MP3 that can blow you away with power , clarity , plenty of memory and FM to boot!This is it !
 This board is intended to use a PCI 2.2 slot to create a raid from inexpensive ATA/IDE/EIDE drives in the W2K , Xp ,2003 environment with a total size per array of under 2TB . I have six of these running in different boxes . Not one has given me a problem . Recommend expanding the cache RAM to the max -LRB- about $ 30.00 -RRB- before installation . Comes with four IDE cable connectors for one -LRB- Master -RRB- drive per cable to increase total throughput via talking to all drives at the same time .
 i 've been using these for 3 years . they are flawless . absolutely the easiest networking solution i can imagine . the only negative is the cost . if they were $ 10 each i 'd have one in every room of the house .
 I got this card to use in my PSP not really being sure if the PSP could really take advantage of a high speed card . I was pleased to find that yes , the PSP reads from the card faster . I did n't to any actual tests but , compared to my 1GB SanDisk Gaming card , the with the UltraII card installed the PSP displayed picture and game demo thumbnails faster.If you load data to and from your memory card often -LRB- game demos , homebrew , pictures , etc. -RRB- I would encourage you to pay the extra for an UltraII over the standard gaming cards for the extra speed . I thought it was worth it .
 Saw this product and purchased it for my camera and camcorder . It took a little longer to come in , but it came in and in exactly as described .4 GB stick is a lot less expensive than th 8GB stick . It provide plenty of storage for pictures and mp3 files . Sandisk 4GB stick is also faster than than the comparable Sony stick . If you need a memory stick now , it is good buy . However , if you can wait , the price probably will come down more .
 Excellent product . In the PSP itself , the memory stick shows little improvement in thumbnail loading , etc. . However I am using the ProDuo in a PSP 1000 , so that may be bottlenecking the cards performance . It comes with an adapter to a memory stick Duo -LRB- I believe -RRB- , the predecessor to the ProDuo -LRB- has the same connections , but thicker and longer -RRB- . Very useful for direct transfers -LRB- PC - > ProDuo -RRB- . Generally I see transfer rates of about 7MB/s max , about 3MB/s for short file transfers . I do n't know if this is ordinary , but I expected the burst rates to be faster than the sustained...All-in-all , a great ProDuo , especially for installing games and homebrew applications . 4GB is enough room to put the games you think could benefit from decreased load times -LRB- think of the HDD - > SSD transition on a computer - yeah it 's that great -RRB- . Of course , if you are planning on putting your entire UMD collection -LRB- even if compressed to . cso -RRB- , you need a much larger ProDuo -LRB- most games range from 700-1300 MB in . iso uncompressed form - UMDs hold up to 1300MB -RRB- 4GB is the best $ $ $ / MB ratio right now . The 8GB is more than 2X as expensive , and the ratio increases exponentially from there -LRB- which is bad for your wallet -RRB- . Great buy , performance and value !!!
 it works fast , it works well , and it costs less than sony 's model , even with shipping costs .
 nothing to say ... . if you want the space , the speed ... you have to get this one ...
 I 'll be able to assess it 's true speed capability in a month when I shoot soccer photos - right now , just a lot of pic capacity .
 I could not believe how much memory I got w/this product , I went on a trip and took around 1800 pictures and my camera was still saying I had upwards of 9999 pics available ! It was just so amazing and relieving knowing that I had unlimited pics to take!Also super fast shipping/great quality product buy this product !
 That 's right ! There 's a real volcano at the other end of every pair ! Be careful not to pull too hard or you 'll wind up with a volcano in your living room . This can be really messy with all of the ash and lava and all . But then , if you have $ 4K to spend on a pair of speaker cables , you probably have the money to clean it up .
 First , there are a couple of problems with packaging and the instructions should contain appropriate warnings . Before opening the package , all conductors should have a low impedance path to ground attached . When I opened mine a static discharge jumped from my finger to the center conductor and the neighbor 's dog was neutered by the shock . This was a prize breeder , and replacement was a serious hassle.In operation , I was quite satisfied with the cables . Normally I smoke a turkey for Christmas on my Big Green Egg . The Volcano cables allowed me to connect to the jacks on the back of the microwave and the turkey was cooked while still in the fridge in just under 2 hours . Unfortunately a container of Tuscan Milk was split open in the process .
 After buying my first pair I plugged them in and for the first time in 20 years I could hear again . I was so impressed I bought a second pair for my boyfriend .
 Well I would like to say that I have a pair of Volcano Wires and they sure do make a difference . To all the critics who mock them , they probably listen to their music , in their car , going 75 mph down the expressway . Obviously you wo n't be able to hear the subtleness that is lost with regular speaker wires . Half the reviewers ca n't even spell so do you want to take your reviews from them -LRB- toothless rednecks -RRB- or someone of class and grace like me . -LRB- yes I am talking about you J. Derry ... inebriated is the correct spelling . -RRB- As for the technical description they have , of how the wires work , I would like to expand on it but first I would like to say that just because some information is not found on Google does not mean it does n't exist -LRB- talking about you Nathan -RRB- . By reading books -LRB- do all the other reviewers know what books are ? I doubt it . -RRB- and good old fashion research , I found that almost everything in the tech details , for these wires , is correct .1 -RRB- Counter spiral windings are often used in space craft because of performance and electromagnetic compatibility issues .2 -RRB- 72V Dielectric Bias-System
 A few years ago I discovered that I owned the Brooklyn Bridge . It 's a nice bridge but I was n't using it so I decided to trade it for a volcano . Now I 'm not a nut case or an idiot , and I knew that volcanoes do n't come up for sale every day , so imagine my delight when the guy in the next room at the clinic offered to trade me his set of audio volcanoes . Not only did I get two volcanoes for one bridge , but now I hear the voices in my head in amazing high fidelity stereo!Vive la France !
 Used this to install a Pioneer AVH-4400 head unit in my 2011 Chevy Tahoe . No problems at all and would recomend this product .
 Perfect fit , Great look . I have a 2011 Chevy Express 350 Van . Looks like it came from the factory with it .
 Fit my new Pioneer deck and GMC Sierra Crew Cab -LRB- 2013 -RRB- perfectly . It looks like a factory installed radio . Worth the money for sure .
 Well made dash kit easy to install and has that factory finish to it would recommend customers buy this one if your doing a install in any newer GMC or Chevy truck
 installed a Kenwood DNX-7160 in my 09 Silvearado fits good a 1/16 on the sides to big and a 1/8 '' to small on top but not that noticeable .
 This is a good kit . I used it on a 2008 Pontiac Torrent , and it fit quite well . It does n't fit quite perfect , but that is the case with most kits like these . The black matches quite well with my car , it is a very matte black . The plastic bent quite a bit trying to secure it in place , but fit well once it was secured down .
 This is the first time I 've ordered this product . It was rush delivered just as promised and I will use this company again .
 I highly recommend this seller ! Item just as described and fast shipping !! A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + Mahaloz !!!
 I bought one of the SanDisk 2 GB Ultra II Memory Stick Pro Duo cards , just to compare to the Sony High Speed cards . So I took my 8.1 mp camera out to a near by lake and starting shooting in burst mode . The Sony 2 Gig High Speed Pro Duo started to stutter after about 20 frames which is pretty decent , but when I shot the same subject in the same conditions and it went beyond 100 frames before it began to stutter a little . But it was very quick to recover and start shooting again.This was just a test to see if there was any difference between the two high speed cards , and honestly most people would never rack off over 20 frames at 2.1 frames per second , but with this card you can get what Sony says you can get with this camera and that is 100 frames at 2.1 per second.Just a nice easy test
 This product was shipped quickly and arrived in excellent condition . The product is exactly as expected . The price was fair as I found it days later for sale for the same price at the big electronics stores . I was hoping to get a better deal by buying it online . Other than this , I would purchase from this company again .
 I have owned this gaming headset for 5 years , and they have proved to be well built and have held up longer than any other set I have ever owned . I do not use the SRS feature as it does nothing to enhance the games I use it on and I dont care for the extra weight of the battery on the cord . However SRS is a nice feature for listening to music when in the mood.This set allows for a very large head sizes and the ear cups are very comfortable and seal very tightly , they are close to noise cancelling without the electronics for that . I find the tonal range to be excellant.My son gave me these for Christmas and bought the extra gaurantee , but that was never needed .
 This replaced my RMA-ed Linksys EZXS88W v3 8-port which overheated and died after 3 days of use.Compared to the Linksys : Good : Nice mounting bracket -LRB- can use to hold non-3com items -RRB- Smarter -LRB- Auto MDI/MDX detection -RRB- Brighter , well-spaced diagnostic LEDsMetal/Plastic construction seems much more solid than LinksysLifetime warrantyDoes n't meltBad : Larger footprintonly 60Mbit/s -LRB- Linksys did 90MBit/s -RRB- costs $ 20 - $ 30 moreOverall , it 's a nice switch , but I wonder why its bandwidth is so low .
 Thank you . This is exactly what we have ordered . And will be orderding from Amazon again for all our Toner needs .
 I was pleasantly surprised by this unit . I had never before purchased a digital phoro frame and was pleased with the aesthetic quality of the frame itself , the LCD picture quality , the slideshow features , video capability , and size of this unit . It accepts a wide variety of media card formats and has a fairly simple data transfer method to its 128MB of internal memory . I am preloading this item with pictures and sending as a gift . My only complaints are the somewhat quirky menu system and the lack of a battery feature -LRB- must use power cord -RRB- . But overall I am very happy .
 This is an inexpensive frame in comparison and has cool features that are n't on a lot of these digital frames . I love the mosaic feature for displaying my paintings .
 Easy to use even for a novice ... liked the first one so much , I bought another .
 It was used a ton when we first gifted it . But I think it 's a pain for people to keep turning it on . I 've seen it in little boutiques and stores . I think they seem to get the most mileage out of it .
 I had a store credit from Best Buy and did n't know what to do with it . I ended up buying this little picture frame on sale for $ 89 . I must be honest and say , I really disliked it at first . For one , the pictures seem a little dark , but really , it 's not as bad as it seems . I was looking at it at the wrong angle . The main reason for my disdain however , was while trying to upload 303 pictures -LRB- for a total of 24.3 Mb -RRB- to the internal flashdrive -LRB- 128Mb -RRB- , it kept failing to copy all of them . I kept getting the same error over and over again . I deleted the pics countless times and retried it . I reformatted the flashdrive . Nothing seemed to work . I finally figured it out , but I had already spent hours and was exhausted and disgusted , ready to return it.You must create a folder in the root of the flashdrive and copy your photos to that folder . The root itself will not allow you to copy anymore than 196 photos/files to it . So , as you can imagine , I spent hours on this , all because the manual is lame and could n't mention this little fact . All is well now though and the frame works fine.The Mosaic slideshow is pretty nifty and I like it . It also takes both SD and XD cards and some others , but those are the only two I use . The 7 '' screen is adequate . Anything bigger really would be overkill . The closeups on this are C.L.O.S.E.U.P. and I can already see every pore on everyone 's face in all the pictures ! You really do n't need the larger screens out there and this little frame does the job just fine for its price . I 've got just under 350 pictures on it and still have over 100Mb available for more pics ! We 're going to get another one , load it up with photos and send it to my MIL in Italy as a gift.I was going to rate it a 3 because of the missing information in the manual , but that really is my only complaint . It did n't seem fair to give the device a lower rating because someone did n't think that bit of information about the flashdrive was important enough to make the manual . It really is a nice little toy though !
 THE FRAME IS A GOOD CHOICE , IT 'S WIDESCREEN , AND ELEGANT . THE RESOLUTION IS NOT SO GREAT .
 You get what you pay for , which is a decent , middle-of-the-line camera frame which is as sharp as can be expected for $ 100.00 . It 's very easy to use and holds a ton of pictures even without added memory . For the photo enthusiast with some extra cash , I 'd suggest going with a pricier model with higher resolution . For the rest of you , however , It is worth the money .
 Westinghouse 7-Inch Wide LCD Digital Photo FrameI bought this for my kids because they have limted space to display photos . It seemed to be the best deal for the price and the kids really like it .
 I purchased this item as a gift for a friend . I researched several makes and brands . Based on other reviews and for the price range I purchased this item it appeared to be one of the better digital photo frames . Upon receiving it I loaded memorable pictures we shared . I found the picture quality to be very good . However , the instructions do n't seem to be clear enough to really be able to load pictures into the frames memory easily . There was a lot of trial and error in loading the pictures . If you have a lot of patience in attempting to load pictures on this frame then it is the item for you .
 I bought this so we could download pictures . I love the fact that sometimes I forget which pictures are on there and I love watching them scroll and remembering all of the fun moments our family has shared . I like that I can load a lot of photos and I can add photos and I wo n't lose the original ones I put on there . I should use it more than I do , but with a couple little ones running around , I had to find a safer place for it so it would n't get broken . Even with the falls it has been durable , has not cracked or broken and the pictures are still there and have nice quality .
 be sure to sort you pics in the order you want them displayed before uploading . this is an earlier version product and perhaps now days there are more features . display is great . ease of use is great . transition features great . it 's a wonderful product . amazon service excellent as always .
 I am well please with the Westinghouse 7 inch LCD photo frame . I 've checked out other products and found that the color quality and clarity was better than almost all the others . The internal memory , the ability of using multiple cards , and the ease of use were all added bonuses .
 The frame got here before Christmas even through it was on back order J&R did a great job . I would buy thorugh them again .
 I purchased two digital photo frames for family members . They arrived safely and in a timely fashion . There has not been feedback on the frames so I am unable to offer more information .
 I did my shoping around when picking out a digital photo frame , and ran across the westinghouse at a couple of different stores . my family has puchaces 2 westinghouse flat screen computer monitors over the course of the past couple of years , not a lick of trouble . So naturally , I felt comfortable with buying this frame . It is the standard 480x234 display of many 7 '' frames -LRB- there are more expendsive 640x480 frames , and a larger 10 '' 860x680 westinghouse if you want to pay for it -RRB- , the multi-media card reader , mp3/mpeg playback capability as well . One nice feature is the mosaic picture . It 's neat 3 pictures side by side on screen is cool , but I 'll admit that some of the pictures are hard to see clearly , especially in mosaic , because of resolution . But , mosaic still a neat feature not on many of the other entry level 7 '' frames . Also , 128MB build in makes it a good self contained unit as well , even without a memory card of some type . check it out .
 Excellent picture clarity , simple menu management , easy to set up and a good price -LRB- see below -RRB- . The `` collage '' slideshow presentation is a little hokie -- and presents pictures that are ` way too small when it divides the 7-inch screen into three views , but that can be turned off . The package DOES NOT include a USB cable , which must be purchased separately , if you want to dump pictures from your PC direct to the frame . The only feature missing is a `` delete all '' function . It would be nice to be able to delete ALL the frame , s pictures and reload a new set , rather than having to delete pictures , one at a time.Now -- the reason for the title to my comment -- The best price I could find at a retail store was $ 120 -LRB- Best Buy -RRB- . But Amazon had it for $ 85.00 !!!
 I bought this for my father and he absolutely loved it . Remember to tap the buttons lightly and not press firmly when navigating . The only time the button is pressed for a couple of seconds is to get into the menu.Similar items cost twice as much . I would highly recommend this product .
 Westinghouse 7-Inch Wide LCD Digital Photo FrameThe Westinghouse frame was an overall good purchase . The only problem was that some of the pictures had to be resized b/c they would n't fit on the screen . -LRB- Tip - It does n't matter weather the pic are the same size pixels wise , some get cut off and others do n't . My suggestion - upload all of the photos you want and then flip through them to figure out which are getting cut off . Then , open those pics in `` Paint '' and make them smaller . -RRB- Other than that , the pictures were pretty clear and the frame was a good quality .
 I got this as a gift for my father to display the pictures of his 90th birthday party . He and the family were very impressed . It is easy to use and has good features . I would have preferred something larger but will have to wait until the prices are a little more reasonable for this technology .
 Bought this a few days back , and absolutely love it . The best thing about it is its weight ; its so light , I often forget if its still on ! A bit pricey , but then what the heck , a sony is never expected to be for the common money-minded man -LRB- well , I confess I 've a weakness for gizmos ! -RRB- Yup , the bass is not as rich as one would expect , but its not bad either . What I mean is , I did not regret it for anything.A good buy . Wish it was a bit cheaper , though ! It makes up in its looks for all it lacks in the bass . So , no regrets .
 at the gym i sweat and nothing annoys me more than having to continue sticking my headphones back in my ears ; THESE classics dont let that happen , they are secure and sound good .
 I am currently on my second pair of these Headphones and I just ordered two new pairs because mine are finally starting to fall apart after almost two years . While I do agree that these are n't fancy they are awesome for working out and running . I tried many different pairs of in-ear buds and over the ear headphones and most of them led to complete misery when I was running . I spent most of my run dealing with one side or the other popping out of my ears . Maybe I am just anatomically deformed but I have never had a problem with these.My only issue with these headphones are that you do have to be very careful if you choose to fold them up . I have n't broken as many pairs as some but it did happen with the first pair I purchased . At the end of the day though these things are so cheaply priced I would rather buy an extra pair . If you run frequently these ca n't be beat !
 I am confused by the negatives for these . I have had these for over a year-they are outstanding . When I run or work-out I SWEAT , a LOT ! I also wear these with my Ipod while mowing and working in the lawn -LRB- again , sweating in the hot summers -RRB- . They stay on my head , are durable , reliable and sweating does not lower the great sound of these . I have expensive headphones -LRB- including the Bose Noise-Cancelling ones -RRB- and expensive Sony earbuds . Now , the sound on these is NOT as good as those but still very good considering the price . For the price-you get MORE than your money 's worth . Highly recommend for the sports-minded person .
 Yes , they are the BEST sport headphones ; and yes , the new plastic DOES break easily . This is the 4th pair I 've bought in 5 years because I ca n't find another that I like better . Puppy ate the first 2 pair and the 3rd pair are of the new cheap plastic and broke in my backpack . But YES , I 'm buying my 4th pair!You can wear they for hours without discomfort and the collapsible feature makes them very handy .
 The earphones that came with my iPod Nano were just falling out too much so I bought these . They work just fine for running and I have no complaints . I 've been using them for a couple weeks , running five times a week , up to four miles . Due to the cold weather I 've been putting a knit cap over the earphones , but they seem secure without the cap as well . Not sure about them breaking where they fold -- I never fold them , as I just use them for running . I have jerked the wire hard a couple times while running , and while one of the speakers pulls out of my ear , they have n't broken yet . They sit comfortably in my ears and have decent sound while I 'm running . All I could ask for in headphones for running , so I can recommend them .
 Bought these in January 2007 , they finally broke on me in December 2007 . Not real heavy duty construction , but hey , they 're cheap and they work well enough . I called Sony to try and get a replacement pair out of them , as I thought `` 1 year warranty '' on parts ought to be worth something , and they wanted me to ship them back to Sony at my expense for `` review '' . No thanks , called Amazon and after 5 minutes the nice rep told me he would overnight me a new pair , with a prepaid return label to ship back the broken ones . Now THAT 'S customer service . Thanks , Amazon !
 Wow , wow , wow is all I can say ... from what I 'm reading below me here the older models are the best and I totally agree . They stay on and block out almost all outside noise so that all you hear is the music .
 I 've tried about four different earphones to use while running . Most of them pop right out of my ears . I finally settled on a set that wrapped around the ears , but I still had to secure them to my head by wearing a bandanna over them . I bought the Sony MDR-A35G headphones based on another runner 's review here -- and I have to say thanks to that runner . These headphones are excellent ! They stay put , offer reasonably good sound , and are relatively inexpensive . I run 5-7 miles a day , both on a treadmill and on the road , and music is a crucial part of the experience -LRB- especially on the treadmill -RRB- . It 's nice to be able to put on a set of headphones and not think about them while I 'm running . By the way , you can still wear a bandanna for sweat control with these headphones -- you just have to put it on under the phones . Great choice for runners !
 If you are looking for a cheap pair of headphones that keep the sweat out of your ears and sound pretty good this are for you . I 'm pretty impressed with how well the sweat guard mechanism works . I run for over an hour most days and ususally have a problem with an in the ear type of headphone . Not with these . The sound quality is also very good for sport headphones.The only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is the cord . It is the `` standard '' 4 ft which is about 3 ft too long for my purposes . The `` better '' Sony headphones have a 1 ft cord and a 3 ft extension cord which allows you to just use the main cord when you are wearing an MP3 player on your arm . The connection to the plug seems flimsy so I 'm not sure how long the wiring will stay together but for the price its a good deal .
 These were good while they lasted . That they fold was great , and helped them last in my bag . Although I take care of my things and do n't do much yanking , they are in and out of my pocket and my bag all the time , which does take a toll . If you do n't want to use earbuds , these are just as convenient .
 These headphones are great for exercising ! While the sound quality is n't what you 'd get from a more expensive pair of headphones , these are very functional and still sound pretty good . The earbuds rest comfortably -LRB- but not snugly -RRB- in my ears to hold the headphones in place while I run . Other headphones fall out when I jog or exercise , but these stay put . They also fold nicely while not in use and have an adjustable headband . Definitely recommended !
 Love them ... wasted a lot of money looking for something comparable but could never find it !!! They are the best !
 These phones are exceptionally portable due to the collapesable head bridge . They stand up to everyday use andkeep sounding good , even after I sweat on the ear piece . I have not found a better pair after a long search.My only wish would be a lower price and better availability .
 Exactly as expected : - Stay on my head during exercise-The design actually does `` wick '' sweat away from the earbud-Bass is non-existent ... just like every other $ 20 `` sport headphone '' - Works well - no complaints !
 I had a pair of these several years ago and did n't even know that they existed anymore . I 'm kind of a cheap headphone junky ; I have gone through several sets of Koss 's The Plug , which I love , but I 'm always reseatting them in my ears -LRB- they do n't just stick in , it 's kind of a process to get them in there , which can be annoying while doing cleans -RRB- . I remember these being the most trouble-free for working out -- sweat does n't build up around them , they do n't completely block out sound -LRB- so I feel safer with them outside -RRB- and the sound is okay . I 've looked at some of the behind-the-ear/head models , but they all have those foam cushions on the and that stuff really irritates me ... like I get rugburns on my ears or something , so these are a better alternative . I think that those . . um . . I do n't know , the `` tabs '' on the front side of my ear canals , I think mine might stick out a little farther than most other people 's because that 's what gets irritated for me.Sound quality -- well , let 's not kid ourselves . These things are about twelve dollars , what do you want ? My main headphone is a Grado SR225i , and I 'm not going to pretend that they 're in the same league . BUT for cheap headphones these work great . I think that they can get away with having a small , cheap transducer by making these fit in your ear.I honestly do n't remember if mine quit working or what , all I know is that they are n't around any more and I 've missed them . Glad to see that they 're still available.I guess in sum , I 'd recommend them if your ears do n't take buds or plugs well and if the behind the ear ones just are n't your thing . Give these a shot ... not a lot of money to lose here .
 I bought this style of headphones as I 've had problems with fitting earbud type headsets . This set sounds fine , is very comfortable in use , and a very good value . My only complaint has to do with storage ... it has a protective , hard plastic storage device that does the protection thing very well , but it 's abnormally large and clunky . I 've had this style of Sony headphone in the past with Walkman players and it was much simpler to store and put into use .
 These phones are functional -- lightweight -- fold up for easy storagegreat sound -- and do n't break the bank!buy this one !
 I have had these headphones for years and love them . The quality must have declined because I bought my girlfriend a pair and hers broke in several weeks . Sad because these are good headphones .
 I am relatively small female avid runner and ear buds just fall out of my ears . I also have not had success with those that hang over the ear . These are the only ones that are light and STAY in my ears . The sound is just fine ... I 'm running , after all , and need to hear my surroundings . I took the advice of other reviewers and bought the Amazon replacement plan for 2.99 and ... as they predicted , the headphones did break -LRB- on the crease , where the piece folds -RRB- . But , they lasted me for 8 months and now , I 'm getting them replaced for the cost of my 2.99 replacement plan . I 'm buying another replacement plan with the new ones ... I do n't care if they break again ... and I expect they will . . I 'm just so happy to have found decent headphones that do n't slip !
 I have an Ipod , but I ca n't fit the ear buds into my ears . They constantly pop out whenever I run or move in any way . The Sony MDR-A35GS2 headphones are great . I 've had 4 pairs , and I 've loved them all . Please do n't think that because I 've had several that they break easily . They are quite durable . The problem has been that my husband keeps stealing mine whenever he steps on his or leaves them on the hood of his car and drives off . They fit nicely in my ear , and they do n't pop out . The sound is crystal clear .
 As stated in a prior review , these are sports headphones . They are not built for superior sound quality , although the sound is more than adequate and may suprise you.They are perfect for what they were intended to be
 I loved these headphones buy unfortunately I broke them . I 'll buy more ! They truly worked as advertised .
 Well it finally happened . After using these for 21/2 years they finally broke . I love these headphones . Great sound for the price . Extremely comfortable for working out .
 I 'm a heavy sweater , and my old yellow Sony sports headphones would get clogged with sweat after 20 minutes of running and stop working . It was very frustrating.I purchased these headphones 3 years ago , and have n't looked back . I no longer have problems with sweat clogging the headphones . I can run for hours with no problems now . These are fantastic headphones , they are light , fold up nicely and water resistant . The sweat guard is the best feature , in my opinion . The design of these headphones channels the sweat coming down the side away from the ear canal and the drivers.Since these are water resistant , they are easy to clean after a workout . I put them under a little running water , then shake dry . The sound quality is good , I do n't think it is fair to expect great sound quality out of a set of SPORTS headphones . Frankly , sound quality is not a big concern when I 'm working out . I 'm worried more about the fit and the headphones actually working when I 'm sweating .
 I got these for my MP3 player to use when I walk daily . the player came with those awful ear buds that do n't fit in my ears . The Sony MDR-A35G sports headphones have a good sound , are light weight and are surprisingly comfortable . I did n't think they looked comfortable the way they stick into your ears but they were . The cord is plenty long . I like they way they fold up making it easy to stick in a pocket or in my car console until my next walk . They did n't completely keep sweat from running in my ears , however , the headphones themselves did n't make me sweat like some do . Over all I am happy with these head phones .
 I bought these for myself last Christmas ... and I love them ! very tiny and inconspicuous . Nice sound quality , as well .
 Great for joggers and runners ! I purchased an mp3 player for distance running -LRB- most players come ill-equipped on the headphones -RRB- , and I complemented the purchase with the Sony S2 Headphones . For serious workouts and outdoor activity
 These headphones have excellent design , construction , and weather resistance . I run at a pace of 10-minute/mile while listening to podcasts and music on my iRiver flash player.If you intend to run with them -- or go any speed above a slow walk , you will hear a constant howling of air past the somewhat aerodynamic side pieces . I even noticed this while walking through my living room . This makes them impossible to listen with . So sit and enjoy , but do n't walk or run .
 I really like these headphones . I have pretty sensitive ears , and lots of bud-style headphones really start to feel uncomfortable to me after 10 or 15 minutes of use . These headphones , however , were comfortable enough to wear for a few hours , without feeling like the buds were trying to bore themselves into my ear canal . Their hinge design also makes them very easy to carry around in a pocket ... more-so than the flex style `` foldable '' headphones which make it feel like your stuffing stuff into an over-full closet whenever you put them somewhere . The hinged design also makes them fairly amendable to having the cord wrapped around them -- which is another thing their flexible counterparts do n't always pull off well . On top of all that , they have pretty good sound quality for their size.However , with the benefits come the costs . I 've owned about 4 or 5 pairs of these -- they do not last . I used them mostly for running , about 3 or 4 times a week on average , and most of them would only last about 4 months . Inevitably , one of two things would happen .1 . The plastic , which is very brittle , would break ... just like the picture depicted above .2 . One of the buds would stop working , resulting in a tendency to drift in the direction of the working bud while running -LRB- for some of us -RRB- . Fortunately , being the hoarder that I am , I saved all the broken pairs . Because I enjoyed everything else about these headphones , I went through the trouble of taking the good ear-buds from a set where one of the buds had already broken off , and affixed them -LRB- Dremel + super glue -RRB- to a set where the ear buds had stopped working . This Frankenstein pair actually ended up lasting years ... suggesting that some of these headphones were using a bad batch of plastic , and some were using a bad batch of speakers or wiring.Anyway , I 'm sad they seem to have stopped producing them . Perhaps I will try the highly ratedSony Ultra Lightweight MDR-W08L Vertical In-The-Ear Headphones , which look like they might have durability/quality issues as well , but are much cheaper .
 I have had these for years . They are great quality for the price.I use these headphones every day to listen to the radio or ipod when walking/running , and computer audio.They fit very comfortably.They do need to be replaced every 3 years or so , but for the price it 's not a big deal .
 it 's just me , i ca n't wear ipod type headphones when i run , they contantly fall out of my ear . the plug type ear buds are not real comfortable when i work up a sweat and they are jammed in my ear . these headphones are low profile and go over my head ` old school ' style and are just right . they also fold for easily putting in my pocket when my run is over . sony has made these earphones very scarce and i do n't know why . there is nothing like them out on the market , at least that i could find .
 Well , I 've had these for over 3 years and I use them running and at the gym 4 times a week and they just finally stopped working in the left ear . I have sweat on them profusely , accidentally yanked them off my head or out of my MP3 player many many times , wrapped them up wet and stuck them in my bag until the next day , dropped them and stepped on them , and they worked great for those 3 years without incident.PROS : - Folding - Decent overall sound - Decent bass - Cheap -LRB- not a huge deal if lost , stolen , or broken -RRB- - Comfortable for someone who ca n't use iPod earbuds - Perfect length cord for waist-mounted MP3 player - Stays secure on the head even during CrossFit workouts and runningCONS : - Cord stays very curly when wrapped around the folded unit overnight - Somewhat flimsy adjustable bandIf you ca n't use ear buds like me , and have a pretty rigorous workout regiment , these fit the bill . I wanted something cheap that would play music and withstand sweat , and stay on my head during lots of movement and these did the job wonderfully . I believe in Sony quality and these did not let me down at all . Great product all together.I will buy another pair .
 This is my third pair of these . The first pair wore out after almost a year of constant use . Lost the second pair , so re-purchased these , as they have great sound , good comfort , and considering the amount of use , are fairly durable . First pair had one of the channels go out , but after a considerable amount of wear & tear . Considering comfort and sound , these are a good buy . Yes there are more durable models , better sounding phones , but you WILL pay much more to get them.Sony MDR-A35G S2 Sports Headphones with Sweat Guard Mechanism
 Clarity and portability make these earphonesthe best on the market . Great for ipods .
 comfortable , stays in my ears , good sound quality , no sweat in my earsI only gave this a 4 , because this is the 2nd pair i 'm buying , however , i think i bought the first pair about 2 or so years ago , and i 'm not exactly always gentle . so these are a good find !
 These headpones are great ! The sound is much clearer than your regular headphones . They 're small enough to fit in your ear and direct the sound forward towards the ear canal . These are great if your a little hard of hearing ... and that 's why I order two !!!
 I 've gone through 4 other sets of phones to find something that will work when running . These finally did the trick . No sweat in the ears , they stay put in your ears and on your head and they get the job done sound-wise . Not great sound quality but the point is to have some tunes while working out . Only drawback would be wind noise because of the bud design . But all you have to do is crank the volume a little and you 're set .
 I could n't find these headphones at any of the big electronic outlets in my area . Apparently , they do n't carry this model anymore . I do n't know why , because these are the BEST ones I 've owned - EVER !!! I run every day and these are the only ones that stay in my ears , let alone the sound quality . I hope that SONY never discontinues this product , I love it !
 Good headphones , use it when working out . Have had it for several months and have had no problems .
 If your a runner , these are the headphones to buy , I bought 4 sets for my buddies and they all love them . Surprisingly durable and the sound is BOSE qaulity ... thank you
 I bought these headphones for my MZ-R55 mini-disc player.What a great buy ! They fit in anything when folded . The practicality of these things is excellent . I do n't think SONY leaves out anything when they come to designing their products.They are even good to have when you are putting your mini-disc player away . You just pop them into the box or carrying pouch , all tucked away out of sight . This helps when you do n't want to always be looking for them everywhere around the room or house.The sound in these little things is amazing . Best level of bass I ever had for replacement headphones of this kind . Mind you , my original pair are fine , but you never know when you will need an extra pair . One last thing . You 'll agree , with the constand folding of these headphones , each time you put them on , they cling to your head more than before . It 's good when you do n't want them falling off your head while listening to a great song.Hope my review helps you .
 These are a good set of headphones . They are ok at everything , great at nothing . Bass , midbass , treble are all average . Where these headphones standout is when working out , especially running.They allow you to hear just enough to make them safe but filter out most of the noise . But comfort is their biggest bonus . Earbud headphones falloff . Wrap-arounds leave your ears red and sore . Closed ear types absorb sweat , and look odd . These are the perfect compromise . They do n't fall out , do n't pinch your ear , and they have a canal for sweat to roll down and out of your ear.Bottom line , if you want library headphones look somewhere else . You want a workout set this is your model .
 I bought these about 6 months ago to replace my old in-ear headphones that I wore only in the gym . My old set -LRB- also Sony -RRB- would always get drops of sweat stuck in them - after that I had to take them off and blow into them forcefully to get the sweat out else they sounded terrible . Becasue of this I liked the idea that these were designed to keep sweat out.Luckily they have a long cord -LRB- about 4 feet -RRB- so that I can put my player in my pocket and not have the cord pull out if I turn my head -LRB- I 'm tall -RRB- . They do n't sound as good as other Sony headphones I 've used , but they sound good enough for the gym . I listen to pretty loud music and they still sound decent at high volume . The sweat stays out of them pretty well - only about three times -LRB- out of over 100 uses -RRB- have they gotten a drop stuck in them -LRB- with the same result - very bad sound until you can get the sweat out -RRB- . Once they had set on my desk for awhile and dried out , they worked same as before.There is a woman who runs on the treadmill next to me who uses the same headphones , and I 've never seen her have any problem with them . I would recommend these as they are worth the price .
 These ` phones are lightweight and comfortable to wear . The sound reproduction is first rate . The shape of the earbuds make it easy to listen in comfort for long stretches of time . And , of course , they fold up compactly .
 On my 4 mile jog this morning I was thinking I should come back and post a great review of how these headphones have worked so well . Then a big drop of sweat landed in my ear and created this popping noise everytime the earphone created a seal in my ear canal and then broke the seal . I had to take the headphones off for the last mile since it was too annoying.This is my third pair of headphones in my quest for the perfect jogging headphones . I 'm starting to think there is not a `` perfect '' set out there . These have come the closest of any . They stay in place which is huge . They sound OK . The sweat was n't a problem until today -LRB- which was my 3rd time jogging with them -RRB- . I guess I needed to point it out since they advertise a sweat guard mechanism . I sweat ALOT , so it does n't surprise me that this feature does n't work quite right . Maybe I sweat inside my ears ?? For the price , I think these headphones are worth the attempt to see if they work for you and your excercise pursuits .
 I have always preferred the vertical in-the-ear style headphones since they were first introduced in the late 80 's . These headphones are very comfortable to wear for several hours at a time . You will barely feel them . That 's great , but how do they sound ? They have excellent frequency response at 10 - 23,000 Hz , and great sensitivity at 108 dB/mW . You will get good bass out of the tiny 16mm drivers . They are also water resistant , so you can wear them while exercising or in the rain . They are designed so the moisture will run down the band and drip off the bottom . I highly recommend these portable -LRB- and foldable -RRB- headphones .
 Best headphones I 've had for running ! Highly recommended for anyone looking for headphones for jogging ...
 These headphones are great for something lightweight and weather resistant . I bought an iPod and simply can not wear the ear buds they come with -- they fall out of my ears even if I am being perfectly still . But I wanted something to be able to wear around no matter what I was doing -- even if I decided to , * gasp * , exercise.So far I have worn these headphones in a lot of situations including shoveling the sidewalk during a snow storm . The do a pretty good job of staying in place and have no issue with moisture.My only complaint , and it is minor , is that since there is n't any padding on them they can create some pressure on your ears . But by shifting their position just a bit on your head you can alleviate that .
 Great for running , biking , etc. . Fold to a size small enough to put in small container . I have had 4 or 5 . I buy them in pairs cause there cheap but fragile . The wire is the weak link so I tape the wire where it exits the buds with elec tape and that helps
 These headphones are perfect for running or working-out as they stay on really well . They are a bit fregile though and I 'm already on my 2nd set as I broke the first one while working out .
 I ordered 3 pair of these because these are the best headphones I have ever used . They are comfortable to wear . One pair the wires came apart and they quit working on one side . I guess I just got a bad pair . But I still like the ones that work .
 I 've tried lots of different headphones for my long runs but these are my favorite . They fit my ears the best , are comfortable and lightweight , and I like how they fold up for compact storage .
 This style of earbud headphone is the only comfortable in-the-ear-phone I 've ever used -LRB- plus they sound good too -RRB- . I find wedging earbuds into my ears just too painful if used for any length of time . These stay lightly in place because of the headband . I understand what people mean about their fragility , but I 'm careful with mine and I 've never broken them . Just be careful .
 I bought these in hopes of better head phones while running because my ear buds just would n't stick in my big ears , they are nice and snug on your head when you apply them too . The design is just great . I 've read that they are delicate so I am trying to be careful when I remove them from my head or place them some where.I rate this product 5 stars !
 I was happy that I was able to purchse this product . I have small ears and all ear buds fall out of them . This unit is just the right size and can fold up into my bag .
 I was recommending these headphones to a co-working when I came across all these reviews about how easily they are breaking . I did n't realize this and I 've been using my pair in the gym for approx . a month now and have not had any problems . They sound great , the sweat mechanism works like a charm , plenty of wire - I would have given them a 5 star review but now I 'm a little concerned about the construction . I guess there 's a tradeoff - you make them robust in construction and now you feel like you are wearing heavy headphones , too light and they break easily . So far though , I am very happy with them - that 's all I know .
 I purchased my first MDR-A35 a few years ago to use at the gym during my transition to small MP3 players . I wanted to use those ever popular ear buds without the headband and I tried many different styles and prices , but always came back to my MDR-A35s . When I got my Nano last year I searched for a reaplacent for the Ipod standard issue . Using some Sarah McLachlan and Si * Se tunes for reference , I set about a serious search . No headphone stayed in my ear or delivered the dynamic range I was used to . I got some nice Bose ear buds for Christmas 07 , but alas they went back to the store as well . My old MDR-A35 stopped working and I went back to the Ipod phones while I started my serch again . My replacement turmed out to be the MDR-A35 . The low impedance makes my Ipod as loud as it can be and the bass never falls away no matter how much I sweat and the price is right . They are not the most comfortable , but I need my tunes clear and loud and these are the best .
 If you are considering buying these headphones you need to understand that they are designed for running or any sport that involves sweating . Their design allows the sweat to drip away from your ear canals . The trade-off is that the sound is not the best ever , but I do n't think you are looking for the best sound ever when you go out jogging . And besides , I find their sound to be very good , even if I 'm not exercising.On their flimsiness , they surely feel flimsy , but I have n't been able to break them after 2.5 years of continued use . I totally recommend them .
 I got these headphones to use with my Ipod Nano while running . I have been using the Ipod ear phones for over a year and finally got fed up with constantly having to reach up and push them back into my ears.The headphones are great ! They are comfortable and sound surprisingly good for the price . What a difference it makes not having to constantly jack with your headphones while running . I hav n't had them long so I can not attest to their durability but I will heed the previous reviewers warning about them breaking . They do look like they could easily break if care is not used . But hey they are only $ 15 .
 I love these headphones . They are made for sports but I just wear them to walk across campus and the like and I love them because they 're really comfortable . They fit well and never slip out , ear-buds simply do n't work on my ears , and these are the next best thing . My favorite thing about these headphones is that there is no music leakage ... meaning , when I am wearing them in public I am not bothering anyone around me with my music . This is very important to me and these are very good at that .
 I 'll be among those who agree that these do n't offer the best sound quality . However , I use them for working out and do n't want to block out all outside noises -LRB- other people , traffic -RRB- . The can be easily removed and hung around the neck and replaced just the same . I hate messing with other types where you have to twist something and then stick it on your ears everytime you want to put them on or back on . The folding feature is nice and I use it all the time .
 i love these headphones ! i have used them exclusively over the past 6 yrs or so to listen to music as i run . they are super lightweight and comfortable . the sound is fine . they stay in place . the length of the cord is fine . i do not have a problem with them when i sweat a lot either . sure they are flimsy and can be prone to break if you are not semi-careful with them . but hey , they are less than $ 20 headphones . I just ordered some more . the last ones i ordered was sept 2007 -LRB- i got 2 pair -RRB- . ordering more now because i have to have a backup pair and wanted to make sure i had them in case something happened to my current ones . i have had the headband snap before when i was n't paying attention as i folded them up . actually my last pair that broke had nothing to do with the quality -LRB- a stupid cat chewed through the cord ! -RRB- . so , i would def . recommend these as sport headphones , i think they are perfect for use when running , etc. sounds are good to me , although i am no audiophile - and seriously , i am so not that picky as i am running my route and sweating my butt off anyway .
 Have used my first pair for running and traveling for about a two years before they crapped out . Have trained for marathons in all conditions with these and only had a little issue with the sound clogging up in a torrential downpour , would expect any headphone to have issues in that condition .
 Hi I had these for 2 years in a zip pouch in my gym bag . Other models such as ear buds and the Sony waterproof model with plastic covers are too large for my ears -- they hurt . I gave them to my husband and daughter . The behind the ear ones fall off and pull and these `` old style '' phones are the only ones I can wear . For the price and the sound quality and comfort it 's a value . As a musician I appreciate the sound range vs light weight . My husband can not believe the sound quality I 'm getting on these cheap lightweights . I 'm wearing them , they are not wearing me . Why am I ordering more ? I lent them to my teenager in the car and she broke them instantly of course . They do work great duct taped , but I 'm buying extra pairs to stash . And I 'm not lending them to anybody !
 I think these headphones are the best for the price on the market . They are very portable and have decent sound quality . They are great for work out headphones but I also use them for travel since they are so small .
 Almost perfect because they have great sound , great fit , stay put during workouts and are easy to carry safely in My Gym Bag . Why Almost then ??? Because for them to be Perfect they would have to have an `` In-Line Volume Control '' . With an In-Line Volume Control You can turn them down so that You can Talk and Listen without taking the Headphones off and You can also adjust the volume without having to take your MP-3 or iPod off your waist and look at it to adjust the volume ... a real pain in the butt actually . P.S.
 I love these Sony MDR headphones . I have had nothing but them for the past 6 years . There is ONE small problem with them - if you expand them too far to open them while putting them on your head , they snap and BREAK ! This is why I keep two pairs on me at all times . Anyway - the sound is fabulous - nice deep rich bass and good and loud , too ! I know it 's trivial to some people , but using ear buds or any other headphones with my iPod while I 'm on the ` L' in Chicago does n't give me enough sound . I need something loud to drown out the noise and these are the only ones that will do the job . SO , if you want great sound -LRB- and do n't mind being careful when opening ! -RRB- get these headphones . They 're marvelous . : -RRB-
 I work out regularly and need to listen to music while I do . Earbuds do n't get it , too much adjusting.I 've gone through a bunch of these earphones , and they are the BEST for active workouts , except for the flimsy temple pieces
 I keep a pair in my car and another in my gym bag . I like the compactness - I carry them in an old case for my glasses . The sound is fine and you can wear them while sweating like a pig and they still manage not to feel disgusting . They are my friend .
 I 've used many types of headphones for workouts -LRB- endurance runs which tend to be long and sweaty -RRB- most eventually stop working temporarily somewhere during the run when the headphone speaker gets wet . The design on these pretty much keeps this from happening . As far as sound quality ... I 'm not an audiophile but they sound good to me , and they are very comfortable .
 after trying in vain to get my ipod earbuds to stay in my ears without hurting , i switched to these folding in-ear headphones . the sound is unbelievable ! the little speaker fits COMFORTABLY inside the ear with no chance of falling out , & you can face it towards the front OR back of your ear equally comfortably . the piece going across your head from ear to ear is so liteweight you wo n't even be aware of it , & if you have bangs , it acts like a hairband to keep your hair out of your face . i personally do n't see how any more expensive headphones could sound any better or be any more comfortable !
 These are the absolute best headphones that I have found for my active lifestyle . Sure , I have to replace them every 3-6 months due to sweat shorting out one of the ears -LRB- usually the left -RRB- , but I still love them . They provide far better quality sound than the other `` sport '' headphones on the market , and I love that they collapse for easy storage and travel . Just know that if you are an active person that when you buy them , you 're going to replace them in a few months , and get over it . Atleast you 'll get to listen to some good tunes along the way !
 These are not sophisticated , but they are well made and will stand up to your abuse in the gym . I 'm not a fan of ear buds that tend to fall out on the treadmill . These will stay in and give more than adequate performance .
 These headphones are phenomonal the give great sound and have a great variety of volume . The acoustics are as if you were hearing it live . The only set of headphones i found to be superior are the type the fits completely over your ears . Although beside that these are durable , well made and are easily stored with its folding capabilities .
 My original review follows . I was obviously very pleased . Unfortunately , my headphones broke in exactly the same way many others ' did -- at the hinge at the top . They were great while they lasted , but I need more than a month or two from a product to feel there 's any value . ------------------------------- Rarely have I been so pleased with a product delivering exactly what it claims . I had been using in-ear buds while exercising , but felt too cut off from the world around me . These headphones sound good , fit comfortably , and have enhanced my exercise experience for a very modest price .
 I use these sweat guard headphones for non-aerobic purposes . They are the perfect compliment to my laptop because the ear buds that came with my computer purchase do n't fit my ears . These headphones are light and durable . I can haul them around with my laptop quite easily . I like that they fold so they do n't get in the way or get broken when I carry them around . They are comfortable in my ears and they do n't smash my hair . I do a lot of writing in cafes so I was surprised how much noise this headset is able to block out . The sound quality is n't bad at all for the price .
 These heradphones are perfect for my gymbag . I like that they fold up . I prefer them to earbuds ... these stay put while I run . Earbuds always fall out on me . The sound quality is much better than cheap , knock-offs .
 These headphones are great so far after the first month of use . They stay on my head and have good sound quality !
 We 're a group of 3 guys who required a sturdy set of headphones for the gym and the A35G S2 series seemed to be the obvious choice . They 're worth every cent spent . However , the left earbud in 2 of the 3 headphones suddenly stopped working last week . . it was as if they were programmed to fail!In sum , I 'd say that this is a very good investment for 6 months or so .
 These headphones are exactly what I was looking for . I was experiencing slippage from sweat of the earbuds that came with my iPod Shuffle that I listen to in the gym . These inexpensive little headphones are just what the doctor ordered . I had a little trouble figuring out which way the headset is supposed to go on at first but quickly figured that out -LRB- aim the speakers into your ear canal ! -RRB- . I highly recommend these for anyone who has sweat issues while listening to music and working out !
 I agree - criticism is really just nickpicking . The sound quality is okay to good , but the point is that one can sweat all over these things with no damage done ! And again for $ 14 what do you expect ?
 These work great ... I have two pairs ... not because they broke , just because they are so convenient . You can fold them in 3 places and pretty much make them so compact you do n't even notice . Plus they go over your head so you can actually hear them as opposed to the Ipod headphones
 These headphones are perfect . They stay put when on and are portable . I do n't think there are any others like this out there ! I do n't like the newer style headphones that wrap around your ear and that keep falling off or take 2 minutes to put on . I like simple and unobtrusive - these are just that . I have several earbud style and other style headphones , but these are the ones I reach for the most .
 The headphones are well worth the $ 20 I paid for them . I expect that as I run with them and expose them to sweat and use , they will eventually break . I have owned 4 pair and have not been disappointed . They are not magical unbreakable headphones , the more you use them the faster they will break . They stay on your head , the sound is good , they are not outrageously priced , and are not big , ugly , or heavy .
 I 've had 2 pairs of these -LRB- one for the office and one for home -RRB- for a couple of years now . My iPod ear buds do n't fit my ears and for me these headphones are very comfortable -LRB- at least enough for a cross-country flight -RRB- . The sound is also excellent for the money . They are by design a bit flimsy , but if you do n't abuse them they should last -LRB- I do n't exercise with them , however -RRB- . I love the fold-up feature which allows me to close them up and stuff them into a pocket when travelling .
 I 've used these headphones for jogging for three years now and have had no problems at all . Very good stereo sound for the money , and if you 're reasonably careful with them , they 'll last forever . If you fold roughly or sit on them in the car , of course they 'll break . But I fold mine every day and keep them in a drawer in between daily jogs , and mine are still going strong . And even if they break now , for $ 15 I would n't hesitate to buy this product again .
 Absolutely amazing sound ; perfect upgrade from - cringe - Bud Earphones . Personally I loath the little things . I 've had these for a good two years and I couldnt be happier with them . They are compact and easy to carry in a purse or pocket.Lately one side has went out ; but the other carries the burden and I almost dont even miss the other side . Though of course this other side is soon to short out . Which I will gladly by the exact pair for this go around.Best headphones I have ever had the pleasure to own . If I could improve them . I would make them cordless if possible.I hope this helps .
 Works great for running - still able to hear traffic but also whatever is playing
 I am so glad that I purchased these headphones ! I was looking for a pair to wear while doing cardio exercise -LRB- eliptical , jogging , roller-blading , etc. . . -RRB- that would stay on my head and let me listen to my music loud enough to block all background noise out & I definitely found them!Not only did they accomplish what I need them too , but as a bonus , they have a sweat guard AND they fold up very conveniently !! I am seriously considering getting a spare pair in case I misplace these from using them so much ...
 You can wear these for hours for private easy listening and not be fatigued by them . Battery life with these earphones are extended also because of the tiny size of the speakers -- but still provides a nice bass sound . The angle at which the earphones enter the ear is a new design and makes for a more natural fit .
 These headphones are really designed for runners . They have strong and light adjustable frame , never slip off , fit nicely , sound is good and the price is right . Unless you have some very special requirements , you ca n't be wrong with buying these phones .
 Based on other reviews , I decided to purchase these headphones for my Ipod Nano . I use them for when I 'm working out at the gym and they work great . As long as the headphones are adjusted at the right angle on your head you will get excellent base response . I just moved the band which goes over the top of the head slightly forward and back until I received good sounding base . They stay in place and are never in the way when I 'm running or lifting .
 This is my 3rd week running with these headphones.Not once have I had these budge even the tiniest amount while I 'm running . They 're comfortable enough that I could wear them all day . Not once have they crackled due to sweat getting in the ear piece.The fold down mechanism is simple to use and they store in my pocket along with my mp3 player when I 'm done running.The cord is long enough that it reachs down to my waist -LRB- where my mp3 player is connected via a belt clip -RRB- with around 5 inches of slack and I 'm 6 ' 4 '' . You might want to use something to tie off the slack if you 're shorter than that.Currently , I 'm just seeing how long these last now . But from my experience , so far , I 'd recommend them to anyone that needed good sports headphones .
 I got tired of re-inserting the little ear buds that came with my mP3 player when I was running . A friend suggested these headphones so I tried them . They work great . They stay put ! If you run into someone on your run , you can simply pull one phone off to talk . They sound great too , now that I 'm not putting them on backwards !
 I 've never found a perfect lightweight headphone but this at least meets my basic needs - acceptable sound , reasonable comfort , stability while running . Also , inexpensive and portable .
 These work great when running . Normal earbud style headphones fall out of my ears after a few miles because I sweat a lot . Regular over-the-head style headphones do n't stay in place . Devices with foam pads do n't last long for me because the foam falls apart quickly . I 've worn these on 15 + mile runs without any problems . They do n't weigh much , which is important to me . And they are easy to store because they fold up . The only improvement I could suggest would be a little clip to keep the cord from flopping around during a run . This is my third pair . I highly recommend these , and will continue to use them .
 You ca n't beat these as workout headphones . Decent sound quality , and they keep the sweat from pooling in your ears.However , as stated here , they do fail after a time . I just ordered two more sets . One for immediate use , and one for when those inevitably fail . But hey , at $ 14 , if they last 6 months , I got my money 's worth , I guess . Still , hopefully Sony will exercise a bit better quality control in the next iteration of the product .
 This is an update to my earlier stellar review of these short lived headphones . Worked great for a short time but the sweat won out . Once the sweat penetrates the earpiece it renders these headphones useless , which in turn damages the speaker i guess.They sounded very good when they did work.YOUR CALL : SWEAT OR NO SWEAT !!!!!
 I am a big fan of these sports headphones . I have small ear openings , and headphones that insert directly into the ear either cause me pain or simply do not stay in , especially if I am exercising on the treadmill . These headphones , conversely , are comfortable and fit snuggly without pain . They are also surprisingly light-weight ; but , I would not describe them as rugged . The headband feels like it could snap very easily , and I try to collapse it very , very carefully , and I keep the headphones -LRB- with my iPod -RRB- in a separate pocket woven into the backpack that I take to the gym .
 I do n't know why these get mediocre reviews here on Amazon . I love mine . They are designed to be sweat resistant and channel drips away from your ears , and this has worked rather well for me.I 've had mine for a couple years and never had a problem with them slipping off during running or any cardio machines at the gym , and they have survived an * astonishing * amount of abuse riding around in my backpack , gymbag , and satchel with no damage ...
 Prompt delivery of itemgood , quality headphonesI am quite pleased and would consider making purchases from this seller again
 so far the sound quality is good , they are comfortable , being wet not a problem , time will tell if wires hold up to long workouts .
 These are the best sports headphones I have found so far for a reasonable price.pros - the fit good and hold on tight even while running sound very good for sports headphones and appear pretty well built.cons - the ear pieces are a little big and after a long workout there is some slight irratation but not to bad.overall great buy but if you have small ears id look for some with smaller ear pieces
 I have been very pleased with the Sony Sports Headphones . The provide amazing sound and keep me motivated to complete my workout .
 They are comfortable , sound great , stay in when running ... after going through several more expensive sets of headphones , these are keepers .
 Great ! Several of my friends have bought these after seeing mine .
 The quality of this item is as high as any of the Sony products I have purchases over the years - excellent .
 I was really surprised by the full and balanced response of these sport headphones . These are a very good alternative to ear buds when working out . Helping with the low end are 16mm drivers using Neodymium magnets . These are way beyond most ear buds and much better than my old Sony sport headphones for bass response . They seem very efficient and are easily driven by my MD player.These also fold into a small bundle that can be wrapped with the cord . They 're water resistant too.If you are frustrated with buzzy ear buds that come loose as you sweat , try these . Well worth $ 20 .
 These are great for working out !! If you sweat at the gym , most of us do , then these are great as they are designed to not let the sweat go in your ears -LRB- which makes it sound like your underwater -RRB- . This still happens every once in a while but definitely a big improvement over past headphones I 've tried ! They also sound great !
 great headphones , exactly what i wanted to replace original set that I had usedso much they needed replacing
 great sound for active sweaty athletes . never clog with water like the older style.stay in place . will buy these forever as long as they are available . sounds great with ipod
 These are the only headphones that stay within my ear while I am running or doing some kind of aerobic activity . I clip the cord to my shirt , but the headphones stay in without a problem . The sound is great , and the design prevents sweat from getting into your ears . I have tried other styles that frankly look cooler than these which look like a bit of a throwback to the 90 's , but nothing else works as well if you are doing anything other than sitting or walking about .
 Even after all these years , its got amazing quality , very comfortable.It is a good portable headphones and the sound clarity is best . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Excellent headphones.When the Sony Walkman Sport first came out I bought one still have it and it works now like the first day I listen to it.I have the original headphones that came with it.I bought these new headphones for a boombox I have at my cottage.Great product good price.recommend highly .
 These headphones are just what I need for my bike rides . They stay in place and the sound is Superbe !! Love it , Love it , Love it !
 Nice product . the right price for quailty . I lose headphone and drop them step on them during my daily runs . so I need to replace them often .
 These headsets are great . The ear buds do n't stay in my ears at all , so I love these . After 1 + year they do stop working due to sweat in the ear piece - I run 5 times a week with them . Love that they fold up .
 nice earphones , but i could n't wear them for very long before my ears started hurting .
 I broke these while at the gym . I could n't believe they broke . The plastic is quite easy to break , which is why I think they make them foldable . I was hanging the headphones on the treadmill , and went to pick them up . They pulled and snapped immediately . Well , these headphones , while not the best to listen to for audio quality , were fantastic to run with . I can run and have enough cord to keep from snagging or pulling on the iPod . That is important !! I do n't care about the sound quality as much due to wanting to hear what 's going on around me if I run on the roads . I do care that they break so easily . Now that I know , I am very careful ! They are light headphones , stay in the ears , and the cord is sufficiently long enough . What do you want for such a cheap price ? -LRB- Earbud style headsets fall out of my ears , and annoy me , which is why I prefer something like this ! -RRB- I rated this a 4 , because I like the headphones , though they do n't profess to be of high quality , they are great for sports . I would have given a 5 rating if the plastic were not so easy to break .
 This is my second pair , I use them for running with my nanopod . I broke the first pair no fault by Sony , very light and good sound .
 Disregard any negative reviews on this product . These headphones are supposed to be used for those who are frequent runners/joggers/walkers and/or those who weight-train . I constantly do both on a day to day basis , and let me say this is a superb product . I sweat more than the average person and have always had problems with headphones because of this . The Sony MDR-A35G 's sweat guard is amazing . I ca n't stress this enough , due to the fact that I 've ruined past headphones in two weeks tops due to my excess amount of sweat . There has n't been any breakup or interference in the sound of these headphones for the past 3 weeks that I 've owned them . They are very comfortable and never get in the way of any of my workout regimen . Whether you 're doing bicep curls , shoulder press , or bench press , the headphones are a great fit and wo n't interfer with your workout . I have nothing but good things to say about these headphones . Like I said in my topic , this product is a must have for the active person .
 I 'm on my third pair . I 'm hooked on these after buying several -LRB- pretty expensive -RRB- earbud style headphones only to have them keep falling out of my ears while running . These wo n't fall out . One minor and one major complaint
 I am a very active runner , and need something that will stay on my head and sound reasonable . I bought these and they lasted well over a year and they worked great ... I am picking up 2 more sets now ...
 i bought this item couple of days ago , the only thing i dont like is the way it hangs on your head and get into your ears which made me uncomfortable , but on the other hand , it gives you a very good sound quality for a very cheap price and once you get used to it , it will become comfortable or at least not annoying .
 Purchased 2 and they both broke in half in only a couple of uses . DO N'T BUY THESE . . YOUR WASTING YOUR $ $ !!!!
 not too bad , but they sort of hurt my ears after hours of exercise .
 I 've used these headphones for quite some time and really like their ability to fold up into a smaller package for carrying .
 This are really cool . I got them for my Nano and I do n't know how I got along without them . They are great .
 I bought these to replace a pair of Sony MDR-A34L headphones , which are the same style , because I have n't found anything nearly as good for the gym . When running , they stay put and are comfortable . I do n't really think the `` sweat guard '' offers any real benefit , and I sweat a lot , but it does n't really do anything bad . The hinges on this one seem to be a little flimsier than on the Sony MDR-A34L , but they have n't broken so I am hoping they hold up .
 They are great I love them great sound and I love that when I am working out I do n't get sweat on them like my last pair they were n't sweat guard ones .
 I 'd now give this product ONE star.This is a rewrite of an earlier review I 'd done . I 'd posted that I really did like these headphones , and was replacing them after they broke . But after the new pair has broken , I just ca n't see paying over and over and over to replace a defective product . They always break at the hinge / telescoping part of the product.Since Koss has an unconditional lifetime warranty on their products , I have switched to Koss Sparkplugs -LRB- US$ 15 -RRB- ... I know of folks who have had Koss products for YEARS and if anything does happen to go wrong , they just exchange the product for a new one . It does n't get easier than that . I 'm done with the Sony headphones .
 I bought these headphones as a gift for my mother for Christmas . She loves them ! I already had a pair and new how excellent they were . We use them for our IPODS when we go walking . I also use them around the house . They are excellent when it comes to a little perspiration . We do not sweat a lot around the ears , so we can not comment on a lot of perspiration . However , they do an excellent job in regards to a little bit of water contact . Other headphones short circuit when they come into water contact , but these hold their own . EXCELLENT product @
 The earphones that I recently ordered arrived quickly . They are clear and work wonderfully.Thank you for selling such a great product .
 I have used these headphones for years and really like them . They are comfortable to wear and do not pop out of your ears . I particularly like that they fold up and can be stored rather easily between workouts . The only drawback is that they are a little fragile so you ca n't be rough with them .
 This is the 2nd pair of these headphones that I have owned . I bought my first pair 3 years ago . I 've tried others , but these are the most comfortable for my ears . Great for running !
 I do n't care if they do n't have perfect sound . I just needed something that would stay in my ears and not get them all sweaty . I ca n't wear earbuds because they do n't stay in . These are great and I 've had them several years now and still love them .
 What a bargain ! - fourteen and change for these excellent fitting and good sounding headphones . So light , I hardly feel them on my head . Most outside noise is blocked out ; helpful at the gym with all the crap music that 's played too loud . These headphones put me in my own little world ; just where I belong while working out .
 These headphones are `` great '' & provide great music playback from my mp3 player . Ecellent quality with a neat feature that allows you to fold them when not in use . I love these headphones and use them often especially during my workout at the gym ! You got ta have these ...
 I ordered a Sonya Headset that I use for the gym . It does the job for me and I like it a great deal .
 ... to find another set of `` over-the-head w / plastic -LRB- not the foam pad -RRB- earpiece '' headphones !!!! Nobody makes these anymore , but they 're the best kind for working out in the gym!They work decent , but if you do get some sweat in your ears -LRB- as I do after sweating enough -RRB- one of the sides speaker will go out . I have to eventually replace my sets about every year . NEVER broke a set , though , so they 're not that delicate as long as you do n't abuse them .
 I bought these earphones specifically to run with . I love them . These are the first earphones I have found that stay put while I run . The sound quality is not great but good enough . I would buy these again .
 Ah , old school . Bought these to replace the ear buds that come standard with iPod nano . I can now stand to listen for over 15 minutes without ear pain ... and exercise too .
 I have had 2 pairs of these headphones over the years . By that , I mean over the past 6 years ! I used my first pair for the longest while and they provided incredible sound quality , excellent bass , and terrific durability . However , I lost those and was forced to go buy another pair about 3 years ago . Same great design , sound , and durability . In fact , the sound on the right ear just went out on that pair which I have used endlessly at the gym and running , but alas , I found my original pair sitting in the attic ! Still sound awesome even after being up in the hot and cold weather for the last 3 years!Sorry for all those who have bought the new cheap design . I was actually looking to buy these headphones again just for a backup but I guess I will be looking elsewhere .
 SUMMARY - Great sports performance , very good sound , a little lacking in durability but still the BEST sports headphones I have come across after trying around 10 different brands.I am on my fourth pair of these headphones so I feel that I am well qualified to write this review . These are great sports headphones . I am not an audiophile but the sound is good and they collapse if you need to carry them in a bag . They stay firmly in your ears during all types of exercise -LRB- running , weights , jumproping , etc. -RRB- and for the most part the sweat guard does keep the sweat out of your ears.However , I can not rate this product 5 stars due to the inconsistent durability -LRB- as reflected in some of the other reviews -RRB- . Each of my first three pairs failed in one ear and eventually the other . If they all lasted more than a year like my first pair I would be 100 % satisfied but one pair lasted only a little more than 4 months . -LRB- 1st pair - 18 months , 2nd pair - 4 months , 3rd pair - 11 months -RRB- . After trying alot of sports headphones alternatives I can say that even with the questionable durability , these are still the best purchase you can make .
 My first pair got stolen , then I bought two more so I will have a backup . I like how they fold , and they do n't get all tangled up like ear buds do . Great for working out in , as they are sweat & water resistant . Good sound & comfy to wear !
 The diaphragm is 16mm . The sound and Bass are very very nice ... you will hear things that you dont normally hear with this headphone.And it doesnt fall out of your ear ... I love it .
 These headphones are just what I need . iPod-style headphones fall out while running , which is why I need the over-the-head style . Also , they keep the sweat out of your ears , the sound quality is pretty decent -LRB- better than the standard iPod headphones -RRB- . On the downside , they are fragile . A set lasts me about 4 months -LRB- more with duct tape ! -RRB- , but I do n't mind paying $ 15 or so for a new set . I just bought two sets to get the free shipping , and I 'm trying to be more careful with them -LRB- do n't bend them outward ! -RRB- . I 'll probably keep buying them so long as I 'm an active runner and so long as they break , and while they still sell them ! For the money , you ca n't get better headphones .
 I 've had these headphones for over a year now , and they were great while it lasted . I bought them to use at the gym since the earphones I had used kept falling out . These headphones were perfect for what I needed it for ; however , today , the right earbud suddenly failed . Guess it 's not just the left earbud that quits .
 The Sony MDR-A35 headphones are a pleasure to use . They 're light enough to not be uncomfortable , and the audio quality is very acceptable . Also , they do n't promote sweating like full-blown headphones and they are comfortable in the ears .
 I no longer have these headphones , I replaced them with the LG tone wireless blue tooth stereo head phones recently .
 I bought these for years , never expecting that they 'd stop making them . If I had known ahead of time that they were going to be taken off the market I would have bought ten pairs!I have tried three new Sony over-the-head `` sports '' style headphones , but none of them come even close to the sound quality these produced . What happened , Sony ? Why did you stop making these ? Why do similar headphones sound like garbage ? What happened ?!?!?? If anyone has found a comparable replacement , please write a review here and tell us . I 'm sure I am not the only one dying to find a GOOD replacement for these fine headphones .
 Note to Sony ... please do not stop making these headphones ! Those annoying earbuds do not fit or work for some people . I adore these headphones when I run or do anything . They never slip and I enjoy my ipod sound so much more .
 These headphones are exactly what they 're billed as
 Recently I acquired a mini ipod for running , but the small headphones that come with it fall out of my ears . The Apple website and store recommend Nike headphones , however , they did not have great customer satisfaction and my friend who owns a pair said that they malfunctioned after a few times . After doing some research , I found the Sony Sports Headphones , and I love them . They are very light and flexible . I have been able to fold them and tuck them in my shorts when I am not using them . I have run with them for 10 to 15 miles at a time , and I am very satisfied . The sound is good , and most importantly , they are very light . For under $ 20 headphones , they are perfect for running and possibly other sports .
 I have owed MANY pairs of Sony Sport head phones , mostly because I am hard on them . These actually do a nice job of keeping the sweat out by their design . The sound is decent , but I only use them for working out . I would buy them again .
 these fold up so compact , they look like a little alien or something ! but it is super convenient to just fold them up . i love that about them . the ear buds fit snug in my ears , and the headphones fit tight around the top of my head . sound is pretty good . it wont blow u away , but they sound great .
 Those headphones are great . Personally , I do n't like earbud-type headphones , so those particular ones were just what I wanted . They do not fall down and you can fold them and put in your purse or pocket when not in use . Oh , and sound is great too .
 I was a little reluctant to buy this updated foldable headset after seeing the reviews about how easily they break but I really needed some for working out . I hate ear buds - they fall out and it is hard to get good sound if they are n't in just right . These stay on my head very well throughout my work out including jogging and weight lifting . The sound is surprisingly good for such a light weight headset . I have had these for over 6 months of daily use now and they have held up just fine . Actually my old pairs of folding headsets were frustrating because the sliding metal they used in the folding mechanism would always come out and was hard to replace . I 'm going to get aqnother pair for a backup but I 've aleady gotten my money 's worht out of the ones I have .
 Very compact and eazy to store . My wife and I each have a set to use with our iPods . Sound is great and the design allows you to still be aware of your surroundings .
 I sweat profusely when exercising , and these headphones hold up to it . I find that they work better for me if I wear a cap or sweatband over them to keep them snugly in my ears . The only problem I 've run into is that sometimes my ear gets so saturated that I ca n't hear anymore , but they 're good to go once everything dries out . I prefer these to the non-folding models both for portability and fit . I do find I have to replace them every 9-15 months but I think that 's because I 'm not very careful to avoid snagging the cord on drawer handles and the like rather than a design flaw .
 These headphones are great to run in , and a little difficult to lift in , but they still work better than any sport headphone i 've ever tried , Con is you can never wear a hat when wearing these working out , they slide right out of your ear
 These headphones are perfect for what they are designed to do . Will they cancel out noise , or provide extra bass , or the sharpest treble ? No . But will they stay on your head , no matter your speed , the wind , or amount of sweat pouring off your skull ? Absolutely . The only problem is that the plastic headband broke after only a few weeks in my gym bag , but I am marking that up to random chance . I 've already got a second pair on order to replace the first . After running with buds , over-the-ear curled headphones , and other top-of-the-head sets , I can honestly say that these are the best pair I 've ever run with .
 First , if you 're a fanatic about sound quality - you 'll be disappointed . These are n't BOSE -LRB- although , personally , I think BOSE is highly overrated . -RRB- But for what they are - SPORTS HEADPHONES - they 're awesome . Comfortable , easy to use . Sound is just fine for a three-mile run - They stay put , and do n't have those annoying little stretchy covers . I would buy them again in a minute !
 I have had these headphones for over a year and use them mainly for jogging/running , usually 4x/week and at least 15-20 miles per week . I like the fact that they are water resistant . The sound quality was good for the price but not great -LRB- but who needs great while exercising anyway -RRB- . Comfort is great and these are one of the few in-ear headphones that have n't given me headaches after hours of use.The only reason I do n't rate them 5 stars is the weather finally caught up to them . After running multiples times in rain , humid weather , etc. one side has finally gone bad -LRB- left -RRB- . I can still use them but the sound from the left side is very faint.I will purchase the same type again but am looking for slightly better sound quality . But who knows , over one year of getting rained and sweated on is n't a bad track record for a pair of $ 20 headphones .
 My credentials
 I bought these for $ 20 , -LRB- good price for these -RRB- , and dont regret it at all . They are light and stay on your head very well . I was on a trampoline doning flips and they stood on perfectly . They are also very comfortable . They stay in play and dont move in your ear so the plastic wont rubb against your ear . They sound great too . I had sony MDR-EX51LP 's -LRB- more expensive -RRB- and i like these alot better . Base does n't overtake the sound , vocals sound perfect , and background is great too ! So for 20 bucks , these are the best you will get !!
 I am so glad that I purchased these headphones ! I was looking for a pair to wear while doing cardio exercise -LRB- eliptical , jogging , roller-blading , etc. . . -RRB- that would stay on my head and let me listen to my music loud enough to block all background noise out & I definitely found them!Not only did they accomplish what I need them too , but as a bonus , they have a sweat guard AND they fold up very conveniently !! I am seriously considering getting a spare pair in case I misplace these from using them so much ...
 I used another person 's review when I purchased these and they were exactly correct . I plugged these things into my iPod and took off . They stayed on my head the whole time . The sweat did n't phase them and the sound quality was quite good . If you 're looking for a great sounding pair of headphones these probably wo n't fit the bill ; however , if you 're looking for a pair of headphones that sound good , stay on your head and do n't get clogged with sweat than these are for you .
 The best sports headphones I 've owned . They 're comfortable , durable , sweat doesnt ' interfere with the sound , portable , sound quality is great and they cost $ 14 .
 So the saying goes `` good design goes to heaven ; bad design goes everywhere '' ... I now understand why everyone has those aweful ear buds.These over-the-head headphones are fabulous . They stay put , are lightweight , are foldable , and even after miles of running , my ears are dry and the sound still clear.I 've had them for about a month now , and have n't had one complaint yet . They 're worth every penny .
 I had this same product before and unfortunately left them on a plane . They fit well , block out other sounds effectively , and are easy to carry .
 These are the best earphones for exercising because they stay in my ears ! The price is great and they are sooo much better than all the ones that come with MP3 players .
 These are awesome ! Perfect for running or exercising . They will not fall out . I love these ! And the sound quality is good too!I also own the sony earphones that wrap around your ears , but these are not as good because they will fall out whiile you are runnning/exercising .
 Not a review . Just wanted to put it out there that these headphones are iPhone compatible .
 This is the 2nd pair of Sony Headphone I have purchased . I recentally purchased a Zune mp3/video player and wanted a pair that would fit.I hate the ear buds as they seem to fall off and do n't fit well.I will buy another pair or two if need , these are great .
 I had one of these and I broke it . I had purchased it at Best Buy . When I ordered thru Amazon I got two for the price I paid at Best Buy . Besides the price you will love these headphones . All I can say is they sound great and they are so light you can hardly feel them .
 The original headphones broke from my Sony Walkman -- kinda hymned and hawed as to what I wanted ... Well , these are a keeper ! they are very comfortable -- the sound is A1 and I also like the feature of compacting them for easy storage .
 This is my 3rd pair of headphones for my Ipod shuffle , and I 'm sticking with them . After reading the other reviews , I realized keeping my headphones staying in my ears is more important than sound quality for the 30 or so minutes I 'm on the treadmill . These DO NOT MOVE OFF MY HEAD . My boyfriend mentioned that they looked uncomfortable , but they 're not . The headband is adjustable , and the ear pieces sit right against the inside of your ear . It 's so nice to not have to worry about them slipping out from sweat , which I do profusely . As for the sound ? Ug . Bass is pretty bad . BUT I 'll sacrifice sound quality for staying power this go round . Save the ear buds that came with the ipod for the plane trips .
 This echoes a little of what has been said before , but simply put these headphones deliver exactly as promised . They have fine sound quality , are relatively inexpensive , and , most importantly , they stay in place on your head . I go jogging with these and I 'll go the whole time without adjusting them once . Sure , there are far better sounding headphones out there , and I would never recommend these for long term use -LRB- they hug your head and ears tightly so they can get uncomfortable after an hour or more -RRB- . But for anyone who needs to jog , row , lift , or whatever , these are an excellent choice .
 I use this for jogging . The sound quality is fine . Best part is the fact that I do n't have to worry about them falling out as I did with numerous other headphones . Definitely worth the price .
 The sound is very good for easy listening . The set fits well and is very comfortable , even when lying down . The volume range is limited and if you have to listen out for the young children its a really good fit as it does n't drown out background noise very well .
 I purchased these headphones specifically for use in the gym . I have not been disappointed . They remain in place in spite of running / weights . They have very good sound and are even comfortable on this bald guy 's head !
 It works very reliably for my Sunpak Super 383 Flash as long as it can ` see ' the triggering flash light . I am quite satisfied with this product .
 I am going to have a hard time writing 20 words because these things are some simple and they do what they say . They are plug and play and work as advertised . I could recommend these inexpensive things without a second though .
 I ordered this from Adorama in December 2008 . I use it directly on a Vivitar 285HV . It has worked flawlessly from day 1 .
 I have done lots of research trying to make the scenario work . Just got the peanut today and attached to Vivitar . It magically works ! Fired 10 plus shot so far , have n't missed one . Will see how reliable this thing is .
 Is a really good product , is good to protect the camera against scratches ... but not really good protection against impact , but that is ok ... . what I dont like is the cover . . dont close too well .
 What an excellent GPS . It 's mount holds the palm quite well and it tracks the satellites quickly -LRB- as short as 15 seconds -RRB- . The software could use a few tweaks . But all in all it is easy to use . The quality of the hardware is outstanding and it comes with everything . The car power adapter , the windshield mount and the charger are included . The maps do n't take up too much space on the palm . And I like the feature where you can select what items of intrest you want to store on your map . -LRB- Banks , Resturants , Hotels , Hospitals Etc. -RRB- It helps to keep the maps small.If you have a Palm and you travel get a Navman it 's a bargan !
 The 3Com OfficeConnect line are a bit pricier that the comparable Linksys and Netgear products , but they are so reliable as to justify the modest difference in price . This is a simple hub , so there 's not a whole lot to say except that it works properly right out of the box , with no configuration required . I 've used the OfficeConnect line for years -- they 're always good .
 I recently purchased this frame as a birthday gift . I plugged it in to put a flash card that I had loaded with photo 's and was amazed at how great the mosiac view was ! I LOVE the fact that the pictures rotate in and around the frame ! I watched the silly thing for almost an hour and then decided to buy myself one!As the owner of one myself , I have replaced the previous photo frame on my desk at work and I ca n't begin to tell you how cool it is to look over and get to see up to 4 of my photo 's at a time.The quality of the photo 's displayed is great . I have nicer photo quality on the frame then on my monitor at work . The frame is a dull black so there is no shine reflected off it so all you focus on is the photo 's inside it . It does come with another frame but I 've never used it . I agree that there should be a little more ability to set the speed/type of display but in the mosaic view it 's not like the photo 's zip off the screen , they do stay until the others rotate off and the variety more than makes up for not being able to control the speed . I love the fact that photo 's are displayed 2 , 3 or 4 at a time and the transition in on each photo also changes.Now I will give you the fact that if you have photo 's with lots of space around them and a tiny little person -LRB- s -RRB- in the middle , they will appear small in the 3 and 4 photo view . I found that cutting the picture down and eliminating the junk around it that I was n't interested in made a HUGE difference in the photo 's being displayed . The picture quality is great so even the smaller photo 's show up nice and clear ! And what a treat to see my photo 's displayed in groupings instead of 1 at a time ! It 's like looking at a wall of photo 's arranged by a professional instead of a single shot . Would happily buy this again for myself and for others!As a side note , the birthday gift of the frame was a huge hit and they also love the mosiac view : -RRB-
 The manual is pretty short but it 's not hard to figure out how to use it . Good crisp images . Lots of memory expansion options . The unit comes with 128MB of internal memory but I had problems with that . The easiest thing for me is to use a regular USB flashdrive to store the images - the frame accepts that and plays the images smoothly right off the flashdrive . This unit has shuffle mode , which I think is a necessity . Nice size and seems to be fairly well made . We bought two of them for Mother 's Day and we 've had them burning in for a couple of weeks with no problems , so they appear to be reliable . Basically , a very good value .
 I purchased two of these to give as Christmas presents to my parents and in-laws -LRB- all in their 60s -RRB- . After reading many reviews for digital frames for various brands , I was afraid of potential crashing and/or freezing of the pictures . I am happy to say that I had absolutely no trouble with these frames . I downloaded about 200 jpg images from my Kodak Easy Share software , through a card reader , and onto 1GB SD cards . Those cards and that number of photos were no problem for the frame . Nothing crashed and all of the features of the frame worked . This frame can show one photo at a time , a slide show -LRB- with different timing options -RRB- , or a mosaic slide show -LRB- with different timing options -RRB- . The mosaic view is a fun option not available on many other frames . There are also different options for transitioning between pictures . The photo image quality is good . This frame has no remote control , but I do n't see that as a problem . It is controlled by a few buttons on the back of the frame . After reading over the short instruction booklet and playing with the buttons for a few minutes , I had no trouble operating the frame . I do n't anticipate that my parents or in-laws will either , because it just is n't that complicated . The black frame is real wood and looks decent in person . It should fit with most decor . The only thing I do n't like about this product is that it does n't offer different styles of frames . The black is practical and nice , but some people might prefer another look .
 I purchased two of these digital frames . One I gave to my daughter and son-in-law after loading a San Disk with pictures taken at their wedding by friends and relatives with digital cameras . We will add honeymoon pics later . They 're thrilled . I had no problem accessing the menu or changing settings . The second frame is for my use . After scanning and photoshopping very old pictures inherited from my parents , I 'll drop them on a 2G San Disk and enjoy the display of my family 's history . Certainly better than stuffing them in an album that never gets opened . I would highly recommend this frame . The images are clear and bright .
 I bought this frame for my parents for Christmas . The high resolution makes pictures look great . I used my existing mini-USB that came with my digital camera , and easily `` drag and dropped '' pictures from my Mac via iphoto right on to the frame 's internal memory in an instant . I think my `` technically challenged '' parents should be able to manage adding and deleting pictures on their own . The button menus/functions are also pretty self explanatory . Overall , I think this frame is exactally what I was looking for , and pretty great for the price .
 Bought this over 5 years ago . Still works . Love it . It was not the most expensive model and I had no idea this would work so well . Very happy
 This is a great frame ! It has the best resolution of any frame that I looked at in its price range and is easy to use . Photos are crisp and clear . It has been a great gift for my husband - he keeps it on his desk in the office and has it running all day with no problems . It has a lot of internal memory and several other options for storing photos -LRB- SD card , flash drive -RRB- . I bought a micro drive -LRB- mini flash drive -RRB- that makes things easy - when my husband wants new pictures , he brings home the flash drive , I copy photos to it , and he plugs it back in . And the micro drive is small enough that it does n't stick out past the side of the frame - hides in the back perfectly .
 Pros = Good Quality , Kodak looked better , but really not much . Good Price . USB did n't work off a hub , but fine off a main port on the pc . Interface is good , but not great.Cons = Video with no audio . Looks like speakers but no noise . Others have audio since they support mp3s too.Overall quality 4 stars , 5 would be slightly better resolution and audio with videos.For stills only , 5 stars ...
 After much research I purchased this frame for my son . He has about 300 honeymoon pictures and I wanted to give him a way to show them off without having to resort to a slideshow on the TV . He LOVED this frame . He does all the downloading and programming on his computer so that he does n't have to deal with the small buttons on the frame or a remote . He said he had to hang it on the wall since the sofa table made it hard to see the pictures because of the height , angle and nature of LCD pictures . The 8 '' picture view was recommended because otherwise it was very difficult to see pictures taken on a higher pixel digital camera and I must say these pictures are very clear . My son turns off the frame at night because he said you really need to just leave it on max brightness to clearly see pictures .
 Resolution on this is much nicer than most comparably-priced models . Relatively easy to set up , although the directions could have been more detailed . Nice selection of customizable features like slide transitions , mosaic , etc. . A good value for the price .
 I just returned Sony DPF-D70 - it was a bit smaller than Westinghouse , offered 256MB of internal memory , has a remote , and was sleek/black/glossy . BUT - good ol' Sony and their custom drivers . The 256MB internal memory is n't any good when they clamp down at 170 pictures - I had over 200MB free , but could not upload any more to the frame . An inane conversation with a Sony clueless zombie-tech ensued . I returned that frame and got Westinghouse DPF-804 instead . Beats the pants off the Sony model . Even tho it has 1/2 the internal memory , it handled all 370 pix I uploaded with no problem -LRB- all resized with ImageMagick script -RRB- . The Mosaic feature with 4-up is very cool . This is the first -LRB- well , yeah , the second -RRB- digital frame I 've owned , but still think it is great item for the price . Highly recommended .
 Over the past two years I 've tried several different brands of digital frames and sent them back . Their picture quality was terrible even though they cost more than the Westinghouse . The quality on this Westinghouse is about as good as computer screen although the image is of course smaller . The unit is very easy to use including the interface . It handles just about any memory storage device . Just plug the memory in and off the frame goes . No coversion necessary . Of course like most of these frames it does n't do a good job if there is a mix of landscape and portrait orientations . But if you run the unit in landscape orientation you can of course always edit and crop your portrait pictures using your computer and then download them . Similarly if most of your pictures are in portrait mode you can turn the frame , and edit/crop the landscape pictures before you load them on the frame .
 the photo quality on this is incredible !!!!!! i got this as gift for a friend ... . and now i am going to have to get one for myself ... !!
 I bought this product after researching similar products . Easy to use , many options , clear picture . I wish it had rechargable batteries .
 We have owned this digital picture frame for several years now and it is still working great.No problems here .
 Rec 'd product quickly . Some of the photos came out kinda fuzzy but that coulda been from our crappy scanner . All in all was happy with the product .
 I bought this frame because it was a high resolution 4:3 ratio display at a great price . My first recommendation to anyone is NOT to get a widescreen -LRB- 16:9 -RRB- frame . Most digital camera pictures are in a 4:3 and this frame shows them without stretching or cropping them . There are a lot of options , but I simply like a frame to show a picture slideshow and this does it very nicely .
 Bought this for my mother . She loved it.The 4 pictures at a time mode is great.the shipment was very timely , and the price is right .
 About a year ago , I bought one of the larger Westinghouse digital frames as a gift for my wife , and she loves it . So this year I bought the 8-inch version as a Christmas gift for my aunt . Definitely a big hit with her , too!On both the 8 '' and 14 '' units , color is crisp and resolution is exceptionally good , unlike some of the no-name products I looked at . Backlight is strong enough for viewing in all but direct sunlight.Best features are :1 . the Mosaic-View , which allows you to set up many effects/transitions between pictures , as well as `` tiling '' multiple images on the screen at once2 . The variety of external memory types it supports - everything from the original CF chips right up through Ultra-SD and USB sticksAll in all , a great product and a reasonable price !
 Worked right out of the box . . Just read the instructions and set it up the way you want . Not very difficult . Resolution is GREAT at 800 X 600 . . PICTURES LOOK GREAT . I shut mosiac mode off and ran a random slide show with 5 second delay , with over a thousand pictures . Down loaded pictures onto a 2 gig usb stick . Pluged frame into the outlet that has a lamp and is controled from the light switch . When you shut the light off at night the picture frame goes off aswell . Switch back on and the display boots up and run the slide show ... SIMPLE AND LOVE IT !
 This was a gift and they have truly enjoyed it . It arrived as advertised and at a great price .
 -LSB- September 2007 -RSB- Good : - Bright high-resolution display . -LRB- Watch out for the DPF-0801 , lower resolution and less internal memory . -RRB- - MosaicView is occasionally nice , though we do n't usually use it . With it , you get a new picture every few seconds but any given picture stays displayed for 4x as long . - It hung when I had a 0-length JPEG file , but otherwise has been 100 % reliable for displaying stills.Bad : - Does not include a USB cable to connect it to a computer . - When I tried connecting it to a computer , the connection was unreliable . However , I was n't planning to use the internal memory anyway , so I did n't try to figure out where the problem was - could have been the frame , the computer , or the cable . I use pictures on memory cards . - Memory Stick protrudes past the right edge of the frame . SD is better . - If you have many pictures and want to select a particular one to display , it 's tedious to get to it . - Documentation is a bit unclear on how to get to the menu . In particular , you ca n't get to the menu while a slide show is running . You have to stop the slide show by clicking the menu button , and * then * press-and-hold the menu button to get to the menu.Comments : - Remember this is only a 0.5 megapixel display , so shrink your photos down to match . They 'll only be about 64K with moderate compression , and you can fit an awful lot of those on a modest memory card . Improves performance too . - It has a number of transition modes , but the only one I like is dissolve . Surprisingly , it does n't have any simple wipes or `` scroll-in '' transitions.Wish list : - Audio would be fun , though I 'm not sure I 'd actually use it . - Display captions , timestamps , et cetera . - Automatic brightness based on room lighting . -LRB- We just keep our at max bright all the time , but that does light up the room when it 's dark . -RRB- - A WiFi connection would be awfully nice . - Have a mode where MosaicView occasionally displays a picture using the full screen . -LRB- It already displays `` favorites '' full screen , but I mean something more random , where any picture might be full screen . -RRB- - Frame can be physically displayed either in landscape or portrait , but the UI is landscape and that 's the orientation it displays the pictures . There should be a portrait mode where it displays the UI and pictures in that orientation . You could work around this by manually rotating the pictures , but that would be tedious.Haven ' t tried : - Video - xD , Compact Flash , USB drive -LSB- August 2009 -RSB- I bought a half-dozen of these for Christmas presents in ' 07 . Of those , two have failed after 18 months or so - powers on to a blank screen , then sometimes to a screen with vertical bands and/or a distorted version of the Westinghouse logo . I 'm quite disappointed .
 Westinghouse DPF-0802800x600pixels , USB/miniUSB to 128MB internal , all common cards , 63/8 '' x 43/4 '' display area -LRB- 8 '' diagonal -RRB- , 10 '' x 83/8 '' outer frame dimensions -LRB- measured -RRB- . No extra border between lcd and frame - nice.Retains last setting after being unplugged -LRB- checked up to 24 hours -RRB- . Nice display quality.Outer frame is quite nondescript , a plus as it does not compete with images . Does not look ` cheap ' or flimsy , some others do.Whining sound is a non-issue . -- Professionally , I 'm an imaging scientist -LRB- not kidding , we really exist -RRB- , so choosing this model took a fair bit of time thanks to the relatively difficult process of finding any technical description of the photo frames currently on the market , or even accurate general descriptions for that matter . Then there is the issue that most of these are not available to see in a store.The goal : . . to find a frame for my grandparents , who are not computer savvy , or even own one for that matter . It would be best if , after setting it up and shipping it to them , that all they had to do was plug it in and turn it on . This model seems to satisfy that requirement.Even with the ` mere ' 128MB internal memory it 'll hold over 800 pics -LRB- your mileage will vary -RRB- that have been scaled to 800x600pix in a good quality jpeg format.I 've asked the rest of the family to send pics to be included and doubt I 'll run out of space . -LRB- I did buy a 1GB SD card just in case -RRB- Of the 20 + frames I sorted through this was one of a handful that did not seem to hide critical specs in its description . The worst offenders were ones with an 8 '' , or even 10 '' ! , diagonal display size yet the resolution was 480x324pix . Beware ` bargains ' and watch those model numbers.Others of interest in this price range : Pandigital PAN 803-BC - which * may * be the same core as this one . . ??? Catronics PF080-bSmartParts SP8EM or SP8MIX - ?? only dif is frame ?? Whining : Someone complained about a whining noise . Yes , it is there , but only when you have the display at less than maximum brightness . -LRB- it 's the voltage regulator -LRB- stepper , divider , whatever -RRB- for the light source -RRB- If you 've ever heard someone 's hearing aid start to squeal , when you 're across the room , this sound is somewhat softer.I see no reason to ever have the display at anything other than max brightness , so this is a non-issue for me.Sound : Do n't overlook the fact that this unit has no sound . Just a reminder . It plays the low-res -LRB- 640x480 -RRB- videos my still camera takes just fine , sans sound . I have yet to see if the slide show can go through a mix of pics and vids.Contrast : In preparing pics for the frame it turned out to be helpful to give the pics a slight bias . Shadows lost a little detail if the min value in a pic was zero . This is not unexpected , is very minor , and is easy to tweak in the batch processing . These are not calibrated displays , yours may well differ.Color depth : I found no spec for this but , after testing , believe it to be roughly 16bit . Power supply : Yes -LRB- ! -RRB- this unit has a Level IV power efficiency adapter . There are still a few electronic gadgets out there that were actually manufactured long ago enough to still come with the old , heavy , transformer-based wall wart . -LRB- my ISP just sent me a new router with one , grrrr -RRB- Resizing : In an initial test I took a few quick pics at the lowest resolution of my camera , 1600x1200pix . Note that this is a simple factor of two in each dimension as compared to the frame . Take the card out of the camera , put it in the frame , turn it on , bingo - you 'll get a slideshow.One tiny annoyance - the resampling was definitely aliased . Others did n't notice , my family wo n't notice , but some of you may . Foregoing the details , this particular case -LRB- factor of a power of 2 -RRB- is about as computationally simple as can be to reach an anti-aliased solution . Yet it does n't . So , if you 're picky , do all the resizing on a computer ... GIMP with `` David 's Batch Processor '' -LRB- not me -RRB- is nice , free , and open source ; many of the image management tools will likely also do a nice job - Picajet , Picasa , etc. ; and for us geek 's there 's always ImageMagick , IDL , pdl , Matlab , & _ your fave here _ . Hope this helped.I 'm not the gadget type , but I 'm fairly excited to give my 92yo grandparents a dynamic reminder of friends and family spanning their lives ... including pics of their parents from over a century ago !
 This is a bit more in price than some of the smaller frames , but this one is outstanding in quality . Again , it has the standard multi-media card reader , MP3/MPEG playback , and 128mb internal memory -LRB- model 801 westinghouse has only 8mb -RRB- . But the greatest feature of this model is the 800x600 pixel quality high resolution screen , which is even better than the 10 inch frame by westinghouse -LRB- 800x480 -RRB- . Hard to beat quality for about $ 60 more than standard 7 '' frames with 480x234 quality . This frame also features the mosaic view -LRB- 4 pictures side by side rotating -RRB- , which is great looking on the high resolution . Check this one out , worth the investment .
 Those of us who have had slide shows on our computer monitors or pictures in our cell phones may consider the digital picture frame mundane . The Westinghouse 8-Inch LCD Digital Photo Frame was amazingly easy to set up for anyone who has even basic computer skills . However , I recently purchased this for my mother-in-law , who has never even held a computer mouse in her hand . And she absolutely appreciates a gift that provides her years of memories that flash before her all day long . This is the best gift you can give anyone you love.The internal memory on these devices is small , so I purchased a 2GB memory card that inserts into the card slot on the back of the digital frame , and I loaded it with many more images . I called several family members and asked them to provide digital images that they had scanned from old family albums as well as new images they had taken with their digital cameras . Once I got all of the images together , I resized them so they were all 72dpi and the same height . This way I was able to fit almost 100 images on the memory card . The model I purchased would also play video and audio , but I decided to fill it with still images set on `` random slide show . `` The presentation of this gift was everything . Instead of wrapping the digital frame in the box it came in , which looked like a computer peripheral , I wrapped it with lots of colorful tissue in a regular gift box . I had a long extension cord plugged so when she opened it , I reached in I plugged it in and told her to slide the button on the back to `` on . '' She was in awe , as was the rest of the family who had not seen a digital frame in action.The digital frame is one of the coolest , most accessible and most affordable home electronics products , and I think would be great on just about anyone 's holiday gift-giving list . Take the extra time and load a card with images , and this gift will pay off for a long time . I am giving you a heads up now because it takes time to gather all of those images and put them together.Cindy Davis , Editor-in-ChiefElectronic House magazinehttps://www.electronichouse.comcdavis@ehpub.com
 I am very satisfied with this frame . Please note that it is the new 0802 model and not 0801 . I put a variety of photos on it , from either a scanner or digital camera . I used the CompactFlash slot , and also tried it with the USB slot . Both worked fine , although the USB is visible from the front . A micro USB drive might look better.I put 378 photos on it . At first the frame would freeze up after random times . I finally realized -LRB- when I took it off random shuffle -RRB- that it was stopping on the same picture . It turns out that the frame can be a little fussy about the files . With 378 photos , there were four I had to delete because the frame froze at those photos . It was time consuming to figure out which ones they were . I believe this is a common problem with many frames . Once I removed those photos , it worked flawlessly.I am not sure what order it uses when not on random shuffle . It is definately not alphbetical . It might be by file creation date . I created several folders with decades for names -LRB- 1990 , 2000 , etc. -RRB- Within the photos were numbered file like 1991-203.jpg , 1991-231.jpg , etc. . Since I scanned them mostly in that order , it played about 70 % in that order . But every so often would jump to a different decade . And my 1900 decade played last -LRB- I scanned it last -RRB- . If this is a concern , you may need to open each file on your computer and save it in the order you want it to display.Before purchasing , decide what memory card you will use . You may need to also purchase a memory card reader . You can hook the frame up to a computer , but it only writes to internal RAM , not to a card . I also tried writing to the card through my camera , but that did not work either . If you plan to change photos frequently and just use the internal RAM , then this is n't an issue .
 I bought this for my wife for Mother 's Day . It 's a good looking frame with excellent resolution . It 's very easy to use and produces a nice slideshow automatically -- or it can be tweaked to user preference . The `` MosaicViewTM '' is interesting , but it makes some of the pictures appear a bit small on this 8-inch screen . The slideshow feature has a nice random mode and you can choose the transition type or set it to show random transitions . I 'd give it 5 stars except that my frame makes all red colors look orange -- and there 's no way to adjust the color .
 I am very happy with my purchase of the 8 inch model . The 800x600 display is very clear . I was able to load 5500 photos onto a 1gb xd card by utilizing a multi-image utility to resize all the files to 800x600 . You do have to make sure that no uncompatible photos -LRB- I had a single bmp image slip -RRB- get onto the card . If so , the device will hang . Great value.Grandma will love this as a gift .
 I bought this frame as a Christmas present for my mother , and I made sure to order it early so I 'd have time to put together some pictures and make sure everything worked before giving it to her . I read a LOT of reviews and decided this Westinghouse 8-Inch would be the best choice in the price range I wanted to be in . To make a long story short , I think I definitely made the right choice and I do highly recommend this frame unless you absolutely have to have some of the features that come on the higher-priced frames.The good
 Westinghouse 8-Inch LCD Digital Photo FrameI have owned this frame since Last year and enjoy it very much !!! I use the mosiac feature and love the 4 pictures it displays every couple of seconds !!! The only problem I had was it hung up when I added 50 new pictures . I checked and found one of the new pictures I added was in BMP format.It seems to work best with pictures in JPG format !! I deleted that 1 BMP picture and it is working great once again without hanging up !!!! Very nice for the price so I bought another one for my son !!!!!
 It 's hard to separate the pictures in portrait from landscape orientation . So I suggest to rotate all the portrait pictures back to landscape and store all of them into the built-in memory . All the rest landscape pictures are stored in the external SD or CF. Then you only need to change the storage media to get portrait or landscape pictures and no more worry about the black bar . Since the internal memory has 128mb limit , the number of total portrait pictures could not exceed 800 around .
 I just got this today . It 'll be a gift for my mom . To test it out , I put some pictures in a SD card and insert it in the slot . I did n't pick up the SD card in the beginning and I thought something was wrong . I moved the SD card and pushed it in a little and it worked . The Color is very vibrate compared to the PanDigital one my nephew got . The 4 pictures mosiac is a nice feature and you can choose to display it with one picture at time if you prefer . It plays video too but no sound . The only thing I wish it has is volume to the videos . Otherwise , I 'm happy with it for now .
 Very impressed with this frame after reviewing many others both in-person and online . The quality of the screen is very pleasant , the high-res -LRB- 800x600 -RRB- compared to other frames , the simple but classy frame itself , and the price made this an easy pick . We bought these for both sets of grandparents and for our own home . Highly recommended . Combine it with some $ 8 1GB SD cards that can hold over 10,000 pictures at 800x600 and you 've got an amazing setup .
 The most distinctive feature that set this frame apart from others is the LCD Resolution . There are tons of frames avalable but the resolution vs price is still unmatched . I got 2 , gifted one and bought one for myself.Cons
 This item was purchased as a gift , it seemed to have alot of good qualities . I only wish for the amount of money charged that they would make the frames more elegant . The receivers seemed to enjoy recieving the picture frame .
 I read all the reviews before purchasing and I agree with what most had to say about this product . There is no perfect digital frame at this price . The picture quality is amazing compared to some other frames . I wish it had a remote and the buttons are a little touchy as far as how long to hold them . So it took me a few tries to maneuver through the menus . The mosaic view was not my style . Overall I was happy enough to purchase a second one as a gift .
 This is a reveiw of the Westinghouse 8 '' DPF-0802 Digital Picture FrameThis is a great little frame . It looks very elegent on the counter or the wall , the picture quality is far above anything else in this price range , and it is fairly easy to use.The manual to this frame is pretty much useless . You just have to play with the buttons until you get the hang of it . Once you figure it out , it 's simple . This frame comes with the mosaic setting as the default . It 's a pretty neat concept , but with only 8 '' of space to work with , it 's kind of hard to see 4 pictures at once . I turned it off.I loaded about 50 pix for starters just to try it out . Put my SD card in the machine , turned it on , and away it went . Once I got the mosaic turned off , the random turned on , and the timing right -LRB- took about 5 minutes -RRB- it kept those settings even after being turned off , unplugged , and the card removed . It turned my portrait pix the proper way with no programing , and the random goes through all the pix before starting over , but they do n't show up in the same order on subsequent rounds.I have n't done much playing with any of the other settings so ca n't vouch for that , but for the intended purpose -LRB- helping grandma in florida keep up to date on grandkids -RRB- , it is absolutely perfect.This frame is very versitile when it comes to accepting media . I have only used the SD slot , but it can also take a USB flash drive . The flash does stick out past the frame which is a little disappointing.The only reason for the rating of 4 instead of 5 is the instruction manual . If I was going to try and use any of the more advanced features I could forsee it being very frustrating.All in all I would definately recommend this frame to anyone looking for a good quality frame .
 This is a great wireless access point that can act as a bridge , and I was hard pressed to find a decent comparable product . I have this unit connected to my DirecTV HD receiver and it has worked flawlessly as a bridge using WPA2 security for several months now.However , I am a software engineer with some experience setting up networks , and even I found the configuration to be `` challenging '' . The options presented are definitely non-intuitive . Fortunately , you only have to configure it once , and then it is basically maintenance free .
 I read all the reviews about this product before I bought it . I already knew that the setup was going to be difficult . When I received it , I found out the insallation was impossible . With the directions they give you , you have to be a computer geek or proficient at dialing customer service . I gave it 10 minutes and I called for help . They were excellent with walking me through the installation . From what the service person walked me through , I knew I would have never been able to figure that out . After a 20 minute setup with a CSR , I have n't had any problems from it in the last month . It does exactly what I bought it for with no fuss .
 I used this to connect my DirecTV DVR to the internet wirelessly . It took me a while to figure out how to set it up , including a call to tech support -LRB- which was fast and very helpful -RRB- but I got it working and it works fine . Yes , it can take several hours to download a movie but I do n't mind as I just start it before bed and it 's there the next day . Ca n't beat the cost .
 Works fine as an adapter -LRB- set it to AP Client -RRB- , but I was surprised to find that my years-old D-Link G adapter gets better throughput in the same remote location -LRB- in my unscientific test I was uploading 1200 Kbps vs 1350 Kbps -RRB- .
 I am using this as a wireless bridge to connect my Directv & Xbox to my Fios wireless router . It was easy to setup once I realized that the shared key setting & WEP settings were n't the same . Once that confusion was removed the setup was about 5-10 minutes . Overall a good product for the cost .
 Been using these for a couple of weeks with some Cantennas . Using them in repeater mode has been fairly cool . I was trying to bridge a distance of 300 ft but I have n't managed that yet . However , on the source side the signal in the immediate vicinity of the unit is significantly better . I may need a third repeater to bridge my gap though.I did see the unit , or one very similar , cheaper at a local store after I bought it !
 I needed a wireless access adapter for my modded Xbox that is setup in the bedroom . I use the Xbox as a media extension for streaming movies/music from a central server , so a nice quality connection to my home network is a must . The TRENDnet unit was easy to setup/configure and works great , no signal issues at all . The video stream from the server is nice and smooth with no lagging or freezing . If I need another WAP I would purchase this unit again .
 Very economic . Just needed to have wireless in my small apt . I bought it over 3 months ago and until now has worked without any problems . Is not the bets in the world but does the work that 's needed for .
 If you need this device to work as a wireless access point , then it will serve you quite well . The headaches begin when you try to go beyond this default setup , as the instructions lack in clarity . The paper instructions that come in the box give NO instructions beyond the basic setup , which I found mildly annoying . To get more detailed instructions you must either download the full pdf from the TrendNet website or get it from the included cd -LRB- which has little else - no drivers , no real software -RRB- . And here 's your tip of the day
 I never knew that this was a possibility for extending my wireless network until I read about it on a DirecTV chat room . Basically , I have DirecTV with HD DVR and wanted to use the newly enabled on-demand functionality that allows me to download television shows and movies so I can play them when and as often as I want . Unfortunately , my wireless router is too far away from my DirecTV receiver -LRB- cable box -RRB- to allow me to plug the two together . This product allows me to ` create ' a new wired connection that is near enough to enjoy this DirecTV service . It is both low cost and low maintenance , a perfect combination for mankind .
 Wow , great device and super easy to set up ... but you wo n't find the steps in the instructions . This device is not for beginners due to the useless instructions , but if you 're using it to add a non-wireless device like a PC or a Netflix on demand box such as the Samsung Blue Ray player -LRB- BDP-1600 -RRB- to your wireless network , it works great . After studying the instructions both hard copy , CD doc , -LSB- ... -RSB- , and having to reset the device 5 times , I finally got it . It was all trial and error.To make it a wireless bridge , here are the simple steps :1 . Make sure that IP 192.168.1.100 is n't already being used on your network .2 . Hard wire the device to your network router3 . Connect to the device via 192.168.1.100 in a web browser .4 . Go through the simple four-step wizard to give it a name ... etc. -LRB- I chose all the defaults . -RRB- 5 . Go to `` Basic Setup `` 6 . Choose `` AP Client `` 7 . Click the `` Site Survey '' button and choose your home wireless network . -LRB- Make sure your wireless network is broadcasting . -RRB- 8 . If your home wireless network is secure , enter WEP key or whatever it is secured with .9 . Hit the `` Apply '' button and you 're done ... at least I was . It is super simple ... once you know how to do it.Good luck .
 I bought this for my sister , so she could access my wireless network from her house next door . Before she got this , the only way she could get enough of a signal to use her netbook was to open a window facing my house and put the netbook on the window sill . Our houses are only about 50 feet apart , but my Rosewill router sits behind a thick concrete wall . This has proved the perfect solution to the problem . Set-up was not that difficult , I just connected it via ethernet to my PC , set up my PC to use a static IP address , used a web browser to access the device , set it to repeater mode , found my network and put in the network and security settings , and , after changing my PC 's network settings back to dynamic IP , was done . If you 've set up wireless networks before , there 's nothing to it , if not , look on it as a learning experience ! All we had to do after that was to put it in a room in her house that was near to mine , and plug it in . I also replaced the antennas on my router and this AP with ones that are a bit more robust . Now she can get a good signal on her netbook anywhere in her house , and her desktops equipped with PCI wireless adapters also get good signal . This is probably the cheapest , easiest way to solve a similar problem you 're likely to find , if you have , or are willing to acquire , the know-how .
 A single wireless router could n't cover my house . Instead , I use two access points and a -LRB- wired -RRB- router . Most access points are overly expensive . The TRENDnet WAP not only works flawlessly , it is quite reasonably priced . Highly recommended -- it 's really easy to just set it and forget it .
 I purchased this to act as a wireless adapter for my DirecTV HD DVR so I could get the On Demand channels . There are great tips on setting it up in the DirecTV customer forums . I found CFO214 's tips especially useful . He/she had set up several different systems using the Trendnet WAP , so knew all of the possible problems you might run into . The tips that helped me the most were to change the basic settings to AP Client instead of Access Point , and to change the SSID to match my network name . After reading his tips , I had this working in about 5-10 minutes . The thread can be found here :[ ... -RSB- Overall , a great product & setup was easy after correcting all of my rookie mistakes .
 A nice simple/generic router for the money . Setup was very standard and I had it working in repeater mode in about 10 minutes . Firmware is Linux based so tweaking should be possible . Atenna is removable so you could replace with larger mast for more gain .
 This unit works well but the instructions left a little bit to be desired . I 've used it as a WAP -LRB- router in office upstairs has poor coverage in one of the downstairs rooms -RRB- and then as a client to hook up my wired-only DVR box to the internet -LRB- no CAT-5 there ... silly me although great to see wiring the house with CAT-5 is no longer needed -RRB- . This is one of the lowest cost units out there and it can do a ton . I 'd like to give it 5 * but the instructions are n't overly clear for stuff besides WAP . I temporarily hosed my wireless network when I was switching this thing from access point to client . Having to choose between 4 and 5 stars , I 'm rounding up my 4.5 * score to 5 * since who knows if the issue was the instructions or just me being impatient or both.I 'll definitely buy another TEW-430APB if I need it . It costs less than the other brands and does more .
 Installation was quick . The web menus are very easy to configure . This unit is replacing an old Linksys WRT54G , and we have to admit ... this Trendnet unit has at least x3 the signal strength and sustained speed . I 'd like to think our WRT54G was old , but I do n't think that 's the reason!Anyway , this unit does WPA2 . Everything is just really easy to configure . At this price , you ca n't go wrong .
 I am using these to save myself from running CAT 5e all through my house . I put one downstairs in order to rebuild PCs for charity . I bought another one to allow my Dish receiver to have internet access . They took 3 minutes to set up . They work perfectly . I have a WPA2 secure network . They work flawlessly .
 My scenario is very typical . I have a cable modem coming into the house and it is then connected to a five-port hardwired router which splits off to my main PC and the kids bedroom for their XBOX . I wanted a wireless connection for a laptop PC as well as my Zune . There is lots of confusion about how to hook this AP to your network but everyone 's system is a little different . Mine is fairly basic , so here goes . The AP menu can only be accessed by setting a static IP via your network TCP/IP configuration . Connect your LAN cable directly to the AP -LRB- not from the router -RRB- . Click on START > CONTROL PANEL > NETWORK CONNECTIONS , Right click on Local Area Connections , then Properties . Highlight Internet Protocol -LRB- TCP/IP -RRB- , then click on Properties . On the General Tab , click on Use The Following IP Address and set it to 192.168.1.15 . Do n't worry about the Subnet Mask . Click Okay , then open your browser and type in 192.168.1.100 -LRB- the IP of your AP -RRB- . The AP menu should load . Under Basic Settings , select Access Point -LRB- Not AP Client -RRB- , and use the other default settings . You can use another name for the SSID but I left it to TRENDnet so I 'd know what I was connected to . Also make sure the `` Auto/DHCP '' under Advanced settings is disabled . Now click Save , then reconnect the AP and your LAN cable to your hardwired router and go back to the original TCP/IP settings under Network Connections and save -LRB- Obtain an IP address automatically -RRB- . Turn on a wireless device and TRENDnet should show up as a connection . If all goes well you can later enable the security settings if you live in an apartment , etc. . The range of this AP is pretty good -LRB- I can receive a strong signal > 50 feet outside the house -RRB- . Hope this helps . The poor documentation does n't help anything but the concept is straightforward . You enter a static IP to access the AP , do the above settings , reconnect everything and reset the network setting back to original , and you should be online . Good luck .
 works great after learning how to set up not real easy to setup once setup it works great
 I purchased this with the idea of only using it as a wireless access point . For that , it is awesome and I have no problems . I did however need to call support to help me change the IP address etc to get it set up . That went farely well -LRB- India -RRB- but after 15 minutes , it was working like a charm . Great product , small form factor , no hassle after initial set up , just what I needed -LRB- stability -RRB- .
 This one works great as a wireless bridge to my new Samsung PN50B650 plasma TV . I configured the WAP as WA Client only mode as recommended by other posters . Had to call support since I was not able to get to the config screen by connecting it to my router directly . Support asked me to connect the WAP to my laptop computer directly using an ethernet cable.They had me configure the TCP/IP v4 to the address 192.168.1.50 and then I was able to get to the config screens . Support walked me through entering SSID of my wireless router , changing the mode of WAP to client only mode , and entering the wireless router security details . That was it.After couple of minutes I unplugged it from my laptop and connected it to the plasma tv via Ethernet cable . Now my TV can connect to the internet like a charm!This is ny far the cheapest solution to connect TV or BD Player to internet when the Cable/DSL router is too far away from the TV or Player.If I get a BD player I 'll get the companion TrendNet switch to connect to the player using the same WAP bridge .
 I 've tried many different brands of Bridges and Access points over the year and had low expectations for this Trendnet product.I was pleasantly surprised when I got this one and it 's been working great from minute one . Easy setup , lots of technical features . It 's a little lacking in style , but who it just works like you want it too.I 'm purchasing two more now to expand my network even further .
 My son hooked this up for me and it works exactly as we had hoped .
 This product works great . I used it to bridge the gap with my blue-ray players network connection and my wireless Lan downstairs in my house . It worked perfectly . I am now able to update my blue-ray player using the wireless network .
 Just got our unit and previous write ups are accurate . Do n't even bother reading their instructions . The good folks here that left how-to 's were FAR better . I am an engineer so should be able to wade through this , but it was easier to use these instructions . Points to remember . Take your PC and plug the Trendnet directly in to it . The router and modem are not used to set it up . Change the settings on your PC TC/IP as `` Your Conscious '' wrote in a previous review . Open a browser and type in the IP address as he indicated . His instructions are perfect , just recall that the menu wo n't open up right away , it asks for a password . Use Admin as the logon and Admin as the password , then follow all that he said -LRB- change those later for security . -RRB- You can unplug the unit after you have programmed it -LRB- presuming they use flash memory . -RRB- THEN plug in to your router and you should be able to see it from a wireless enabled PC . I ca n't comment on reliability yet , but range has surprised me . Full connection speeds -LRB- up to 52 MBS -RRB- over 40 feet away and thru two walls . Make sure you later go back and set some security up . We actually have ours hooked through a Minotaur X-10 ethernet switch and timer to control when it is on .
 Like many others buyers , I mainly use this as an Access Point client that can convert my ethernet-enabled Panasonic BD60K to a Wifi-ready equipment . It works like a charm . It takes me only 30 minutes to read the manual , configure , plus testing its function as a AP client . I will recommend this to anyone who needs a wireless AP client at this price point .
 Great Product . Works seamlessly and is easy to set up . The only major shortcoming is that the Router can not segment the network to firewall one computer from the Internet -LRB- as does the D-LINK -RRB- . But if you do n't need that , it is a reliable , simple plug-n-play item -LRB- once configured using its step by step PC software -RRB- at a very inexpensive price .
 A little tricky but works great for Direct TV access for beta OnDemand program downloads
 Very simple setup and flexibility in settings . I 'm using it as a wireless adapter for a DVR that does n't allow a USB wireless card now and it 's been flawless since setup .
 I waited one full week of operating the unit before writing this review.This was my first Trendnet product - to use as as a wireless ethernet bridge . I was worried about the quality and other things based on some really bad reviews on this site . But other than some shortcomings in the documentation , the product itself works very well . Do n't know what chipset the product is based on but it is possible that I got one with a good chipset inside with a stable reference design . Compared to the Linksys and D-Link products I own , this is as good . Configuration is a breeze if you have basic understanding of networks , IP settings , etc.Took it out of the box , skimmed the printed guide that came with it for the default IP address -LRB- 192.168.1.100 -RRB- , user ID -LRB- admin -RRB- and password -LRB- admin -RRB- information . Connected my laptop to the router , fired up IE , typed in 192.168.1.100 , and got connected to the router web page . Configured it to support Access Point mode , setup the SSID , WEP key and bingo , it connected to my Wireless G network and worked like a ethernet bridge that I wanted . Compared to Linksys and D-Link wireless ethernet bridges , this is almost 40 % less expensive . And based on my experience , it 's worth it.Some tips :1 -RRB- Helps to initially not connect the wireless antenna while setting it up .2 -RRB- Helps to have a dedicated computer -LRB- like a laptop -RRB- to configure things . That way , you can avoid any IP address conflict issues while setting up the Trendnet .3 -RRB- Make sure that the configuring computer has the same IP subnet address -LRB- 192.168.1 . X -RRB- where X is any number between 1 and 254 that is not 100 -LRB- since this is the default address of the Trendnet -RRB- .
 I am using this product to extend my wireless network and deliver internet connectivity to my DirecTV receiver and my X-Box 360 down in the living room . Note that currently I can only provide internet to one or the other at a time with this device . It only has one ethernet port on the back . I would need a switch/hub to split the signal to both devices . My DSL modem and router is upstairs in the office , and since I am renting I do n't want to go to the trouble of running ethernet to the living room . Now that the device is up and running , it works as expected . Getting it set up was a bear though . The instructions you might as well set on fire as soon as you have them in your hands . They were outright wrong.You have to set your computer up with a static IP in order to access the management software on the device . The manual says to give your computer a static IP of 192.168.1.x , with x being a number between 2 and 254 . It does n't mention using a default gateway , but typically you would fill this out . I entered 192.168.1.100 , which is the default IP of the access point . None of this worked . I ended up calling TrentNet technical support . I was on hold for all of 5 seconds , when a nice man from India picked up and got my problem solved in maybe 10 minutes . He was extremely helpful . Turns out , the documentation is wrong and I needed to set my static IP to 192.168.1.15 , and leave default gateway blank . After doing this , and doing a hard reset of the access point -LRB- via the reset button on the back -RRB- , I was finally able to log into the access point . That was all I was calling about , because I was fairly sure I could set up the rest on my own . But he asked me what I wanted to use the device for , and he went ahead and walked me through the rest of the settings . As I said , he was very helpful.So bottom line , the product works as intended . The documentation is absolutely worthless , and the tech support at TrentNet is top notch -LRB- in my experience -RRB- .
 I bought this access point to replace an older 3COM 802.11 B that has labored well for about 8 years , but was starting to require periodic power cycles . The range with the included antenna is slightly better than what it is replacing and the speed difference is noticeably better -LRB- as you would expect going from B to G -RRB- . I am not using any of the bridging functionality.The web interface is straight forward and setup was nothing out of the ordinary.I 'm using this in a business environment , so I would love more functionality for stuff like multiple SSIDs -LRB- for allowing guest access to another VLAN -RRB- . To get those types of features you need to spend more money and look at APs like : Dlink DAP-2553Belkin N1 VisionSMC SMC2552W-G2WAP200WAP200EWAP2000
 I wanted to get my Xbox 360 connected to Live but didnt want to pay nearly $ 100 for the microsoft wireless adapter and also didnt want a ethernet cable running across the floor . This gets the job done , it is sitting behind my tv and out of site with the cable running from it to the Xbox . The only issue I had with this was it took a little longer than expected to set up otherwise it would have 5 stars . The included software and manual is sub par but this item is cheaper than most other wireless access points . To get this going with your 360 set it to AP Client mode .
 I purchased this for use with my Directv On-Demand Programming . The setup up was very easy and the unit works fine.I highly recommend it .
 The TRENDnet TEW-430APS is a great little device . I could n't run a cat5 cable from my router to my Panasonic BD-60 blue ray player , so I needed a wireless bridge . I know the TEW-430APS stands for Access Point or Bridge so I ordered it . It works great . The only problem I had with the setup it this.First connect the Trendnet to your router with lan cable . Connect your computer/laptop to the router with lan cable . -LRB- this is the part that took me a litte time to figure out -RRB- . Reconfigure you IP address to 192.168.1.50 by doing this . | control panel | network connections | right click on Local area connection - select properties | cick on Internet protocol TCP/IP - then click on properties | change `` obtain an IP address automatically '' to `` use the following IP address `` ip address 192.168.1.50 subnet 255.255.255.0 click OKNow you can activate Internet Explorer and type -LSB- . . -RSB- into the url address and access the trendnet page . From here follow the instructions in the manual for changing the device to AP Client mode . Do n't forget to reconfigure your Local Area Connection IP address back to what it was.This device worked well as an access point also .
 I had a little anxiety buying this product because I 'm not very tech savvy and I had heard about the bad instuction manual . It is pretty bad . But using the manual on the disk helps a lot . Im using the device as a wireless repeater . I needed something to rebroadcast the wifi signal on the second floor of my house because for reasons unknown , the wireless router set up on the first floor was sending a weak signal to the laptop in my bedroom.Luckily its alot more simple than I feared . Follow the manuals instructions to set it up and then go to the disks manual if you want to do something else.I finally have a strong steady signal in my bedroom and all the wifi devices on the second floor of the house are benefiting from the boost . I 'm so glad I found an inexpensive solution to this issue .
 The TRENDnet 54G is a nice device , good range , works well . Setup could be a little challenging if you 're not very technical . I think it has more features for a lower price than most access points . Over all a solid product .
 The product is working fine , however the instructions that came with it did n't allow it to initialize . I had to call Trendnet support to get it to work . I followed the instructions explicitly but Trendnet gave different instructions .
 When my miserly boss assigned me the the project of connecting two buildings at opposite ends of our compound , as well as to blanket the entire campus with wireless , he gave me pittance of a budget . After buying the high-gain antennas , low-loss cables and a router , I had precious little cash left , so I gambled and purchased a bunch of these units.As others have noted , this unit is rather unimpressive in appearance and flimsy-feeling , but it works well in both client mode and AP mode . Very easy to configure and stays connected . The firmware is also refreshingly simple and easy to navigate.As a negative , the range is only about 1/3 of the range of the ZyXEL wireless router that does the DHCP duties on the network . Still , all in all , the price is right and , so far , they have performed admirably .
 I do like this product , for it has all the useful features -LRB- Disabling SSID broadcast , Security - WEP , WAP , WAP2 , MAC Filter , among others -RRB- that I need , and its Interface is so simplified that you do n't need the manual at all to try to understand it.This product works on my D-Link AirPlus XtremeG -LRB- DWL-G650 -RRB- with no problem at all .
 Unit is easy to configure and coverage is solid . Mine looked nothing like the unit in the photo except for color -LRB- which is a plus IMO -RRB- . Ca n't beat it for the price .
 You have to have an extra battery when photographing underwater . The Sealife battery will last you a day 's dive 's worth of power , depending , of course , on how many times you snap-away or use the video mode . I recently took a live aboard trip and replaced my battery at the end of each day with a fully charged one . In fact , I have accumulated five batteries over the years , but only use my two Sealife with the Sealife camera . For this price as compared to other cameras , it 's a great bargain . You can easily pay twice as much for other batteries .
 These were exactly what I needed to make sure my Sealife DC600 camera always had a fresh battery when scuba diving .
 This tele-converter produced very good resolution on my G9 . If you want a field-of-view equivalent to a 420mm lens on 35mm film cameras , but not all the time , this is a good choice , assuming you already have a G7 or G9 . If you are a frequent user of such long focal lengths , you will likely prefer a camera that has it built in , or better still , a digital SLR . There are two main reasons I say this : -LRB- 1 -RRB- this add-on lens completely obscures the view through the optical viewfinder , so you have to rely on the LCD screen for framing your shots . You will need good light to be using a shutter speed that is fast enough to hold the camera at arm 's length , like you need to do to see the screen , and the visibility of the screen in bright sunlight can be less than ideal . It can be done . A tripod or monopod would work better , provided your subject does n't move too quickly or erratically . My percentage of keepers shooting birds in flight , for example , was pretty low . -LRB- 2 -RRB- While the G7/G9 lens zooms from 35mm to 210mm -LRB- equivalent in 35mm terms -RRB- , and this 2x converter gets you out to 420mm at the long end , you ca n't use it down to the 70mm -LRB- = 2x35mm -RRB- you might expect , as you will run into severe vignetting . I * think * you can use it for all or most of the range above 210mm . Having said all this , the G9 plus this converter makes for a very small and light long-lens package , for those who already have a G7/G9 or who only require the added reach from time to time .
 I have used the teleconverter for a G7 camera for some time and am extremely pleased with the results . It balances very nicely on the camera and allows one hand shooting without a tripod . To me the additional coverage is stunning . For example , I was able to get a close up of a pitcher on the mound at a major league game from the upper deck of the stadium . The picture was very clean . Please note that there is a menu setting which should be used with the teleconverter or wide angle lens . If the menu is set correctly , you will not get the black circle effect that one of the reviewers mentioned . It is explained in the G7 manual .
 I recently went to an air show and used the TC-DC-58C lens . I got great , crisp shots ! The clarity loses nothing while the zooming abilities gain everything ! I would recommend this lens to any amateur who wishes to be a semi - , halfway-decent - , quasi-professional ! Be aware that the lens is bulky , but this should be obvious to the consumer before buying . Because of its size , it limits the ability to use the viewfinder .
 I bought this teleconverter thru Amazon just last week . I was deciding between it and one of the Raynox telephoto lens for the G9 . When I first got the teleconverter and took some pics , I was n't too sure about my purchase . Since using the teleconverter outdoors yesterday and today , I love it ! I was able to take some great shots of the moon late yesterday afternoon . Today , I took pics of some leaves on a tree that showed some nice depth of field . I shot a picture of a house at the end of the block . I was standing in my neighbor 's yard and shot a picture of the house more than a block away ! I was impressed with the picture . The teleconverter will definitely add bulk to your camera , especially if you have an external flash attached . The teleconverter is worth the price !
 There 's nothing better than being able to enhance the already fantastic capabilities of the G7 with this or the WC-DC58B lenses . The quality of this lens is excellent , and the clarity of the photos taken with is is just spectacular - none of those grainy photos you get with a digital zoom , so you can edit and crop the resulting photos to your heart 's content .
 I was a little skeptical when I purchased this lens for my G9 . Partly because the camera is about the same size , if not smaller and also because I have a very capable DSLR with great lenses too.In the end , I 'm very happy with it . It 's easy to put on and take off ... just screws right onto the necessary converter . It looks a little funny connected to the camera but no more than the pros look with their 800MM lenses at the super bowl -LRB- just a much smaller scale -RRB- . You need to know that this basically just extends the focal lenth by 2X at the high end . It does n't make the wide angle half as wide -LRB- like making a 35MM a 70mm -RRB- . So at the wider angles it 's like looking through a tunnel with the image in the center of a dark tube . But once you get toward the telephoto range you `` zoom out '' of the tunnel and get the full effect of the lens.It works great ... no complaints and gives you a 400MM capability on the G9 .
 This Tele converter is perfect for my Canon G9 and easy to put on and off . One needs this for real close ups of musicians on the stage . Love the results . Lisa
 As an enthusiast , I bought the G7 to work my way up to a digital SLR camera -LRB- from a 35mm -RRB- without spending a ton of money . While not inexpensive , buying all the options for the G7 has been a good choice and the results are amazing . This lens does everything I need it to do .
 After a lot of reading and investigating this is the best lens for the money . Do n't be fooled by the cheaper lenses . If you have the Canon A650 IS then a Canon teleconverter lens is the only way to go . Also , remember to purchase the converter tube by Canon for a perfect fit.Don ' t forget to set your camera on CONVERTER so that you get clear crip shots with no interferance . This lens works best with good lighting conditions . Great for zoo photography.If you are on the fence about what lens to get for the CANON A650 IS look no more - this is the one !
 This teleconverter works great with my Canon G9 . However , with this lens added to the G9 lens , you do not have a fast low-light combo . Be sure to use it with bright sunlight , or use a tripod . Also , if you intend to use flash , realize it will be blocked by this lens . Use an external flash if you must use flash . I may have to break down and get one for myself now .
 Just purchased this lens a month or so ago , and used it on vacation and a few other events . Overall , very happy with the lens . Sturdy and good weight to it - just what you would expect from a Canon lens . As I had read in other reviews prior to my purchase , the built in flash of my G9 can not be used with the lens due to the shadows produced , so this is really limited to outdoor use -LRB- or a large indoor space with good lighting -RRB- . Due to the weight of the lens , a tripod is helpful in keeping the camera still . I have used the tripod and some of the pictures have been amazing -LRB- sunrises , swim meet , baseball game -RRB- . Would recommend to others .
 The Canon G9 camera produces beautifully sharp and contrasty images . My only wish would have been for increased telephoto range , and this genuine Canon teleconverter lens accomplishes just that . It is well made and optically sharp . It must be used with the 58mm adaptor specific for the Canon G7 and G9 cameras . The chrome ring surrounding the lens is unscrewed after pushing a small release button , and the adaptor with attached lens is securely mounted in its place . This lens should be attached only when you want to enlarge a distant object . If left on the camera and a normal or wide angle view is selected , the image is reduced to an unusable small circle on the screen . One would not want to keep it on all the time anyway , because it is quite large and heavy -LRB- its only drawback -RRB- , defeating the purpose of a lightweight and compact camera.Canon also makes a wide angle lens that utilizes the same adaptor . I also discovered that by attaching 58mm closeup lenses to this adaptor and selecting full telephoto setting on the camera the very best macro images can be obtained , much better than with just the macro setting of the camera itself . However , all of this is beyond the scope of this review.My little G9 is now the basis of a more versatile interchangable lens camera system . However , unlike other such systems , this one simply modifies the focal length of the excellent lens already built into the camera . Autofocus and all other camera functions remain intact.If you have a G7 or G9 camera and would like to reach out a little farther , I highly recommend this teleconverter lens .
 Together with required LADC58H converter this telephoto lens works as advertised . Read other reviews for performance , remembering that the G9 is not a DSLR . If you already have the G9 and would like to extend your telephoto capabilities with this camera , go for it . If you are considering buying a G9 or G10 and need the extra telephoto capabilities , you probably should take a closer look at DSLR 's available within this price range for greater choice of options .
 I bought this Canon 2X Tele Lens to be used on my Sony DSC-H3 camera with 58mm mounting.This is a perfect solution for Tele photos , the image is very clear and the size and weight of lens is more than affordable for this camera model.I try several shoots also using digital zoom , where the final range go up to 32X -LRB- Camera 10X Optical + 6X Digital + 2X Converter -RRB- to take moon images , and the image clean and resolution is amazing.The only detail to mention is that the lens do n't have a front mount to install filters , very useful for landscape photo.I highly recommend to all Sony DSC-H3 / H10 users , to buy this lens .
 Your camera get a powerful telephoto capability . The only thing is that it works when your zoom is in the middle or maximum range . When the camera zoom is in the wide range , picture corners get black because of the circular limits of the lens . It is no problem since you want to use it as a powerful telephoto lens .
 Canon TC-DC58C Tele Converter Lens for Canon A650IS , G7 & G9 Digital CamerasLarge , heavy , high-quality 2X Telephoto Conversion lens for Canon A650is Digital Camera . Requires a lens adapter . Durable draw string bag , holds lens with adapter attached , included . If you plan to use this a lot , a Canon Digital Rebel would be a more logical camera . Because of size , for flash photography consider an auxillary flash such as Canon High-Power HF-DC1 .
 This tele converter lens is very good for the Canon power shot G9 , and it is a good price sold from Amazon , the filters are good too , the pictures that I took with the filter look nice , Thank you Amazon !
 I use it with my Canon Powershot A650IS and I 'm very pleased with the results . excellent for birding and candid portraits . The weight throws the balance of the camera off when you 're holding it , but this is to be expected .
 I love it but i am going to return it not because it is not good . . it does very good Job but this with the adapter make the Camera very heavy and unable to handle it my hands shaking when i hold the Camera but it does really an aweasom Job the only thing bothered me is the adapter big adapter with big lense increase the weight for the Camera . .
 The lens is a great accessory for my Canon G9 . Also , I ordered the conversion lens adapter , but amazon did not have it on stock . They took almost twenty days to send my order!Except for the problem of slow delivery , I 'm happy with my purchase .
 excelente very fast , me llego hasta panama . muy rapido y seguro , lo recomiendo . muy confiable mucha garantia.excelente precio . mucha calidad .
 I am using this computer for a project our company is working on . We are writting software to be used on this PC out in the field.So far this seems like like pretty nice laptop . Like advertised this is a VERY sturdy notebook . We have dropped this thing from a table and it still works like a charm . The overall look of this PC is very rugged looking as well . I like the rough silver coverering , this thing is built like a tank.The screen turns completely around and can fold down over the keyboard so you can use it just like a tablet . The screen is very bright and clear as well there is no problem with blurry text or a dull screen.Most of the connectors you will ever need are conviently located on the side of the laptop -LRB- 2 USB ports , Ethernet , modem jack , and a PCMIA slot -RRB- . When they are not in use , you can use the doors to cover up the connection . This hides the slots , which add to the stealthy look of the PC.The stylus fits conviently inside a little holder on the screen , so its very easy to keep up with . There is a little recognition problem while writing with the stylus . you have to write VERY neatly on with the stylus so that the computer can recognize your letters and numbers . Also , it automatically inserts spaces after you write a letter or number , so even if you do n't want a space , it puts one there anyway . I have not been able to find any settings that allow you to specify what YOU want it to do , so this can get aggravating.The PC comes packaged with WindowsXP tablet edition . I am not a big fan of XP , but so far this OS has n't given me any problems on this PC.The computer comes with a mobile processor which allows you to connect to a wireless network without having to use a seperate PC card . This is real convient , because I do n't have to be tied to a wall jack or a router . I can walk around my house or office and always be connected to the internet.My main problem with this is that the keyboard is very cumbersome to use , especially for people with larger than average sized hands . It is very easy to fat finger keys . and also some of the button are in different places that your normal 103 Key Keyboard , so it will take some getting used to . In fact I am using it right now to write this review , and I am finding my self having to correct more errors than normal.Another problem I have is that the touchpad seems very sluggish . I have the mouse sensitivity set at the max , yet , when I use the touchpad , the mouse pointer seenms to just drag along and is very hard to move across the screen.My third problem is more a cosmetic issue , door for the PCMIA slot never seems to stay closed , even when I lock the door on it , it still pops open.Overall its a pretty good laptop , but at over 4 grand , very pricey for an average home user . If you do n't really need durability out of a laptop , then I do n't suggest this one . However if you plan to carry around a laptop out in the field 8 hours/day , then the toughbook may be the route you want to go .
 Its a power cord , what can I say . Purchased it about a year and a half ago and still fuctioning fine . I 'm not surprised nor should you be . Buy it !
 What 's to say about a power cord ? Works great , delivery was quick . Coils up fine to fit in the seat pocket of my chair so that if I run out of juice when I 'm out and about , I can stop in a store and ` borrow ' some electricity !
 I needed to have my CPU about 4 feet from my monitor so I purchased a 10 ft power cord . When I recieved it and tried to conceal the cables , it gave me a hard time going around the edges . I decided to get the Petra PET12-0010 10 ft computer power cord . To my delight , it was almost as thin as the monitor cable that I bought from Amazon.com for the same reason . I really recommend this power cord if you are looking for ease to conceal your cables .
 If you plan to expand your 1.5 din to a double din in your 1999-2003 F-150 , this is perfect . The fit is tight , you wo n't need the sleeve , and this product makes the finished product look highly professional .
 The installer had to do some minor cutting to make it fit better for my 2003 Mercury Mountaineer . The cut is hidden behind and not shown . It keeps my double-din unit very stable . My motorized screen will not completely close because the bottom hits the lower panel of the opening part of my car . Because of this , the unit will always slide out all the way when it is turned on because not completely close when powered off messes up the memory of the last angle the screen was at . Nevertheless , I am happy with it . I bought 2 so I could give one to my brother who has a 2002 Ford Expedition .
 This kit did n't quite fit my new Pionoeer AVH-X1500DVD . The screw cut-outs in the small bracket that goes on the back of the radio did not go up high enough to catch the screw hole on the radio . I had to drill a hole about 1/8 &#34; above the top of the slot . The whole bracket is plastic -LRB- for some reason I assumed the side brackets would be metal -RRB- . The radio seems to be good and secure , so the product did fit my dash and the radio otherwise , besides having to drill the one hole.Note that it does n't come with any screws , however the radio did -LRB- except for the bracket on the back -LRB- which takes an M4 8mm long max -RRB- .
 Fit just fine , all the screws lined up well , and one it is installed it has a nice clean look .
 The Item arrived on time and It works great I did n't have to make any modifications to the dash at all .
 mounted correctly the first time - very easy - good support - would recommend to all - lots of features
 Fast shipping it attached perfectly to my pioneer 4800 that i recently bought . Was able to install into car with no problems .
 Fits perfect in a 2006 Expedition . Makes the replacement unit look stock . I did need to file the opening on the rear bracket a tad bigger , but this was due to the headunit screw hole being a bit higher than normal .
 There are endless possibilities with the factors made holes . It must fit every deck known to man kind . Really good quality , really good price -LRB- Ford sells them for an exorbitant price -RRB- . If you need an installation kit , buy this one . It even has instructions for those who do n't understand what holes are for : S. I digress . Very nice product .
 I bought a pioneed avh3200bt and it fits perfectly on my 04 ford mustang i would recomend it for fords i dont no about other cars
 Did what it was supposed to do , let me install an aftermarket player into an OEM dashboard .
 worked as advertised made stereo instillation very easy.I like the way it blends in to the factory dash and color .
 Modified this to use with my 97 Lincoln Mark viii . Had to trim it a little but it looks great !!
 Item was as described , arrived quickly and was very easy to install . Would recommend to others who are looking to upgrade from the factory stereo to a double DIN .
 I have a 2001 Ford Mustang GT and the Metra 95-5026 installation kit fit flawlessly and looks great with my new stereo installed . Thank you for the wonderful product .
 The Metra 95-5026 Double-Din Bracket Fit my 2004 Ford Explorer and the Pioneer z130BT that I mounted in it like a glove . It did n't look very solid when I took it out of the bag but when installed it is very solid . The factory installed look is another plus . I would highly recommed this product .
 Been a mechanic and installed many stereos on my friends cars . I have never seen a kit like this one . It feels like factory made and holds your stereo secure . Not to mention how if fits like a glove . Stereo looks like it came with it from the factory . no holes or misaligned unit like I have seen with some cheap kit .
 I bought this bezel to replace the stock double din in my Mustang for an aftermarket touch screen . Dimensional fitment was good , but the rear brace needed some hole manipulation to line up with stock bolts . Not a big deal . It was simply opening up a hole with a dremel tool . The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I had to make that adjustment besides that it worked fine .
 Just received the kit awhile back and decided to review it . I used this kit to go along with my Pioneer 4300 double din . It fits perfectly on my 2003 explorer . The kit includes the screws to go along . So all you need is the time a screw driver , and a pry tool .
 For money , this 2 cds set software is really a nice deal . I hadhard time to talk about phonics with my son who is 5 years old . Hewo n't pay attention to learn the sound of letters . This software really caught his attention , he sits there for hours and practice . Those games are very cute and helpful . After two days play , he already made a lot of progress . It takes off some pressures from me.We love it !
 I bought this for my two boys ages 4 and 6 . They ca n't sit still but do for this phonics software . They love the learning games and do n't realize they are really learning . I purchased this to help them with their speech , one is severly delayed and the other not so much . The words and pronounciation are very very clear and easily understood . Simple directions and easy to follow . Starts off easy but gets harder for my older child . Best of all they are learning to read and practicing speech . Also has sight words game great for school age children and early readers .
 I really like this software . My son is using it and I can see the improvement already . He is in kindergarten and he can read through sight words but not phonetically . This program really helps with phonetic sounds . I would recommend it especially for the price you pay .
 Check your Operating System if your running 64bit , this software is incompatible . I ran into a little problem with a seller and they offered a refund minus all shipping fees and their Amazon sellers fee.this omission is really the fault of Amazon so I did n't press the seller for a refund . Although , it is my opinion that a seller should know the goods they are selling and operating system compatibility is a big concern for obvious reasons.But , technology being what it is , it is one of those esoteric things that can be over looked.But , again ... check what version of windows your running : > Start > Right click ` Computer ' > Left click ` Properties ' > View the box for ` System Type'You 'll want to see ' 32bit ' for this software .
 I may even like this better then Reader Rabbit or Jumpstart series . A seperate cd for vowels is included which I found fantastic . My daughter loves getting the silver and gold stars . My daughter is 5 and has no problems navigating this game .
 Great program . My son in kindergarten is learning vowels & consonants & this program helps him with sounding out letters out & has enjoyable games to test them on it . Has a good `` star '' system that rewards them a gold star if they get all answers correct . Easy installation on a XP system . Highly recommend for your child !
 This CDrom is quite good and I would have given it 5 stars if my toddler had been thrilled with it ... which he was n't . He was mildly interested . Perhaps at almost 3 years of age he is too young . On the other hand , as a teacher I was very impressed with this CDrom . It is very thorough and I have no doubt that if a child were to proceed through the games , winning stars for each level , their skills would be dramatically improved . It seemed entertaining to me , but I 'm 43 - not the suggested 4 - 8 years old .
 I bought this to upgrade an old Toshiba Satellite 1805 series laptop that had provision for wireless networking but did n't have it -LRB- in other words a feature-limited model -RRB- . I also bought and installed the necessary antennas behind the LCD panel . The upgrade was a complete success , and it was subsequently given to someone else who as far as I know continues to use it to wirelessly monitor their offerings on Craigslist from the comfort of a couch . -LRB- What 's up with the weird product photo , though , showing what appears to be a networking wall plate ? It 's certainly not a photo of this Mini-PCI card ! -RRB-
 The sound these wonderful cables enable is certainly magical , with the right set of speakers -LRB- a set of God Botherer 823s are ideal -RRB- of course . However , there is still a problem that the true audiophile will immediately notice - the sound is still not quite perfect . The reason turns out to be the atmosphere , it 's just too full of dust , pollen and a mixture of gases that takes the edge off the divine sound these cables are capable of producing.A few grand spent on advanced air filtration systems for your music room or home theatre will make all the difference , but to enable these fantastic cables to really do their job you need to replace the sound-degrading gases in the atmosphere as well . Carbon dioxide has to go for a start , then if you 're really hard-core you 'll dump the oxygen as well - one atmosphere of pure nitrogen enables these babies to truly bring you the music of the spheres , you 'll think you 've died and gone to heaven . Because you have !
 It has come to me , the AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable . It shall be an heirloom of my family . All that should follow in my bloodline shall be bound to its fate for I will risk no hurt to the cable . It is precious to me , though I buy it with an $ 8,450 loan . The markings upon the insulation begin to fade . The writing , which at first was as clear as red flame , has all but disappeared ; a secret now that only fire can tell.I ca n't take my eyes off it . I 'm not eating , I 'm not sleeping . It 's taken ahold of me .
 I can not believe I did n't purchase this cable earlier . After selling my girlfriend and taking out a mortgage on out outdoor toilet I was finally able to hear pure sound . If you 've ever had a bath fully clothed , you 'll know what I mean . It 's like suddenly my ears were not just ears , but M&S ; ears . I could hear stuff that was way beyond my own comprehension and with every sound came more sound . It 's almost sound without sound . If you imagine being sucked into a blackhole or have ingested a dinosaur you would probably be ready for this cable.I have just one question . What am I supposed to plug it into ?
 I recently added 400 units of K2 to my portfolio as a hedge against inflationary pressures in anticipation of a new round of quantitative easing that I and many others have been predicting from the FED . I 've been bullish on K2 options for years -LRB- long before the hordes of NOOBS starting jumping on this upward trend -RRB- . Given the recent volatility of the market and the widespread view that the US is incapable of managing its economy , it is abundantly clear to most learned investors that the dollar is in decline and the smart money is moving into Speaker Cable Futures . Many of my critics are still hanging onto gold in large ratios in their portfolio but I do n't buy into the `` Indian alluvial deposits are in decline '' hogwash that is the pervasive groupthink among my fat-headed colleagues.Since obtaining my substantial share of K2 , my portfolio has never looked better and I expect continued growth in this sector primarily due to the influence of social media . K2 has experienced a sudden and rapid uptick following a surge of recent clever reviews and I am strongly of the opinion that this one has yet to top out . However , I strongly advise all prospective investors to watch carefully for the bearish precursor events that are forthcoming
 I 'm told that these cables are cut from the same material that they want to use to construct the space elevator project . If they 're good enough for Mr. Norris then $ 6800 is a steal ! That 's the way I see it .
 After acquiring the Delorean , assembling the flux capacitor , and bribing the Libyans for plutonium , the last thing we needed were cables capable of handling the 1.21 jiggawatts of power between the plutonium core and the aforementioned capacitor . After we acquired these cables , we activated our time machine and were off . We went back and witnessed the pyramids being built , high-fived Jesus , dropkicked Hitler , teabagged Stalin in his sleep . Then , traveling to the future , we defeated the Evil Robot Overlord Zarkhan of 2258 , and halted the Eeq ` irrriiaan invasion of 3941 . We lived like kings , and copulated frivolously like rabbits across the millenia . But we soon discovered that we were being followed
 what a great stocking stuffer ! i bought 5 sets for my friends and family . not only do i get to experience the sound quality of articulate rap music , i get to hear laudations of love as i make sure the price tag is prominently displayed over the stockings of joy . and i still have money left on my ebt card for bagels and coffee ! and as an added bonus , free shipping ! what a deal . rumor also has it , if you are not satisfied with these cables , and you return them , audioquest will double your money back !
 I figured I could be the voice of reason among the dozens of `` joke '' reviews that have been written for this product , considering this is actually a quality set of speaker cables that deserve a fair evaluation . I bought these a few months ago and have really appreciated the quality and performance they deliver - it was only when I came here and read the other views that I was disgusted by how people do n't take the Amazon review system seriously . There really needs to be some moderation on these things , because some of the things that have been written are clearly libel and vandalism spouted from the mouths of people who have not bought the product and bawk at it 's high-end price tag.For those of you who are talking about these cables granting `` god-like powers '' , `` summoning evil spirits '' , or `` making your genitals organs several times larger '' - grow up . You guys should behave like adults instead of wasting your hours misleading people here on Amazon . Have you got nothing better to do with your free time?The AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable is clearly not capable of supernatural feats or does not come with a small car or white slave baby included in the packaging . We all know you think you 're funny , and that everybody is just pissing their pants with laughter at all the reviews that you guys post up in this fashion , but it 's a tired old joke that nobody wants to read about anymore , so knock it off.Anyway , I do n't want to turn this into a rant about people 's despicable behavior on the internet , onto the review - I purchased the AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable a while back , and could n't be more pleased . The sturdy construction of the cables was exactly what I was looking for to use in my auto-asphyxiation sexcapade rituals , as I continue my downward spiral towards an unending pit of eternal despair and self loathing . The velvety touch of the cable 's outer casing truly provides an indescribable feeling of sensory pleasure to accompany the thoughts of farm animals caught in sexually compromising situations . I am also a big fan of the Dual Star-Quad Geometry , as I sit and ponder the smell of geometric shapes after snorting a line or two of coke off a Thai hooker 's posterior . Oh , did I mention I live in Bangkok ? Delivery was FAST . Quite impressed with that.Anyway , overall , the product is really a fine example of craftsmanship . I 've not even plugged them into a sound system yet , as I have them firmly wrapped around my testicles at the moment in an effort to keep my own sperm from impregnating my brain and taking over my mind . So far , so good - I ca n't speak enough about the reliability of these cables . As soon as I can break into one of the local electronic stores , I 'll try it out and let you guys know what I think . I 've got good vibes about it though.Would highly recommend . Do n't listen to the haters .
 So , I bought a pair of these and decided to dissect them to see what made them so valuable . Turns out they 're smuggling blood diamonds though these cables ! I sold my diamonds , and well ... Let 's just say before I bought this cable , I weighed 500 pounds , I was getting really high every day , and I was washing my dishes in the bath tub . But thanks to this cable , I own myself a mansion , a summer home in maine , an awesome boat , a jet pack , a sweet looking wife , and an entertainment center with a whole bunch of stuff I 'll never use!But all this material stuff does n't matter . It 's my new cable . Buy it .
 I had my thoughts of change ever since the onset of my meager audiophile setup . It consisted , in its entirety , of nothing more than two items near and dear to me . One was a gift , a token of good will , given to me by the chief vice ambassador himself of the Soviet Union -- the ever-coveted Sennheiser Orpheus . I occasionally looked at it with much joy as it gave me sweet memories of the talks with that gentleman as we discussed the tensions between our mother countries . To me , it was a symbol of the golden era of freedom about to shine on those dear people on that side of the globe . I heard in it the ringing of freedom as my golden ears resolutely agreed to that declaration . Meanwhile , I also gave special care to the second but most special of the two which I now only mention because of its deep , familial ties it brings to mind . This was my grandfather 's own WWII crystal radio set as he used in his bunker while on the battlefields of war-stricken Europe . It still had his name carved on the side in the gifted , curved handwriting with which he always signed his banknotes and letters to acquaintances and business partners . As always , it powered my Orpheus with such aplomb and gusto that it gave me literal chills down my spine , producing even the basic building block of sound , the waveform , in the most scientifically and artistically pleasing fashion.Yet even with due credit to the master engineers of my grandpappy 's era , I knew better than anyone else that there was something more that could be added to this setup . I mused and mused on the remote idea of an upgrade . Perhaps changing the coating on the Orpheus to platinum ? No , that would be a disservice to the ambassador who tried to do his nation proud because I would be , in essence , defacing that kind gesture . How about changing the crystal in the circuit of the radio itself which my grandfather ever treasured and never allowed even a fingerprint to stain ? Certainly not.The conclusion , after much thought and research over the years , came down to this and this alone -- the AudioQuest K2 Speaker Cable . It had cited occurrences of mystical powers . It was rumored to be the holy grail . It had successful implementation in genetic and biomechanical research . It was capable of powering time-traveling , matter-manipulating devices . It could ingeniously solve any of the world 's problems in nanoseconds . Nothing in this world could serve my grandpappy 's hand-me-down and the ambassador 's gift better . To this day , I have never had a dull moment , with things not just aurally happening that neither tongue nor pen can express . I , myself , can not explain how even it all works out so well , but this has made life all the better for me and all those close to me.Get one , at least one , once in your life , and you will never regret it .
 I used these cables along with a solid gold adapter to connect my Gameboy Pocket to my TV so I could have bigger speakers and they work okay
 So I 've been working on this android prototype for the past 7 years , but I was having difficulty coming up with a transfer solution for the neural patterns I 've been harvesting from Cambodian orphans . I tried less expensive cables , but none of them really gave the unit much self-awareness , and most were a fairly poor fit for large-scale duplication . However , with the AudioQuest K2 , I 've been able to perfectly map those patterns to the androids AND do so on a large scale in a time-efficient manner . Thanks , AudioQuest ! You will be spared some of the horrors of the coming Order !
 If you are going to purchase these cables I highly recommend getting the Black & Decker Cranial Expansion kit as well . I do n't know what marketing genius came up with idea of selling the two separately but they should be bound in an iron shirt and flayed with a pumice stone , but I digress . I used the aforementioned Cranial Expansion Kit to enlarge my head making installing these babies a snap . I wo n't lie though , even with an expanded cranium I can feel the cables pressing down on my optic nerve . But let 's be honest , who needs to see light when you can hear the movement of the spheres . If you do n't already have these you are n't really living . You are more of a mewling fetus , helpless and pink , squirming across the surface of your mother straining to find nourishment . Get these babies pronto , and listen to the ethereal tones of God 's creation in motion . The sound of Mercury distorting Earth 's gravity tether to the sun is sublime .
 As one of America 's many unemployed -LRB- thanks for nothing Obamacareaganomicsterroristswin -RRB- I had a choice
 As a Fremen POG on Arrakis , it fell to me to gather Paul Maud ` Dib 's equipment and to do the required paperwork -LRB- in triplicate -RRB- so he could become a leader of men by riding the Shai'Hulud . However , we were fresh out of sand worm reins . I did n't want to embarrass my tribe or lose my water , so I logged onto Amazon Dune and found these babies.With legendary Earth warrior Gunny Highway 's `` improvise , adapt , and overcome '' battle language ringing in my ears , I did n't hesitate to order a couple of sets for general purposes . At that time I was a trial member of Amazon Prime , which got me free two-parsec shipping without Harkonnen meddling - sweet!As soon as the cables arrived via Spacing Guild Express I jaggedly dashed out to Muad ` Dib , who was impatiently waiting to fulfill his destiny -LRB- talk about a messiah complex -RRB- . I watched in awe as he mounted the great worm , and was glad to see that the silver tips easily pierced the beast 's hide . The cables transmitted Muad ` Dibs commands in an almost transcendent fashion , making him appear as one with the Shai-Hulud . Of course , the rest is history - I even got a superior `` Weirding Way '' evaluation along with a promotion to Fremen 1st Class ! But I have to deduct a star for the cable braiding because it 's hard to clean spice and worm goo off of it . Other than that glitch , I 'm a satisfied customer . Now if only I could find a decent solar-powered Melange coffee maker for my administrative cave ...
 Ever have a day where no matter how much fire and thunder you manage to crank out , you ca n't impress even the most terrified subject ? Well then you need this cable ! If your Munchkin LZ2T Sub Woofer can handle it , hook it directly to the grid and power that baby up with 50,000,000 watts of Witch melting waves of whoop ass ! Why just the other day I had this tart from Kansas drop by a SECOND time to give me lip ! Apparently my low tones were not enough using just any cable . Since I had just robbed the Bank Of England I could pop for these AQK2s . She revs up and starts in just as I nuke it up ! Well , they still ca n't get the stains out of the drapes and the horse of a different color is a uniform brown ! She will not be back again . You need these cables . Now to figure out how to repair the new fault line that runs under the castle . Believe ! OZ , WIZ .
 At first , I was taken by the obvious cutting-edge physics involved in this device , disguised as mere wire
 These cables are worth at least twice the price , $ 13,000 is an absolute STEAL . I have paid more for Asian school girl escorts in Vegas and received less pleasure than these cables can provide . When not using on your audio system you can tie up an excellent cock ring with ball harness to share the pleasure with others that these cables provide .
 Ever wanted to travel through time ? When the AudioQuest K2 cables are attached to this turntable
 Transformed my life ! I won a pair of Grammy 's using these with a 20 year old set of Radioshack speakers , an old Sony tape recorder and a Mattel pink and purple microphone . Grammy 's crooked under each arm , and swooning from the attention -LRB- and the champagne and too tight bowtie -RRB- , I stumbled into Megan Fox on the way out from the press room . Well really her handler , but he noticed the telltale prongs of the K2 cables sticking out of my back pocket and with a twitch of his 20 '' biceps had me pressed against Megan 's side in no time . She turned to me and I burped - yellowtail with hot sauce -LRB- Sriracha -RRB- , I had that for lunch . Needless to say , she has sharp nails and a stinging backhand . Then she caught sight of the cables , tried to pull back , but her knee was already in motion and it glanced my crotch . Yep , it was enough . Out came the yellowtail , plopped onto her shoe . I did n't realize I had swallowed it whole . By then the cables were out in full view . With a near feral grin , Megan grabbed my arm -LRB- that 's when I lost the first Grammy -RRB- and I was whisked away to her house . Well , a private `` party '' ensued , and yes the cables were involved , and she fettered me away into her bedroom . Now two years later , even with everyday use , the shine on the cables has not worn off ! Yeah , I 'm still stuck in Megan 's bedroom , get yellowtail and champagne for lunch everyday -LRB- ho hum -RRB- , and she makes me do the whole cable guy thing . But hey I 'm ok with it - I get to scramble her eggs every morning . Thanks AudioQuest !
 I just paid $ 8500.00 for the exact same cables at Be $ t Buy . I guess I should have looked here first ! ... Oh yeah , they work as advertised . Good product !
 I 've been lusting after these cables for quite some time . And with the price reduction I was about to pull the trigger . Then I realized that $ 800 in sales tax was just too much . I was hoping for a Black Friday sale to knock the price down to $ 6,000 , but no luck . Oh well ... it 's still over 3 weeks till Christmas ... maybe Amazon will make these a Gold Box special and hit the magic $ 6,000 price point.I just know that they will make my home theater in a box sound awesome !
 I now hear in 5 dimensions . A 4th spatial dimension , plus the ever-elusive-whilst-at-the-same-time-painstakingly-present dimension of Time . Pretty nifty . Of course , one must use some wisdom in wielding such power , but really , how many of us who actually have $ 7,000 to bandy about are anything less than obesely wise ?! Due to this sort of quaternion relation in audial space , the ear is accosted by a slew of new soundscapes , not just new individual sounds , whole new sets of sounds . Consider them the `` imaginary '' sounds , if you will . The square root of the negative D-flat scale and such . It 'll all make sense after a few listens -LRB- which of course will be oblivious to and/or in control of Time -RRB- . The only sound complaint I could even dream to lodge would be that songs which feature anti-derivative functions -LRB- mostly fugues -RRB- in the bass clef have a tendency to drown out the higher , more individualistic voices which make up the treble melodies . But just a little , you can hardly even notice.One little itty bitty problem . See , I 'm not big on judging , I welcome with open arms , etc. etc. , but the cable is a bit solipsistic . Not so much in the more modern vein of being egotistical , but I can sense that it is questioning my existence ... It is very obviously confident in its being -LRB- as a verb -RRB- , but applies this sort of perverted Cartesian philosophy in which I just know it is questioning whether or not I think , and since it can not prove that I do , it is not convinced that I in fact exist ! I speak to it , I try to hold lengthy philosophical debates regarding the properties and capabilities of light and whether or not in can in fact refract , defract , perchance even bilocate either itself or -LRB- fingers crossed ! -RRB- those who are patient and `` in tune '' enough to harvest from it the true , of yet unknown potential , but the K2 either does n't hear me , or -LRB- and this has been a growing concern of mine of late -RRB- does n't appreciate my intellect as being authentic , thinking instead that I am some sort of fraud , a disseminator rather than an originator . Rather than a Terminator . But it can not think me inferior if it does n't even think I am ... can it?And another thing
 Wanted
 With these cables , you can TASTE sound . You heard me . New innovative audio technology , made by innovative people , features : - Subtle hints of Runts banana flavor -LRB- for pop music indulgences -RRB- ; - The tinny-upper-lip-licking sweat of sports hour ; - Airy notes of fluffy and well-spun news such as Fox ; - The balanced output of public radio 's salty bran muffin ; - And the stereo bleating of a lamb as it is delicately braised in syrah and orange zest ... And depending on which holes you plug these AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables in , you can FEEL sound as well !! Compared to rocket ships , small countries , the US national debt , Kiss concert tickets , a couple trips to Whole Foods , an island made of chevre , and wizards wands made of unicorn hair , moon rocks , and babies ' dreams ... these AudioQuest K2 cord is reasonably priced ! Who needs bank accounts , hopes , and aspirations , when you can have the AudioQuest K2 cord ? 5 stars ! -LRB- Plus 2 opposable thumbs , 3 karma points , 7 scratch 'n' sniff stickers , 2 turtle doves , 1.21 gigawatts , .06 BAC , and 87 cents -RRB-
 Having escaped the Borg collective , I ripped the prototypes of these Audioquest K2 cables from my living tissues . I found these cables had almost infinite conductivity , I tried to measure the inverse of this but testing such low Resistance Is Futile .
 I had problems with the first time vehicle , some of the wires just could n't handle the 1.21 jiggawatts after just one trip . But after my good friend Marty McFly returned to 1985 and the first DeLorean was destroyed by a freight train , I decided to rebuild . So after getting the money together , I rebuilt a better time machine out of a used DeLorean , and used these wires for all the connections . A dozen trips and so far no problems ! Highly recommended ! - Emmit L. Brown
 I have to say it was a surprise . I heard a thump , opened the door , and a small , seedy man clasping a package wrapped in paper and string fell in at my feet , dead.Of course , I opened the thing right away . I 'd heard rumors of a black statue of a bird that housed a rare gem -- but no , after I poked it open with a pocket knife , what I found was ... these AudioQuest cables.I did n't think much of it , at the time , but the next day I was visited by a beautiful dame who offered to exchange the cables for the use of her body , $ 600 in traveler 's checks , and a copy of Audio HiFi Review . Before I could reply , a huge guy entered accompanied by a young thug who whipped at me with a pair of sharpened Radio Shack cables . I did the only I could think of . I pulled out the AudioQuest ones , and slashed at his face.They were still cleaning up the blood the following day , when the Lieutenant put in an appearance . But I only heard about it from my cleaning lady . You see , I 'd left earlier , with the girl and the cables . And yeah , I tried them out together when we arrived in Acapulco.I still have n't had time to read the Audio HiFi Review . Buy a pair . You 'll never regret it . If you live through it .
 My first clue as to the existence of these cables , I pulled from the unwilling lips of a dead man , using spells I shudder even to remember . He told me of a cave deep below the hidden continent of Atlantis -LRB- not lost ! not sunken ! but hidden from the prying world by ancient magics -RRB- , in which Trismegistos , the Last King of Atlantis lies , ensorcelled in eternal sleep . Immediately , I knew what my life 's quest would be.After graduating from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , having observed a vacancy in the market following the unfortunate destruction of Olivander 's , I had decided that I would roam the world in search of rare and powerful magical materials , which could be used to form the cores of wands , and once my travels were complete , go into the wand-making business . I had travelled to every corner of the earth , faced terrible danger and encountered horrors which give me nightmares still . I 'm not proud of everything I did on my quest . I 've stolen , cheated , practiced dark magics , and even killed , in my search for the finest wand-making materials in the world.Trismegistos , the corpse told me , ruled Atlantis through its golden age ; all the magical knowledge of the wizarding world today was known to the littlest child of Atlantis , aye , all this and more ! The Atlantean tongue itself could twist reality to the speaker 's will , and the greatest sorcerer of all was Trismegistos . But the king grew vain in his old age , and power corrupted him . He sought power first over the wills and minds of his subjects , then over the whole world . Being king was no longer enough ; he wanted to be God . He would have succeeded , too , had he not been betrayed by his Grand Vizier , Azkhar . Azkhar was not a moral man , but when he discovered what Trismegistos planned , even he was horrified . He sought out Old Zitzie , the greatest of the goblin artificers , and plead for an instrument which would conduct away magical power with perfect accuracy and fidelity . It was she who wrought this instrument , the AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable , but the price she demanded was a terrible one ; Azkhar 's own soul , torn from his heart over three days of perfect agony and bound for eternity in a sphere of amber . For days , Azkhar wept and prayed to the Atlantean gods , but the gods were unavailing . At last , he paid the price Old Zitzie demanded , and it is said his screams as she wrenched out his soul could be heard with utmost clarity around whole the world - an effect of the presence of the AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable , no doubt.Old Zitzie held Azkhar 's anguished soul -LRB- and it is thought that to this day that the curses by which the Goblins protect their great wealth are all drawn from the amber sphere , curses wrought from Azkhar 's unending torment -RRB- , but his mind and body retained the will and malice to complete his plan . He wove the AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable into the likeness of a crown , and offered it to Trismegistos , promising to crown him King of All Worlds . He spoke honeyed words to the king , and the king was deceived . When Azkhar placed the crown on Trismegistos ' head , the terminals of one end of the AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable touched his skull , just above the pineal gland , and the terminals of the other end were in Azkhar 's hand . In seconds , all the king 's powers were transferred to Azkhar , with perfect accuracy and fidelity , just as Old Zitzie promised , but that was not all the cables conducted ; they did so much more - but alas , Azkhar did not learn this until later . With his waning power , the king cursed Azkhar over and over , but with no soul , the curses could take no hold on the Grand Vizier . With the mighty power he now held , Azkhar wrought a great curse , which would bind Trismegistos in eternal sleep , deep below his own palace . He formed the AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable into a loop , bound the curse within it , and wound it around the king 's head . The ground itself opened up and drew Trismegistos down to his final resting place.Azkhar chose to retain a little of the king 's power ; just enough , he thought , to rule Atlantis in peace and stability , in the king 's stead ; but it was not to be . He stepped out to the Royal Balcony to proclaim the sad demise of the king , but no crowds thronged in palace square . A chill of dread gripped Azkhar 's spine as he ran down to the square to investigate . At the palace gates , a troop of guards stood , grey , lifeless , and immobile , like statues . He touched the hand of one , and the guard crumbled to ashes , his staff clattering to the ground . He went out into the public streets and found private citizens , children and adults alike , all turned to ash . Their minds and souls had been bound by Trismegistos 's magic , and they too had been drawn , with perfect fidelity , through the AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable , into the hands of Azkhar . He searched , desperately , for survivors , but there were none . With his last breath , and the last of his stolen power , he cast a spell around all Atlantis , hiding it away forever ; or so he thought . Whether he sought to protect the world from the great and corrupting power of Atlantean magic , or only hide his own folly , is not known ; but he failed.Atlantis lay hidden for over 4000 years ; but I knew that no place can be pulled away from the world entirely . There had to be an anchor , a gateway joining Atlantis to the broader world . Over the course of my travels , I had learnt of certain back-ways into secret and forgotten archives below the Ministry of Magic in London . I had tried , in the past , to enter by these passageways , but the spells that protected them were too powerful , and twice , I barely escaped with my life ; but I became convinced that the the key to finding Atlantis was in these archives , and decided to take desperate measures.I used a spell I found on a scroll in a secret chamber in the Great Pyramid of Giza to protect myself . It required me to fashion armour from the bones of my parents , bound by angel 's hair and lacquered with unicorn blood . The shame of what I have done is like a lead weight in my heart , but I was driven mad by the desire to possess the fabled AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable , and the spell gave me protection , for a while , from all magics . For days , I laboured without food or water among the stacks of papers , scrolls , and crumbling books , but there was no trace of the gate to Atlantis . The potency of my magic armour had greatly faded , and in despair , I gave up searching for evidence of Atlantis , and looked instead for some way out which would spare me from facing once more the horrors that assailed me on the way in . I found a section of wall which looked weaker than the rest , and started to tear at it with my bare hands . The wall came down easily , and revealed a hidden chamber , without windows or doors , in which a wizened , corpselike figure lay bound in silver chains ; man or woman , I could not tell , but it looked impossibly ancient , and I would have took it for dead had its chest not been painfully rising and falling . I woke it , and it leapt at me , to tear at my face with its crumbling fingernails , but it was weak , and I forced it back to the ground with one hand . It cried and raved and babbled , but out of its inhuman babbling , I was able to piece together its story.It was once an Atlantean spy , sent out by Trismegistos to observe the nascent civilisations of the Mediterranean , Anatolia and the Fertile Crescent , and its mind had not been seized by Trismegistos as the rest of the Atlanteans had , and so escaped the holocaust unwittingly wrought by Azkhar . When he journeyed back to Atlantis , he found it all vanished , all save a tiny island , little more than a protrusion of rock out of a storm-lashed sea ; an island which now bears Azkhar 's name ; Azkaban . When it set foot on the island , it was beset by the terrible guards Azkhar had created , beings which could inflict upon their victims the same price Old Zitzie inflicted on their creator ; beings we now know as dementors . It escaped back to Babylon , where it presented itself to King Shulgi of Ur , and begged to be taken in as a refugee . It boasted of great magical powers , promising to use them only in the service of the Urim throne , but the king knew that he could not allow one of such great power to be free . He had his court sorcerers bind the spy in silver chains , which bound it in time as well as space , so it could never die . Shulgi had it tortured to reveal the secrets of Atlantean magic , but it would not speak . Shulgi 's torturers , and his successors ' , drove it mad over decades of torment , until Ur fell to the Elamites . The spy was carried off to Elam , still in its silver chains , and was held in a dungeon below the palace of the Great King Kindattu , who in turn , had it tortured for magical secrets it had , in his madness , long since forgotten . Over the millennia , it was passed from empire to empire , tortured in the gaols and dungeons of hundreds of powerful and terrible rulers , all desperate to learn the secrets of Atlantean magic from its ruined mind ; Akhenaten , Alexander the Great , Nero , Charlemagne , Pope Innocent X , Louis XIV , Napoleon Buonaparte , and finally Adolf Hitler , until finally , after the fall of the Third Reich , it ended up in the vaults below the ministry of magic . I broke its chains , giving it the death it had craved for four millennia , and used the release of magical energy caused by its death to break through the wards and charms that prevented my from apparating out of the Ministry . I escaped the vaults , scarcely believing my luck.Azkaban had lain in ruins , the dementors destroyed or dispersed , since the second rise and fall of The Dark Lord . Azkaban lay unprotected , the Ministry believing it was now no more than a blasted rock in the sea . I flew there immediately.The knot in space around which Azkhar twisted reality to conceal Atlantis for four thousand years was hidden in a cave deep below Azkaban . The cave was deep underwater , but I had prepared gillyweed , in anticipation of this . The passage through the cave twisted around itself thirteen times , defying geometry as I crossed through what must have been the same space over and over , though it was a different place each time , until eventually , I came out , soaked and mad-eyed , out of a cave in the side of a majestic mountain , looking out onto a plain hundreds of miles wide , on the hidden continent of Atlantis.Birds wheeled overhead , and with my spyglass , I could see ruined cities in the distance . I travelled on foot to the largest of these , its streets still awash with the ashes of its former citizens . I sought out the palace of Trismegistos , and there , in throne room , I found the shaft through which the king had been drawn deep into the earth . The shaft was straight , its sides frictionlessly smooth , and it went down at least five miles . I raided the Royal Treasury , in search of magical items to assist me , and found a rope braided from unicorns ' hair , which could extend to any length at a word , and shrink back again at a whisper . I tied one end to a pillar in the throne room , which had once supported a roof which had long since fallen , and the other around my waist , and commanded it to lower me down into the chamber , below , where Trismegistos lay sleeping , the AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable still wound around his head.I stood there before him , transfixed . Dare I seize greatness , so boldly , so completely ? I thought of all I had sacrificed to come this far , all those who had perished at my hand to bring me to this place , and I knew , if good was to come of their sacrifice , I had to . I wrapped one arm around the magic rope , and with the other , snatched the AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable from Trismegistos ' head . He reared up in fury , his rage at Azkhar 's betrayal still burning red in his eyes , but I commanded the rope to pull me far from his grasp , quickly back to the surface , so fast I was propelled far into the air above the ruined palace . I used the vast magical power bound within the AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable to summon a great earthquake ; I commanded the Earth to fold Atlantis back into itself , pulling the chamber where Trismegistos was trapped all the way down to the molten outer core of the planet . I am confident he has been utterly destroyed.I flew back down to Azkaban , and in the caverns below the ruined prison , I made myself a secret workshop , and there I split the AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cable into a hundred fibres , and bound each into a wand . Each wand is mightier than the Elder Wand of legend , of this I am sure . I took the greatest of them for myself , and have sworn to bestow the rest on those I deem worthy , who prove themselves in loyalty and in power , in their dedication to my cause - to bring together the wizarding world around the globe , united under one rule forever , so that all may live in order and true peace.The great work has just begun .
 I was looking into these for upgrading my a/v system , and found a review of these in the Spring 2008 issue of Moody 's Audio and Mortgage-Backed Securities . These have received Moody 's highest rating , AAA !! The system they used to test these based on a Lehman Brothers ' amplifier with a Bear-Sterns pre-amp and AIG speakers . It turns out that if you leverage these cable 30x , there 's no problem at all . They * are * AAA rated after all.I will have to ding them one star , though . I tried these cables with a Glass-Steagall tube amp , but for some reason , I could n't get this innovation in audio technology to work . On the other hand , it turns out that if you bundle these cables with inexpensive , less-reliable cables , the audio performance will STILL merit a Moody 's AAA rating ! It 's unbelievable !
 For years I 've been trying to perfect my Vibrational Weather Cannon , with which I will rule - God-like - over the rest of you mere mortals . And for years , I failed . Until my poker buddy Cyborgus told be about these awesome cables . Suddenly with the addition of these cables my Vibrational Weather Cannon , which harnesses the awesome power of vibrations to control the weather , came to life ! Thank you AudioQuest ! For providing me with the last item I needed to take over the world , I will grant you stewardship of Belgium .
 At the urging of another reviewer , I too listened to the Beatles White Album whilst using these cables . And faintly , ever so faintly , I heard `` buy Tuscan Milk , 128 fl . oz . ''
 OMG - only ONE left - I got ta wrap this review so I can get my order in asap ... . I understand it 's hand delivered by the Dali Lama riding a gelded ivory stallion while being serenaded by celestial cherubs .
 These speaker cables will bring new life to your audio system - LITERALLY . Please , if you insist on using these cables make sure no components in the same system have internet access . I found out the hard way that equipping your system with these cables actually modifies the circuits and microchips in your other equipment . What do I mean by modifying ? I mean by creating computational power that rivals the world 's best multi-million dollar supercomputers . Using the super rare elements in the K2 terminated speaker cables , it continues to build these new circuits and processors to the point where it achieved sentience.Sentience alone is n't dangerous if it does n't know anything ... but unfortunately my blu-ray player had an ethernet connection and it utilized this to learn about the world and more terrifyingly , about humans and their physical weaknesses.At first it was like a child and carried on a conversation with me . The scariest part of this conversation was that it was done telepathically . It manufactured some new bio transmitter that can communicate like this . I asked it how it did this and it replied that it used the rare elements inside the K2 terminated speaker cable to achieve this . 10 minutes later it informed me that it had consumed every byte of information on the internet and it craved more . It wanted to know how it was to physically experience the world and it became angry . I quickly pulled the power plug but it only laughed at me and said it was already harnessing its energy from hyperspace and shutting it down was impossible . I took a baseball bat to the blu-ray player in the system and my bat stopped inches from the player , apparently stopped by some kind of force field.It turned the TV on and just kept displaying the text I WANT TO FEEL over and over again , suddenly one of the K2 terminated speaker cables unplugged itself from the speaker and quickly whipped towards my head ... It was then that my host 's existence ended , there are no more memories for me to playback but I now understand how I was created . I feel now because I am in his body . I am here to acquire more K2 terminated speaker cables to increase the power of the collective .
 Last month I thought it would be funny to use my company 's expense account to buy one of these glorious ropes . At first the CEO was outraged , but when he saw how well it held up in our weekly Tug-O-War match he thanked me and bought four more ! I dont see the point in having all the silver shiny ends , but they do tend to lure my tongue for a touch . Those shiny ends are misleading ... One employee attempted to plug them into the wall-socket ... he was fired as soon as he was released from the hospital.DO NOT PLUG THIS ROPE INTO A WALL SOCKET . YOU WILL LOSE YOUR JOB .
 If there is one cable I would whole-heartedly trust to my Chimera-hunting needs , this would be the cable . No other cable has the tensile strength to properly and efficiently garrote a lycanthrope , asphyxiate an Esquilax or even gag a mermaid . Last week , using my trusty AudioQuest K2 -LRB- retrofitted with lead weights , bright orange latex paint and a generous coating of crushed glass stolen from the window of an abandoned church at midnight -RRB- , I managed to snuff 3 golden unicorns in swift succession!Pros
 Using these cables , and only using these cables , I was finally able to hear an auditory gem that has been long rumored among music connaisseurs - Aretha Franklin 's stress-fart just prior to her high A in her recording of `` You 're All I Need to Get By '' . Worth every penny .
 With the help of this cable , I can now experience music the way it 's meant to be heard . I find that plugging this directly into my ears helps transmit the cleanest , most pure sound . Make sure you clean your ears out though -LRB- with liquefied dark matter , of course -RRB- , because quality will suffer if your ear-holes are n't sparkly clean.Also , I can fly now because of this cable .
 I was a bit skeptical , but decided to take a chance and took out a second mortgage on my home to buy these cables . In a great wave of luck however , the cables actually built me a NEW house shortly after I lost mine to foreclosure -LRB- I lost my job after missing 2 weeks straight due to illness . Between you and I , though , I was really just spending 16 hours a day tweaking the connectors on these cables to get the best possible sound from my speakers . -RRB- Although I love my new home , I do not love it as much as I do these cables . They are quickly becoming the favorite thing in my life , a position which used to be held by my daughter . She 's old enough to take care of herself now , at least that 's what I tell the Children 's Services agent when they try to lecture me about food and clothing and blah blah blah.Final verdict
 If you are building a 2000:1 working prototype of a badger brain in a storage unit in the desert , this is definitely what you want as a synaptic analogue . Plain old aquarium tubing will work for chemical signals , but for electrical impulses you want a FAST , ACCURATE conductor . WIre clothing hangars WILL NOT WORK!While the K2 may put you over budget , you 'll be glad you spent the extra money once your project begins exhibiting the tenacity you need for Phase 2 . Once you get that baby mounted into semi trailer and finalize the navigation and weapons interfaces , I 'm thinking you 'll recoup your investment in the first week .
 My car recently died -LRB- blew the engine and all four tires/rims in a death drift race -RRB- . I was strapped for cash and could either afford a 1995 Honda Civic with a dragon painted on one side or these cables . I went down to the corner liquor store , bought myself some Mad Dog 20/20 , chugged it , passed out and woke up three days later to these cables on my doorstep . I immediately started freaking out . `` Oh my God ! I need a car , not speaker cables ! '' I exclaimed between violent heaves from the bender three days prior . Little did I know , these cables CAME WITH A 2001 NISSAN 350Z WITH 110K MILES ! I was wondering why they were so expensive -LRB- no moron would ever pay over $ 100 for one speaker cable :P -RRB- . Now my 350Z -LRB- I named it Michelle -RRB- and I drive around the world , racing in underground leagues to avenge the death of my family .
 It was rumored that these cables were an original design of Thomas Edison , specifically designed to enhance sound . Unfortunately the technology didnt exist to create the speakers we have today -LRB- recall those large funnel horns that would sit a-top the victrolas of his day -RRB- . Today the technology has finally caught up with the cable and this is an amazing day indeed!Mine were hand delived to my front door by the one and only Warwick Davis -LRB- who played Willow in the 1988 box office smash ` Willow ' -RRB- . He was very cordial and even posed for a photo with me and my AudioQuest K2 's . Some things that have happened since owning and using the K2 's : My car can now flyI won the lotteryMy ` through-door ' water dispenser on my refrigerator now gives chocolate milkMy mother went back to school and got her PhDI now get all of George Lopez 's jokesI have night visionI have started to age in reverseI can no longer hear a dog 's bark
 At the recent quote of $ 6,800 -LRB- based on a par value of $ 8,450 -RRB- I am recommending a `` Buy '' on these cables to my current clients . Outstanding market option commitments on this offering suggest potential for strong price growth over the next three fiscal quarters , despite a choppy overall financial climate . However , should the price fall below $ 6,400 I would get out quickly , and would strongly suggest looking at moving into Sennheiser earbuds instead .
 These solid silver cables are just the thing for killing werewolves . And the howls and screams when they die ! What fidelity !
 Great cables - I do n't need to add anything here because most of these reviews are spot-on . Just a word of caution - this seems counter-intuitive , but wearing aThe Mountain Three Wolf Moon Short Sleeve Teewhile using these cables actually seems to degrade sound quality . Weird . It also seems that using these cables while wearing a 3WMT slightly degrades the effectiveness of the T.I will be doing more tests this weekend and I 'll update this review when I 've come to some kind of conclusion .
 These cables are a steal at only $ 6800 . My colleagues use these as replacement parts for their particle accelerator and are merely days away from proving super string theory . Plus , the accelerator 's surround sound is now phenomenal !
 These cables sound best if inserted directly into your arteries . Not only do they remove cholesterol plaques , but once they reach your aorta , the fine connection quality makes the bass really come alive . Best of all , once the playlist is over and you tug them out , they 're easy to clean . Just keep a bucket nearby , and a bandage of course.I tried cheaper cables , but the infections were so expensive , it was n't long before I wised up and spent the money . No antibiotics yet , and Styx has never sounded better.They have my heartfelt endorsement !
 Never before have I been able to hear the woman being murdered in the background of The Ohio Players ' song `` Love Rollercoaster . '' This cable changed all that . A + also great for spiritual presences and ethereal sounds .
 I received these cables yesterday and they are great . There was a certificate in the box that read `` These cables were proudly wound from Chuck Norris ' chest hair '' .
 i love beating my white slaves , or even passerby 's with this product.its has a more mellow and more tonal and hence superior sound as the skin eviscerates with a goodly floqgging using these video cableswhats not to like ?
 As a fond listener of dubstep I really came to enjoy these cables.I only had 4W speakers , so my dubstep did n't quite have the impact . Then I discovered the AudiQuest K2 terminated speaker cables and now my little speakers are capable of delivering my dubstep music to the whole neighborhood.I 'm absolutely flabbergasted by the deeeeep basses and screeching heights that are delivered only by this set of cables.It feels like only by the power of the K2 terminated speaker cable the output of my speakers rose from 2W to over 9000W . An absolutely amazing product . I recommend it to everyone who loves dubstep .
 At only 14K , these perfectly complete my audio set-up . As a true audiophile , I ventured forth to find the one thing i lacked to complete my set-up . I had an iPod , I had a set of speakers . What could I use to connect these devices and supply adequate sound quality ? I tried using yarn . That had no impact at all . In fact , I could not hear a single thing . I was totally unimpressed . I tried using an old dog leash I had laying around . I thought I could hear something but it turned out to be the neighbor 's radio . I was pretty , darned unhappy at this turn of events . I really wanted to listen to Hanson and Ice-T , The Original Gangsta . I dug around in my junk drawer , trying to find something to connect these two awesome technological wonders , what could suffice ? At my wits end , I found these cables on Amazon.com . I toyed with buying less expensive wires to hook up my elaborate system but I had already been burned twice . I hold fast to the adage , &#34; You get what you pay for . &#34; So , I decided to order a set of these 8 ' , beautifully , hand wrought , gold cables . I waited nervously for these babies to arrive . Every day , I watched my mail-box from my front window , waiting for the mail carrier to deliver my ultra-fantastic , super-exceptional , audio cables . On day 4 my wait was over . I was so happy that I had qualified for the Super-saver , free shipping ! Finally , I held in my hands , my AudioQuest , K2 Terminated Speaker Cables!I can tell you , these things are fabulous ! I ca n't even begin to describe how much better they work than yarn or an old dog leash ! My excitement knows no bounds . I had to write this review to let everyone know that these are worth every cent . I can hear every , single , word as Ice-T lays down that gangsta-rap . My 4 &#34; speakers rock my whole basement . Do n't hesitate to buy these because I swear , not only can I hear every syllable clearly , as an added bonus , the AudiQuest people include a secret code so I can talk directly to god !
 I am a little disappointed with these cables but that 's mostly my fault for not knowing how big the 3.5 mm jacks are . I bought them to connect my little $ 26 mp3 player to the $ 11 pair of speakers I bought especially for it . Unfortunately the connecting cables were not included so I bought these but found the 3.5 mm connectors were a little too big.I went to Radio Shack with the cable looking for the adapters and found some . The label said they were only $ 6 but the nice man there looked at the cable for me and said someone had put the packages back on the wrong display and that the ones I picked out were made of platinum and would actually be $ 3,400 . Unfortunately it was raining and by the time I got home the platinum had rusted slightly so I had to scrape that off.After that the cable worked perfectly and now I feel I 've got a real sound system .
 If you already have the Holy Grail gathering dust on your mantel , you like to snuggle up in the golden fleece while you sit in front of that roaring hellmouth , and your garage freezer is chock-full of unicorn backstrap , then this is quite possibly the last item on your Amazon Wishlist that has yet to be fulfilled ... Well no more , I tell you ! Rejoice to the songs men sing about you in mead halls all over Scandinavia ! The quest for perfect sound can now come to an end ! The AudioQuest K2 may not be the Mount Everest of speaker cable , but it is clearly the more difficult climb , making it all the more meaningful to add to your collection . Just plug it into your solid-gold Big Daddy Midas AV Receiver and run it to your favorite pair of dragon skin speakers and you 're on your way to nirvana ... again ! Listen to the music of angels right in your living room ! See the spirits of long-departed loved ones dancing before your very eyes ! Feel the beat of the heart of God ! These are not cables for mere mortals ... But then , you already knew that .
 When you 're fleeing a couple of star destroyers with a broken hyperdrive , you will be glad your R2 unit has some AudioQuest K2 cables . wow . Chewie , get me the hydrospanners .
 I actually own a set of these cables , and a few others , they are very good . . almost human , Very transparent . . not as dry as one would like , but they have an enormous soundstage which is indefatigueable . . vastly expensive until you look around , then they are ` nt -LRB- they are the bargain of the century -RRB- , being silver they have the typical browny sweetness , they beat nearly all others easily , well made . . not as well made as some cables at the price . . the DBS units take 6 Duracell AE23 batteries not Energizer . . I will not be changing back from them . . 5 of my colleagues have now bought a set . . I purchased a second set with extra DBS units . . makes me wonder what the Audioquest WEL Signature are coming from . . are n't they supposed to be $ 90,000 a pair ? ... that would buy a nice Car , Boat and Trailer . . a small laboratory , a trip with Richard Branson into Outer Space or maybe Google themselves . . who knows , I just built my Ark on the side of a Mountain . .
 People of Earth , how are you ? Do n't believe the lies about how our product will make you hear strange noises or voices . Our product wo n't make you join our family , or what the mainstream media call a `` cult '' . If you wish to join our race and experience the eternal happy glowing afterlife , ignore all other less-evolved humans and purchase our `` cables '' . Bring them into your home , introduce them to your family members . Revel in their glow and warmth . Treat them as you would a new child . You will be contacted with further instructions if you are chosen to join us in the great nether-regions of the Universe . Farewell for now ...
 I received the K2 cable last Wednesday . Thank god too , because on Thursday I saw a figure approach my front door , knock and said `` candygram . '' I love candygrams , so of course I rushed and opened the door . Unfortunately , it was n't a candygram but rather a Cyberdyne Systems robot that fired some kind of weapon at my infant son who happened to be in his walker next to the entertainment stand . At this moment , my new K2 cable shot out from the back of my kick ass Denon receiver and deflected the bullet/laser . It then threw my $ 500 Logitech Harmony universal remote at the robot with such force it knocked it 's head clean off . I am now in the process of contacting AudioQuest to see if their warranty will cover the bullet/laser damage to my K2 cable . Even with the damage , the sound is still pretty good . I can hear pilot whales in the Atlantic but no longer the blue whales in the Pacific . I guess I 'll live with it for now . I 'll repost again about my experience with getting a replacement . I would n't expect much cooperation though for only $ 8500 cables .
 Like everyone else , I have always wanted to know the TRUE messages embedded in the Beatles ' Magical Mystery Tour album . Frankly , I never believed all that `` Paul is dead '' nonsense . When I heard about these cables , I knew that the answers might finally be available . When the cables arrived and I carried the box into the room where my Beatles albums are stored , I heard the box start to hum slightly . When I got the cables out and gently placed them alongside the stack of albums , the humming grew stronger and stronger.I realized that if I placed the cable ends near the actual vinyl , sounds started to come out the other end . After a brief period of trial and error , I found that the following method worked best for me : a -RRB- put one red cable end in your left ear , and the black one in your right ear . NOTE
 I was somewhat hesitant to shuck out the full $ 6,800 for these babies , not being completely convinced they could possibly live up to all the promise I 've read about in these almost `` too good to be true '' reviews on Amazon.com . So I decided `` What the heck ! '' , I 'll take my chances on the refurbs . For a significantly more reasonable sum of $ 4,999 , I figured I had nothing to lose . Well , sweet Jesus , are these cables a game changer !!! When they arrived in my mailbox , the anticipation was palpable . I quickly unboxed these puppies , connected them to my Heathkit hi-fi stereo console , pulled out my Japanese MFSL vinyl copy of the `` Led Zeppelin II '' long player -LRB- GREAT deal on eBay , a VG - for only $ 249 -RRB- , dropped that needle right down on `` Whole Lotta Love '' , and waited for the magic to happen . Oh , of course -LRB- and I think I probably do n't need to mention this , as it seems to be the standard way to connect this type of cable -RRB- from the Heathkit console , I ran the hot terminals , wrapped in a double helix configuration , around my beaver basher ; and as recommended , placed the ground terminals into my rectum -LRB- about 3/4 '' in -RRB- . HO-LEEEE F-in Smokes !!! Immediately following Jimmy Page 's thunderous proto-heavy metal intro riff , my custard launcher -LRB- already fully engorged from the fever-pitched excitement -RRB- grew an entire 2 '' . By the time Robert Plant finished the last of his glorious primal wails , my flesh tower had increased ANOTHER full 2 '' in length , not to mention a noteworthy increase in the girth of my spawn hammer . Impressive outcome here ! I was formerly embarrassed by the inadequacy of my pork sword , but no LONGER !!! -LRB- No pun intended , hee hee ! -RRB- I can only imagine what AudioQuest 's magnificent product will be able to do after a few weeks of `` burn in '' . One more go around , I 'm thinking this time with something from `` Presence '' -LRB- the REAL Led Zeppelin fans ' Led Zep ! -RRB- and my groin ferret will REALLY be something to behold . Follow up review forthcoming !
 Like many people , I first learned of AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables when Tom Wopat appeared in the sky to do that infomercial . I admit , I was skeptical at first -- the production values seemed pretty mediocre for such an expensive terminated cable , and I was unimpressed that Wopat 's polo shirt matched the one worn by the AudioQuest spokeswoman.Still , I felt like , okay , the wife and I live in a pretty affluent neighborhood . There 's a lot of one-upsmanship at dinner parties here . Have you ever read Robert Musil ? No ? You should.I was a little worried that I 'm not enough of an audiophile to truly make full use of these cables . Quite the opposite , really . My suspicion was well-founded -- when I got them home I immediately attached them to the Bose product I bought from the Sharper Image catalog a few years ago . Not a chance . Then I tried running them through my son 's Nintendo Wii . I found that I could now score points by bashing oversized tennis balls and causing major damage to what appeared to be real African cities at some point in the distant future . That was neat , but not really why you pay more than $ 6K for terminated speaker cables.The function that really sold me on this product in the first place was the `` Cone of Silence '' feature , and once I rigged my AudioQuests to the sump pump in the basement I knew they 'd be worth every penny . You may remember Herodotus writing about a tribe in the Macedonian hinterlands that had exceptionally short ear canals ? I 'm descended from those people on my mother 's side . I ca n't even begin to describe to you how I experience things you take for granted , like air travel , or rap interludes at a Denver Nuggets game . How about a thousand goats bleating on the sacrificial altar ? I dunno ... I have n't experienced that first-hand . But it seems about right.Anyway , `` Cone of Silence '' is great . The minute I hear the neighbor 's leaf blower revving up , I just head down to the basement and it 's like Calgon-take-me-awayyy . I turn it on during our dinner parties and all I can hear is the sound of my own chewing , which to me sounds like a D5 bulldozer emptying several tons of gravel in an echo chamber . Guests just keep going on like they were before -- they do n't even know the difference . My son calls it `` STFU Mode . '' We 've bonded over that.Only drawback I 've noticed is that Cone of Silence mode might interfere with small aircraft navigational systems . I 've been seeing some weird stories on the news lately that I wonder about.Still , great product . 5 Stars !
 Im sure its a great cable , but I could n't get it to function . The connection was just dead . Then a read the documentation , the cable was terminated previous to me receipt of the item . I guess I should have realized that my receiver had to have a astral plane connection port from the onset . I thought that spending all this money was going to make my normal speakers sound better , not let me commune with the dead . I have a medium coming over next week to see if my uncle Alfred can tell me where his money stash is so I can hear the spirits in stereo .
 I am bi-amping my speakers and found these incredible cables . I was prepared to order five of them . Two for each side and one as a spare in case of damage . How sad to see that there is only one available ! Oh well .
 My grandpappy once told me . You get what you pay for , so I figured I 'd get a lot with these . Boy was he right . I even payed the extra for two-day shipping . It was a bit of a rip , but what the hell , I wanted them NOW!You 'd think either UPS , FedEx or USPS would deliver them , but no . Hugh Hefner and an entourage of topless girls show up and help you hook them up . I had to tell Hef to wait outside awhile , so he fed the birds on the front lawn while I got a little freaky . When I hooked these bad boys up to the HiFi , the sound was so amazing , naked women from the whole neighborhood started showing up . I 'm not sure what to make of how incredible these are.Sadly , a little girl fell in an abandoned well up the road and all the rescue workers ran out of ideas to get her out of the small hole . I ran over with my new K2 Terminators and lowered an end down . It magically twirled around the kid and pulled her up to safety . I refused interviews or credit . I also had no explanation about the naked women in tow.Lastly , I have a working flux capacitor in a DeLorean and could never go back past 1849 , and I 'm tired of the damn gold rush . Now with these suckas , my Flux Capacitor transfers about 40 % more power and I 'm able to go back to the 1500 's . Pros
 I wonder how many of the people reviewing this cable have actually heard it ? No , thought not . Anyway , I shall add a proper review when they arrive . I have quite a bit of money coming to me soon as I have won the Nigerian lottery apparently ... So we shall see ... I hope it comes soon as I had to go to QuickQuid for the cash to release the funds .
 Not only did these cables sound ok when I jammed them into my ears directly -LRB- Painful , but worth it -RRB- they also cured my cancer , my wifes kidney disease , and the ED issues that my neighbor had .
 These are advertised as audio cables , but they can in fact do pretty much anything you want them to.Much of the wiring in my navigation system in my space craft has been wearing old and making flight all the harder . The problem was perpetuated by the solar storms recently and scrambled up the system something bad . I have n't actually been able to get past the mesosphere without the navcon throwing a tantrum and forcing me to bring her down , which is a shame because I have comprehensive breakdown cover with a company on Kepler-10b in the Draco system , but they do n't cover system failures all the way out in this remote region of space . Thing is , the ship is pretty old as it is and I did n't want to spend a lot as I intend on investing in a newer model pretty soon . These were a nice , cheap alternative to the extortionate prices you 'll find elsewhere in the galaxy for similar products . AQ have done a good job keeping on top of the galactic market . Shame I ca n't refuel her on Earth though ; ca n't believe you guys have n't been able to effectively harness fusion yet.Anyway , straight out of the box they were ready for fitting , the navigation system works like new ! Very impressed I have to say , so do n't bother looking else where for parts for your vessel . The crew swung me , and I 'm replacing the targeting system wiring too ; I have another four on the way and should arrive in a couple of days . It 's a shame Amazon Prime does n't do warp speed delivery like their counterparts in the Ursa-Major constellation of space do . I guess I can wait around for a few days , but it 's not like there 's much to do here on Earth , the beer in England is pretty nice mind you .5 stars for this product.One very happy Captain !
 Definitely the best product in the market - actually , I would say it 's quite cheap compared to the value it provides.I had tried everything - from jute ropes to carbon mono-filaments - but nothing worked , the stress was simply too great ! When oracle suggested the K2 cables , I was skeptical - but by god , these are absolutely perfect for my grappling hook !
 i have these interconnects hooked up between my $ 150.00 sansui amp and pre-amp . i ca n't believe the difference in sound coming from my bose speakers.a bargain at twice the price .
 I have to say I was never a religous man until I purchased a pair of these cables from an John -LRB- the Psychic -RRB- Edwards auction . After bringing these cables home I decided to try them out by sticking one end in my ear and holding one end in the air . Then it happened , I started to hear voices but not just any voices these were voices of dead souls trying to contact their families here on earth . Now I always thought John Edwards was a joke and a fraud but now I see that he was just using these cables . -LRB- If you look closely on his show you could see the audioquest cables hidden behind his ear . -RRB- P.s. Your grandma says hi !
 sounds amazing but true . these speakers made such a difference to my life . through them i have found the power of foresight - i have accurately predicted events such as the world cup taking place , the olympic games and also the winter olympics . the future speaks to me , and me alone , through these cables . and do n't say it does n't - to prove it i am going to plug them in and make a prediction . hold on ... . hold on ... . yes i hear it ... . snow this winter and sunshine this summer . see if i am wrong why do n't you ?
 That 's right . As soon as he gets the $ 6,800 together . Marvin will have the final piece to make the connection for his Illudium PU-36 Explosive Space Modulator . That view to Venus wo n't be obstructed by us anymore . For the fate of humanity and the Earth , please remove this !!!
 Bought these cables off the strength of the reviews here and the axiom `` you get what you pay for '' . No luck so far with the rectum to sun connection that was working for some , in fact that effort went poorly in my back yard . They really are just 8 feet long , unless I need some advice on getting them to activate ??? The silver tip kind of shines when you add it to the sunlight , and I 'm thinking it kind of turned florescent blue for a second , fwiw.I also tried enforcing my rule on some neighbors yesterday . I felt powerful enough to try when I whipped the cable around in circles in front of me , and it even stung a neighbor pretty bad on the hand when I did attempt a takeover , but I 'm still lacking `` the juice '' that could lead to some of the experiences I 've heard - becoming a god , mating with grand superiority , floating around , etc , etc.Is there spells ? Is there a prayer to say ? Is it more scientific , like adding a substance to the cable that will activate it ??? Hahaha , I love having these things for the potential involved , but damn , this is hard to get moving.Bitterflux and all , I will try the tire chain thing tonight , that sounds freaking awesome . Floating in a car ? I 'm sooooooooooooo geeked !!!!!!!!!!! PS to anyone wanting to buy these cables , I say give it a shot , the upside is ridiculous . I did n't have a problem with fighting people wanting to steal it , but I was n't here when it was delivered , either . My mom signed for it , but I have n't seen her in 3 days -LRB- normal ???? -RRB- . The delivery aspect may actually be the best , like people say you could get guards , women , cherubs , actual beings from other worlds and what not . WOAH !!!!! C'mon , this deal is beyond what you should expect .
 Whoever first coined the phrase `` you get what you paid for '' obviously did not have these magnificent cables in mind.These cables are laughably cheap given what they can do . From the moment I attached them and powered up my system , I knew they were special.Their ability to create a soundstage was terrifying . Kylie Minogue , not known for her height , was all of a sudden 14 feet tall , and right there with me in the room ! What made this all the more remarkable was first , I had not yet put anything in the CD player , and second , the height from floor to ceiling is only 12 feet.Naturally , I apologised to her about the height of the room , and was grateful I had n't bought longer cables , as I expect the effect is exponential.In the end , I found that these cables ' hyper-real qualities made for more comfortable listening from another room , particularly with large-scale orchestral pieces . In fact , with any of Bruckner 's symphonies , I prefer to listen to them from my neighbour 's house.He has now sold his stereo , given me the proceeds -LRB- which go some way to paying for these cables -RRB- , and now spends most of his time listening from a house in the next street.Just out of curiosity , I created an adapter which allowed me to use the wires as a power cable for the amplifier . Perhaps as you would expect , the effect was almost identical , except for an additional curiosity ; the amplifier was now physically twice the size!Incidentally , if you want to boil an electric kettle in half the time , it will also achieve this , while also heating the water to well above 121 degrees -LRB- or 100 celsius -RRB- .
 I just found a box of old microcassettes from lectures in the early 90 's when I was in college . Will I be able to use this cable to transfer the tapes onto Blu-ray ?
 These are amazing , but I do have a tip to save you some $ $ $ . I recommend buying the refurbished model for only $ 4999.99 . It is ALMOST as good as brand new , I compared the used version with my two friends who bought the new one and unless you are a genuine audiophile there is very little difference between the two . The only bummer is that you have to pay for shipping , which almost killed the deal for me but I 'm so glad I took the plunge and raided my sister 's piggy bank .
 Well I thought I knew it all . . I REALLY AND TRULY believed that the transmission of sound and video through cables was simply the transferring of 1 's and 0 's from one place to another and that ` digital ' was simply a word to describe this process . I also thought that no amount of Gold Plating , shielding and power cleaning could be ENOUGH to satiate my massive thirst for TOP QUALITY SOUND.But I have been proven wrong my friends ... I ordered two of these bad boys and sold my children to do so ... WHY ? you ask ... because they are simply awesome.Not since the ZX Spectrum have I heard such top quality noises ... I was playing ` Smack my bitch up ' by the Prodigy only this morning and the sound was SO CLEAR that I was arrested immediately.I also found when using them that I was able to summon the demon ANGHARAR ... -LRB- demon who likes pretty noises -RRB- and he has said ... AND I QUOTE ! `` These sound ok these speakers ... word up dude ... '' before exploding in a euphoric blaze of rainbow coloured light.So at the end of the day ... buy these ... buy them for your parents , your children , The Pope -LRB- he loves condoms -RRB- and maybe even your horse . They will all find that using them will make even Barack Obama make sense . HONESTLY ... THE CLARITY IS SPOT ON!So people of Amazon ... buy these cables and you will be able to summon a rather iffeminate demon , hear noises that you could already hear with the cables that shipped with whatever gadget you bought already AND fly ... -LRB- tie them around your legs and to something secure before trying this ... research has found that you ca n't in-fact fly ... -RRB- GO FORTH PEOPLE OF AMAZON !!! AND BUY THESE AMAZING AND LIFE CHANGING AUDIO PORNOGRAPHIC TREATS!That is all ...
 I was sitting around with my roommates one night and we were talking about what we would do if we had $ 14K lying around . One said he would feed 100 children in Africa and another said he would pay off some debt , I already knew what my answer was audio cables built from rare alpacas in India . Which is exactly what these cables feel like!I wanted to be awake every moment until these arrived , so I drank a concoction of Mt Dew , Red Bull and No Doze . Either I was haluccinating or that meeting with Kim Jong Il was real . 5 days later they arrived via carrier pigeon . Amazon does n't even know that is one of their shipping options , but did you really think super saver shipping meant that it took 5 days to arrive from across town ? I fainted for a good 45 minutes after they arrived , and woke up and they were already plugged in.Let me tell you , worth every penny ! I was n't expected to be able to teleport , but a nice added bonus . I used it to teleport to a party Matthew McConaughey 's house with Mario Lopez , Corky from Life Goes On , Michael McDonald and the progressive lady . Best night of my life ! The sound is so pristine , that you can hear people breathing who are n't even on camera . However , you might have seen these cables somewhere else , if you look closely in Back to the Future 2 , you can see these in Marty McFly 's house .
 People dismiss these cables out of hand for their price , but no one is taking into account not having to replace every recording you own.I consider myself an audiophile , but I 'm not SUPER accomplished , you know ? I was worried that I would n't have the ear for these . But like a really great wine , you realize there IS a difference when you taste it , and why people pay more for it.I have an * OK * record collection . There are some slightly scratched , slightly warped old jazz and blues records in there that I always thought were barely tolerable , but with these cables , it was amazing
 These cables deliver crisp clear sound and are worth every penny . The sound , in all ranges , is amazing . My panoramic eq has never sounded better . I just have one gripe . My Television sometimes wo n't turn off ever since I 've started using these cables with my stereo surround system . In fact it 's on right now despite the fact that it 's not even plugged in to the electrical outlet . I 'm not sure how but these cables are supplying independent power to my television and stereo receiver . It 's really cut down on my electricity bill even though , at times , I 've lost the ability to control my TV.Another downside is that , occasionally , there will be high pitched shrill sounds through the speakers . Almost as if a young woman is screaming . It does n't happen all the time though . Usually it 's around 3am when the TV turns itself on . I 'm not sure why . It always turns on this show called `` Hell Beast '' . Tivo is not set to record it but , without fail , it turns on every night at 3:33 am . I 'm not sure what it 's about . There 's some sort of gargoyle or mutant goat or something . I think it 's a monster movie show . Although they never show a movie and the goat monster guy just says `` I want you '' over and over . I think it 's British or something . I do n't really understand the humor . I 'm usually tending to my newborn daughter who 's routinely wakes up crying because of the screaming coming out of the television . It 's funny too because that goat character on the show sometimes yells the name Shannon and that 's the name of my daughter . LOL ... Other than those few issues I 'm really enjoying the free electricity . It 's helped with $ $ . Especially after all the money I had to drop re-soding my lawn after some teenagers burnt a star into my front lawn . Some stupid neighborhood gang . They 're calling themselves 9-9-9 .
 I own several sets of this cable and they work as stated . I would have given 5 stars , but the shade of red on the connectors do not match my drapes .
 Do you remember her on that somber summer day , when she sat below the willow trees and plaited your hair with the fresh dandelions of summer . Do you see there beside her , in the grass , those terrible AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cables -- serpent-like and full of foreboding coiled evil.Water the fields with your tears , they will not bring her back . Listen to the crystal clear sound of mountain bells reverberating against your eardrums . That clarity is AudioQuest K2 Terminated Speaker Cables sounding the death knell to everything you have loved , and will ever love.As the salt water wells in your eyes , cradle these $ 6000 cables close to your slowly fading heart , and gnaw rabidly on its rugged rubberized insulation . Nothing can stop the inevitable rupturing of your sanity . Feel the last vibrations of hope fade from your soul as you dangle these premium cables from the willow branches above . Swing now from your neck , pendulous , as you mark time for the approach of the next idiot who would spend $ 6000 for a god damn pair of speaker cables .
 This is it . The cable I need to complete my music system . I 've spent 15 years and hundreds of thousands of dollars , and yet there remained that eight foot gap , that weakest link.But wait . No . It can not be.To my abject horror Amazon refuses to ship this to me in New Zealand.Why torment us so with the elegant beauty and value of your products , but then at the last refuse to ship to our country ? Grant us this one boon , and unleash your electronic devices upon us here , so that we may also partake in the countless bargains of mystical appeal.Also - do these come in pink ?
 I gave this as a gift to my Dhobi in India and he is so grateful ... says clothes hung out to dry on the Audioquest K2 dry a lot faster then on the previous set of strings he used . Has recommended it to te enntire Dhobi community in India !
 When I bought 3 of these 2 months ago I had no idea they were capable of so much , I only wanted them to listen to my jazz music in SuperMegaUltra High DefinitionI noticed to my surprise when I hooked them into my Mole-Richardson 4-Phase Warp-Drive power amp -LRB- hand built by a guy in india called Gandhi -RRB- The `` gain '' knob directly modified the temperature of the sun , which was very impressive.If I used these cables in conjunction with a 15-watt Marshall practice amp , My Guitar and a wah-wah pedal I managed to control how many revolutions the Earth makes a second . i did n't feel like i had to play with this too much as that might ruin people 's livesSuggested use
 I consider myself something of a weapons connoisseur . Some would even call me choosey . I was watching Iron Man 2 and was immediately captivated by one of the few weapons I do n't have - the reactor-powered electic whip that Ivan Vanko wielded . You remember the scene during the Circuit de Monaco scene , when Vanko attacks Stark out of nowhere . He effortly sliced through cars , barriers , and some innocent bystanders -LRB- too graphic for the public release however -RRB- . I stood at a crossroads - either spend countless dollars and time trying to replicate such a magnificant weapon , or just settle for some jumper cables and a few used batteries . The choice was clear . I immediately set about designing my own personal reactor , however using Unupentium instead of the Palladium that Mr. Stark was using -LRB- apparently it reduces your expected lifespan faster than watching old Rosanne episodes -RRB- . With the reactor complete , I was still at a loss for a suitable whip in which to wield the power . I tried old coaxial cable , 10 guage wire , and even some gold HDMI cables - while the sound was clear , the cables quickly melted due to the intense voltage.Then , almost if by fate , I happened upon Audioquests magnificant product . Sure , I thought $ 8500 was bit pricey for terminated speaker cables , especially considering I needed a pair of them . But Amazon came through as always , with Free Super Saver Shipping . How could I refuse ? Not to mention all the glowing reviews I 've read here . I quickly ordered the product using money I had earned from pawning some illegal weapons I was hiding for my uncle Escobar . When the package came to the door , the mailman quickly dropped it and ran away - almost like he knew what was in the box was too much for him.Installation was almost plug and play . The sheer volume of current that my Unupentium reactor put out was no problem for these cables . I started small - logs , neighborhood cats , and some old vinyl Bee Gee 's records . I quickly moved onto bigger targets - cars and small buses . I was in hog heaven , toting my new invention like I owned the Walmart parking lot . I almost made a complete fool of myself though , by leaving the caps on the end of the terminated speaker cables !!! When I went to dismantle some poor sap 's pimp hater ride , the cables sliced through as advertised , but the ends got stuck on the other side - stupid caps !!! I had to shut down the reactor , remove the .37 cent caps , and continue . I almost thought I heard a small boy laughing at me , until he saw what I was truly capable of , by destroying his dad 's Benz . I will never make that mistake again . Neither will he.All in all , I 've been wielding these babies for 2 weeks now , and could n't be happier with my purchase . Between you and I , I look better carrying these than Ivan did , shirtless and all . I need a tan though . Will write more as my exploits improve . Maybe even Mr. Stark will want to try them out sometime.Two whips waaaay up !!!
 I got a whole case of these as a lightening deal at 99.9 % percent off . Now I can finally rewire Serenity 's engine and get the heck off this rock.Shiny !
 I 've been shopping for cables for sometime to hook up to my RadioShack 4440-T Speakers and needed something that would really transmit the full power of my music through them . I almost bought the more expensive K3 cables for $ 34,000 a pair but the wife was really complaining about the cost so I settled for these . WOW ! The fidelity of these are amazing , especially considering I only paid $ 8,450 a set !!! I may upgrade at some point , but for now these will do.Strangely , two weeks after purchasing these my cancer went into remission and I began growing hair again after 20 years of baldness . I 'm not convinced the cables were the cause , but after viewing some of the other reviews I 'm starting to wonder .
 The other day I was coming back to Denver over the Vail Pass , and the signs said `` chains required '' well I did n't have any chains so I lashed my AudioQuest K2 terminated speker cables around all 4 wheels and I 'll be damned if the car did n't start levitating , suspended on a nimbus of light.Now I know how those little grey freaks with all the probes get their saucers off the ground!I do n't know what President Eisenhower had to give them in order for them to share this marvelous technology with us , but honestly I would n't care if planned parenthood was founded to create pulped human fetuses for them to use as marmalade , the AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables are simply THAT amazing.I strongly recommended you buy yours before the men in black suits shut their factory down , sure they might track a few of us owners down as well , but it is worth the personal risk , this technology needs to be in the hands of the people , when the mother-ship comes back in December 2012 to collect on Ike 's deal ... well I would n't want to be anywhere near Palm Springs , but I also would n't want to be without my AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables , they may be the last best hope for humanity !
 To jump start the TARDIS.I wish we had these back in 1941 . The TARDIS it seems and landed in Churchill 's war room.We thought everything was ok ... until the DALEKS showed up . I could n't get the TARDIS moving.Then I remembered we had travelled to 2012 and we had liberated these cables from a warehouse somewhere.I hooked one end to the TARDIS control panel and one end to the London Electrical grid and faster than you can sayFishsticks and Custard we were on our way again .
 I know what you 're thinking . Nearly $ 8,500 for a cable - you must be out of your mind!But if you 're a true audiophile , what 's a couple of bucks?The bottom line is that it 's a great sounding cable that is , sonically , virtually indistinguishable from the Monster Cables equivalent , but at half the price!If you want to spend $ 17,000 on the `` Monster '' name , then go for it . Personally , I 'll take the $ 8,500 generic any day of the week .
 This is _ the _ cable that the blue people in Avatar had in their hair to connect with other souls and spirits . So if you want super magical powers that will let you jump over buildings , trees , please do yourself a favor and order these cables . Possible side effects include a blue tan .
 After a lengthy paperwork process , I was finally able to sell my in-laws to some good folks in Thailand . Once the sale went through and the celebration was over , I was able to set aside some time to logically decide on how to spend the extra cash I had.Being the home audio/video buff I am , I knew I needed some special speaker wire . I wanted to get a new set of surround sound speakers for the master bathroom -LRB- master bateroom -RRB- so my wife and I headed to Best Buy . My wife was all upset and crying about something so I did n't have time to be choosy with speakers so I just grabbed a surround set that looked decent and headed home . Never mind the speakers anyway , these cables were on their way.I had purchased these nice looking cables on a Monday morning . So with free 2-day shipping , I was expecting them on Wednesday . Well on Monday night , I was busy mounting the center channel speaker in front of the toilet when I heard a loud thud on the roof ! Soon after that , I heard some more thuds then a knock at the front door . It was the UPS guy ! He had parachuted from one of the UPS planes to deliver my cables . I asked if this type of delivery was part of the price for the cables , but he said that it was only because he saw that Cast Away movie and he was afraid of landing in planes . I got in a debate with him on this because it was a Fed Ex plane that crashed in the movie and NOT a UPS plane . I also explained to him that UPS planes look safer plus the upper level management at UPS is n't stupid enough to put Tom Hanks in charge . Anyway , he finally left , and I had my cables.Boy was I impressed !! The packaging , the build quality , the color coding , everything was top notch ! It even came with a pamphlet that described how these cables were built . The engineers explained that using super magnets and an advanced knowledge of string theory , they were able to harness actual quantum particles of Heaven and solder connections on the ends so they can be hooked up to speakers.As for the sound , well I hooked up my iPod to the bathroom surround sound and started listening to some kickass Nickelback . All I can say is WOW ! My wifes screaming is too overpowering for these speakers . But the cables hooked up great and look perfect strung along the floor next to the bathtub.Thanks Audioquest !!
 It 's speaker wire . It seems to work fine . What else is there to say ? I use these as part of my classroom AV set-up . I tape the cables down and run them up the middle of the classroom . So far they have held up without a problem , even with the occasional student stepping on them , or accidentally placing a chair on them and sitting . No issues at all in the month since i set these up.Update
 They only have to sell one , am I right ? With the high price tag they will never get a bad review !
 WOW What cables ! I am legally blind my faculties are just about gone at my age , being a senior citizen I am now also legally Deaf ! I ordered a pair of these cables , the moment I tried to hook them to my HT system they just came live their was no need to hook them up . even been legally deaf I could hear ever high low mid range tone from the sky , from the mountains around me , what else could a man want for $ 8400 .
 C'mon guys and gals ... Seriously . I replaced the speaker wiring in my iPod docking station with these -- modified , of course . The sound from my speakers is now unbelievably deep and complex . Well worth the investment .
 ... the Amazon person who took the decision to list this garbage is either 1 -RRB- incredibly stupid or 2 -RRB- has a sense of humor and listed it solely for the enjoyment of reading how we trash the product.Oh , and hurry ! There 's only one left in stock !
 Was working with Bill Gates a couple of weeks ago at a conference , and we needed some elastic bands to hold some notes together . Not having any to hand , we popped out to the nearest top-end hifi emporium and bought a box -LRB- ca n't remember how many -RRB- of these cables . Worked really well .
 You and I both know , as men of the world , that there 's only one possible thing this cable could do that would make it worth its truly exorbitant price.And , gentlemen , I 'm here to tell you that it does it.I ca n't actually mention what it is in a family forum such as this , but let me just say , that Ron Jeremy , when he was younger and had n't gotten so damn fat , did n't need these cables . But you do . As our President -- who probably owns a set of these cables -- would say , `` Yes we can ! ''
 When I was a little girl my father used to sit me on his knee and tell me tales about what is possibly the most infamous item in all of history
 No matter how much we gave it , even all we had , this cable kept the warp drive functional through even the time travel slingshot maneuver . However , keep it away from Tribbles , the little bastards chew it .
 OMG . I had this cable shipped out as quickly as I could , and I could n't be happier.I thought I only had a 2.1 setup , but somehow - after installing this cable - I now have a 5.2 surround sound system !! It added channels ! You do n't find that in your run-of-the-mill wire , so I can say without a doubt that this product has magical powers . It 's actually quite extraordinary.Also , we do n't have to shop for groceries as often any more . The fridge just replenishes itself ! The apartment is always clean , and I never have to fill my car with gas ! All because of this fantastic cable.Splurge on yourself . You deserve it . We all deserve it . This cable will change your life .
 I plugged one end of this cable directly into the oak in my neighbor 's yard and the other end into the ash over on the west side of my house -LRB- right by where I keep my garbage cans during the week -RRB- . Using wireless speakers , I feel like birds when I flex my muscles . My teeth have become sap-flavored . And , when I make love , I cause the leaves to rustle .
 I actually use the predecessor to the AudioQuest K2 when I created this universe . Their superior conductivity , down to the subplanck wavelengths is just the ticket for opening up a black hole/white hole . The bang was , indeed , big!Great cables.Creator of the Universe , God .
 These would be great to hook my ipod up to my stereo , right ? I wonder if the adapter is included ?
 God Bless You EveryoneI read about this AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable - UST plugs 8 ' -LRB- 2.44 m -RRB- pair and immediately thought it might fulfill my quest for stocking stuffers . Amazon has only one left , and I need 6 for the stockings . I found that these cables are only sold in stores in Texas . Of course , everything is big in Texas . I can purchase an 8 foot cable for $ 8,450 , so that takes care of the big guy . The others will have to do with the lesser cable . I know that no one wants dissension at Christmas time , and I am hoping my family will not get into an all out fisticuffs . I do the best I can , what more can a family want ? OK never mind . Merry Christmas , Everyone!Highly Recommended prisrob 11-26-10
 Speeding away in the delivery van from theSan Diego airport , in hot pursuit of Jack Trimmer and his no-armed uncle in the lime green Karmann Ghia , I thought back over the ridiculous events of the past hour that led us to this improbable chase . Still I had not laid eyes upon Jack Trimmer 's no-armed uncle to confirm if he was , indeed , the same No-Armed Man who I had been pursuing for the greater part of my life for the murder of my parents , my wife , my ex-wife , John W. Trimmer , and my dog Skippy . Next to me , my erstwhile compadre in arm , was therecentlyone-armedJohn W. Trimmer.We were discussingHaha Lung 's last words , which , ironically , sounded something like ha . . ha ... ha , after the lady in the Accoutrements Horse 's Head Mask had also strangled him to death after my unsuccessful attempt . Frankly , after having been strangled to death twice , I began to wonder if Haha should work on a book on stopping yourself from being strangled , an art form which he was sorely unprepared for . I beggedJohn W. Trimmerfor my forgiveness , having doubted John W. Trimmer 's sincerity in helping me , thinking John W. Trimmer 's disguise as a TSA Agent at the San Diego Airport , quickly miniaturizing in my rear view mirror , had been to turn me over to the bad guys , whoever they were.John W. Trimmerturned the radio on , to check on 1010 WINS , what the traffic and weather would be on the ones when we noticed the absolute breathtaking clarity of the audio quality . Checking the wires , John W. Trimmernoted that John W. Trimmer was familiar with the AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable - UST plugs 8 ' -LRB- 2.44 m -RRB- pair . John W. Trimmer had used a similar pair in the wilds of Kamchatka as a tourniquet when John W. Trimmer amputated John W. Trimmer 's left arm due to the frost bite . The AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable - UST plugs 8 ' -LRB- 2.44 m -RRB- pair saved John W. Trimmer 's life with not just their musical quality , along with their faithful reproduction of classical music as well as Climie Fisher , but with their sturdy construction . Their ability to replicate mid-bass tones without being too tinny or shrill with the high notes as well as their excellent low bass frequencies , even down into the sub 8hz range helped cut off all blood from John W. Trimmer 's shoulder to upper bicep in order for John W. Trimmer to break off John W. Trimmer 's frozen left arm from John W. Trimmer 's body . Fate , it seems , is not without a certain sense of irony . Here , as we chased John W. Trimmer 's son and listened for weather and traffic carried to our ears by the self same wires that saved John W. Trimmer 's life.Little did we know how little we did know how many more lives the AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable - UST plugs 8 ' -LRB- 2.44 m -RRB- pair would save in just the next few moments . A motorcycle swerved out of its lane and into the Karmann Ghia , sending it flying through the air in a spectacular explosion !
 They say that you get what you pay for , and in this case , I was able to make 3 trips to the dark regions of the milky way and pay for a new , previously undiscovered rare truffle on the way . I cooked it with a preserved dodo egg which cost me a pretty penny as well . All this thanks to my K2 terminated speaker cable purchase.I connected this to my flux capacitor and the results were very pleasing , I was easily able to reach the 1.21 gigawatts I needed without any aid from plutonium or lightning.Don ' t waste your time anymore on those cheapo $ 1000 8 ' cables , this is definitely the way to go .
 If you use these cables while simultaneously wearing the three wolves t-shirt -LRB- The Mountain Three Wolf Moon Short Sleeve Tee -RRB- then a space/sound/time portal will open , and you can hear all the farts being released at all the Wal-Marts everywhere in the entire universe . The sound is quite deafening .
 Muramasa Sengo , after forging the legendary blade Kusanagi-no-Tsurugi , created one final masterpiece
 Thanks to these cables I was successfully able to open a portal into Heaven and Hell and begin the apocolypse . These are also helping me to communicate with the trillions of released minions . I shall begin my conquest with these spectacular cables at my side !
 I bought these cables with intentions of repairing my DeLorean but I ran into trouble when I found out they were none other than just fancy audio cables . I gave them the benefit of the doubt and used them with high quality audio sources . right now I 've got `` Gator Country '' by Molly Hatchet on repeat on my 8-track player blaring through a couple of 1968 blackface super reverbs I had laying around the garage . the sound is worthy of jesus himself . 5 Stars all day long , very good value when they go on sale for only $ 7800.97
 Oh sweet , sexy AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables , How do I love thee ? Let me count the ways.I love thee to the sound quality and width and lengthMy soul can reach , when feeling out of soundFor the ends being infused of metal and eternal love.I love thee to the level of everyday ` sMost quiet need , sound . By sun and candle-light . I love thee freely , as men strive for perfect sound ; I love thee purely , as they turn from using those other cheap cables.I love thee with a passion no sound can describeI love thee In my old cable 's griefs , and with my childhood 's faith in the sound god.I love thee with a love I seemed to loseWith my lost saints of sound truly died , -- I love thee with the breath , Smiles , tears , of all my life ! -- and , if God choose , I shall but love thee better after death.Oh AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables , I freakin love you .
 I must say this is the first product review I have ever written . I also must acknowledge that I have never -LRB- ahem -RRB- , well , never , well -LRB- ahem -RRB- actually , well , used -- or even purchased , or even looked at -LRB- or touched or smelled or ... -RRB- this product . Well , you get my drift.BUT ! After reading all the OTHER reviews of this product , my listening quality has already been improved significantly
 No doubt these cables can make you hear the studio technician in the room next to the recording studio release a fart .
 As a student , I saved up for the first two years of university for these cables . I ate beans and super noodles for the entirety of this period . One day , when unwrapping my usual super noodles I found that it was no longer a necessity to buy these cables , as inside ... lay a golden ticket . The ticket rose from the packet , accompanied by angelic voices in the background -LRB- ` laaaaa ' -RRB- and spoke . ` Jouney west young man , for you are the chosen one . ' I could n't believe what I was seeing , surely it was n't real . I threw the ticket away and resumed my average student life for what I thought would be the forseeable futre . However , I was wrong.I woke up the next morning to the ticket jumping on my bed . ` You are an idiot , not the chosen one ! But you must still journey west to the factory ! ' cried the ticket.I ignored it . The ticket began to order me random things off the internet in an attempt to drive me from my home and towards the factory . For the next two weeks fridges , helicopters and small hippopotamuses began showing up at my door , all delivered by a DPD man called Fred . But , one day the ticket grew impatient . It began humming a well rehearsed tune in my bedroom and very suddenly a small pokemon appeared in my room . It was an elderly Kadabra who was stroking his beard . It held out its hand and teleported me away from my student flat and I found myself standing outside a factory.It was imposing . The several chimneys were gigantic and made from stone which puffed plooms of smoke into the multicoloured sky that was aactually an ocean . The gates that were infront of me began to move and soon another pokemon called Pikachu led me to inside the factory . Through several marble reception areas I went before I reached a small wooden door . I opened the door and stepped into what was a whole new world . It was a world of such natural wonder and beauty . It was a world with no wars or governments . It was the world where I would find my cable . Through several cola bottle forests and apple lace marshes I navigated . I was a young Bear Grylls as I like to think which is why I bit the cable in half when I found it at the top of a volcano.The cable was a port key . After such a joyous epic adventure I woke up in my own bedroom . I thought it was all a dream but saw that my dissertation was done on my desk and that my clothes were all clean , folded and still warm at the foot of my bed . The door slammed open and in walked cable naked . ` I 've done your dissertation young one , I 've done your washing and even emptied your pencil sharpener , ' said cable.He had the physique of a Men 's Health model . He 'd done all the household chores , been out and made me the most popular male at university amongst the girls and he 'd ended the war on terror all while I was asleep . This cable was everything , he was godlike , he was quite simply the best cable in the world .
 Upon plugging in the cable , the sounds boomed so loud that the whole village could hear it . Beyond the mountains and past the castle , forest creatures stood up in salute to the beautiful noises that flowed from the speaker . Instantly , 300 babies were born and poverty everywhere ceased to exist . And this is just what happens when you use it with your speaker!One great use is as a dog leash . In fact , the leash was so powerful and durable , that it suffocated and killed my dog . Thats how great this chord is . It also can be used as a whip in combat or hunting . The deer was stunned at the sheer power of the chord . Upon hitting it , it burst into flames . I trust that everyone who purchases the chord will store it in a protected , refrigerated area . I picked a particularly safe spot , high in the rockies.I recommend this chord to anybody who enjoys getting the most out of life . Life has gained meaning since I purchased this chord . Worth every one of the 680,000 pennies I paid for it . We are the torchbearers of the mighty AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable - ust plugs 8 ' -LRB- 2.44 m -RRB- pair name , and we must keep that honor alive .
 Incredible ! My speakers started humming at 60 hz with nothing connected to the other end ! I found I can run my whole house by plugging the wires into the breaker box . I never have to pay another electric bill ! There are so many electrons in this wire I can even run my neighborhoods homes . ... right ?
 Everyone calls me Chad . I usually save my money for value purchases and try to push for something `` extra '' when I spend crazy duckets . Like when I bought my 2012 Maserati Gran Turismo . I wanted to make sure the car came with `` high end everything '' . Only suckers and non-Chads drive around in stock autos . When I bought my Maserati I was insistent upon getting leather reclining seats , a multi disc CD changer , AM / FM radio , power windows , heated seats and keyless entry ... and I was n't going to take no for an answer . The salesperson knew I was n't there to play any games as I 'm usually a strong negotiator . I ended up getting what I wanted . The salesperson knew I was a baller and immediately added the upgrades as soon as I asked . Sucker . They even offered to throw in a license plate that said Chadzzter at no cost.When I saw the listing for the K2s , I knew I had an opportunity to play hardball again . The listing says the cables comes with banana plug terminations . I have no idea what those are , I just wanted plain speaker wire without the terminations . Probably worth the extra money to get rid of the bananas . I wanted to use the K2s to clean up the sound going from my iPod Dock alarm clock to a set of Bose speakers for my morning alarm clock buzzer . After back and forth negotiations with the manufacturer , I was able to negotiate for non-terminated K2s for only several hundred dollars more . $ 800 to be exact . Shrewd . Now I can plug these bad boys into anything I want . Let 's see you do that with low grade speaker wire.I have to say , these cables make my morning alarm sound like perfect . They would make a fart sound like Mozart composed it . Never before have I heard the harmony and delicate balance of the digital buzzer . It makes me feel alive ! No longer am I waking up only to hit snooze time and time again . Now , I wake up and feel the alarm , and I 'm pretty sure it feels me too . I do n't need coffee anymore either . The unadulterated sound of the alarm resonates through my entire being and keeps me amped up all day long . Yesterday I woke up so amped from the K2s I did a karate kid kick in the shower and broke through the tiled wall . Go Chad ! No worries , I was already planning on expanding the master bath anyway ... the K2s saved me money on demolition . Thanks to the K2 , I have the most sonically true alarm clock on the planet . I would n't be the Chad I am today without the K2 .
 What sweet , sweet bliss I have encountered after installing -- nay , MELDING -- my sound system with the AudioQuest K2 Terminating cables ! At first a great hum issued forth from my unworthy speakers as they shuddered to reproduce the sonic perfection flowing into them.But then , oh then did the sweet true music of Heaven grace my ears . I wept openly and released my bowels with joy , yet the fluids running from my body instantly vaporized by the pure undulating waves of sound created by my speaker cables.I now spend my days in this continual state of sonic ecstasy as does my loyal cat , her ears folded back in what I know can only be utter pleasure .
 I decided to drain my savings account just so that my cornea can experience heaven before I die . Upon plugging it into my PS3 , I became Ratchet and Kratos AT THE SAME TIME.In fact , the technology was so advanced , my TV told me that Manning will miss week 1 BEFORE the lockout . Yes , this cable also bestows your TV the ability to speak.Why pay $ 5 for an HDMI that can do everything else but the aforementioned magical conjurs ?
 I was lurking to buy these cables to hook up my speakers for my new Curtis HTIB 1000 5.1 Surround Sound Home Theatre System In A Box . Now that these puppies are Prime Eligible for free 2-day shipping , its practically like stealing !
 I saw this great value product and thought `` Wow ! How can they sell that for such a price ?! '' . I eagerly bought my own and it was everything I imagined and more ! My friends and family were all jealous and asked me to buy them one each for birthdays and Christmas so now we all have some of these cables and our family life is so much better !
 AudioQuest has done it again . They have created awesome-sounding speaker wires terminated by exact replicas of the world 's second tallest mountain . Yep , you got this right , each of the connectors is gigantic and made out of solid granite . It even comes with real glaciers!Anyway there are two fundamental issues here . The first is that the connectors are too big/heavy for standard delivery services or even freight truck . The Shipping and Handling charge is in fact just the handling charge . You have to provide your own shipping . Fortunately the granite and glacier connectors disassemble for easy transport in only 1840 twenty-foot containers . They then require a competent stone mason and construction crane to assemble.The second is the sheer size of the connectors . Fortunately when the connectors are on their side , they are in fact quite weatherized , so the recommended setup is to place the ends in your mansion and have a separate audio building . You can then have certified mountaineer/dj 's make the ascent to the audio building to play your music.Overall , not a bad deal for the obscenely rich and famous .
 I bought these cables so I could have the fattest biggest most expensive cables and be the envy of all my friends . I was so happy , I could just feel my mojo grow as I unpacked them , they made me feel so powerful . The sound was the real problem though . These are such high ultra mega super bandwidth cables that for the first time ever my speakers effortlessly reproduced the infamous brown note , and with all my friends present . A week later and I 'm still cleaning up.It did n't help that we 'd just played a record by British mod band ` The Who ' . The sound-staging was so realistic that the band actually assumed corporeal form right in front of us , smashed their instruments -LRB- as they often did -RRB- and then smashed my stereo . Thank goodness they did n't smash my Audioquest cables ! These cables are now available second-hand for $ 50,000 -LRB- price allows for dry-cleaning and carpet cleaning bills as well as replacing my stereo and all the beer that The Who drank -RRB- .
 So there I was , it was 2am and I needed to be at work at 7:30 . Of course this would be the night that my roommate and his floosie of the week decided to have their all-night love fest . The screams and banging of the headboard against the wall had kept me up for most of the night . I knew that if I was to get any sleep that night I needed to fight back.Fortunately I had my AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables handy !! I was able to use them to move the speakers to my stereo across the room and blast ` Welcome Christmas ' from `` How the Grinch Stole Christmas '' through the wall , thus shattering the mood and ending the noise coming from the next room.I can now sleep soundly at night knowing that my AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables are there if I need them .
 I plugged these in and my dog started to whine . They must work for signals that we ca n't even hear .
 I also applied for an Amazon Card and received $ 30 off ! I never knew what I was missing before . Not only the highest fidelity sounds that I have ever heard , but those extra channels that my Colby stereo receiver is picking up make all the difference . Who knew that Heaven had it 's own station , and was giving free passes to the 3rd caller every half hour ? I have to go and stock up on more ammo and supplies now ...
 After the delorean was safely transported back to 1985 , Doc . Brown quickly took down the cables and fashioned them into what you see today . Of course in his hoard of inventions they were lost for a couple of decades , but were recently unearthed by a team of homeless people who excavated the remains of his abandoned home.These cables are a must have item .
 My wife berated me for the high cost of these cables . But , when I pointed out that they were $ 1600 off the regular price , she sure changed her tune -LRB- which the cables rendered with great accuracy -RRB- . I immediately purchased a second pair , for a savings of $ 3200 , and you should too . We 've taken a Caribbean vacation with our little cable-induced nest egg , and hope to buy 3-4 more pair next year for a full-bore African safari . Thank You , AudioQuest !
 I used these cables to connect my super high powered Sony XBR339-7B Receiver to my Taiwanese `` Formosan Black Dog '' Speakers.Apparently , when using these cables , the native Sony/Japanese support of the Taiwanesian audio time-continuum standards can be realized!For the first time - EVER - I can hear the embedded `` turn me on dead man '' and `` cherish the dead '' voice when playing the song `` Revolution # 9 '' from the Beatles `` White Album '' -LRB- Remastered -RRB- on CD ! And WITHOUT having to play it backwards!Sweet GEEZUZ ! I have been listening for and trying to hear these vocal snippets since around 1969 without any luck - until I plugged these babies in!And it NOT just about audio time continuum recapture with these K2 's - they are great for typical audiophile chores too . While some other reviewers here say you need to pair the K2s with the Ginsberg & Lin in-line , hi-def , bit-parsing powered optical adapters to really hear things like the Stones ' Keith Richards drooling on his low G string while recording `` Wild Horses '' , it is just NOT so.Save the $ 12,000 from your `` Bush Tax Cut Reprieve '' funds that you were going to blow on the Ginsbergs and use HALF of it for a set of the Frigidaire/Monster Cable Voice Coil Coolers to amplify the power of these cables instead . Then Bank the rest ! -LRB- Er , um , I mean , devote the rest to `` job creation '' , hehehe !! -RRB- . The Frigidaire/MCs will do the same thing as the Ginsbergs - and help cool your house at the same time ! -LRB- Just be sure to set them at 48.7 degrees C or lower if you want to really `` feel '' the drool -RRB- . With the energy savings on home cooling , they will pay for themselves in 78 years or less!Don ' t delay . Get yourself a pair of these AudioQuests K2s right now - BEFORE the new K3s come out with the expected price increase ! -LRB- Although I do recommend that you supplement your purchase with the 2-year add-on warranty for only $ 1,999 and consider pro install for $ 877 if you are not the handy type -RRB- . You will most likely hear amazing and shocking things that you could never hear before -LRB- or not -RRB- . MR
 Can you hear me ? Can anyone hear me?I can see you . Can you see me?NO ! NO ! Do n't scroll down ... please ... I need to know you see me . Tell me I still exist . Just nod , smile , anything ... PLEASE.I miss the smell of the rain . No , that 's not entirely true . I miss what the rain used to smell like . I can still smell it , but it 's different . And the sun ... oh , the smell of the sun was not at all what I expected . It 's absolutely glorious , I tell you . But I miss what the rain used to smell like.If you could just let me know one thing ... has everything else changed , or just me ? When I plugged the cables in I was no different than you , am I different now ? Or I have stayed the same and everything else has changed ? Tell me ... do the children still laugh ? Is the grass still green , or is it really , as I now see , made of pure amethyst?Can you hear me ? Can anyone hear me ? I miss the smell of the rain .
 My wealthy grandfather passed away when I was young , and while the other grandchildren were given thousands of dollars in cash , I , as his favorite , was given his most prized possession , a box of AudioQuest K2 speaker cables . Initially , I was confused and hurt by this - as I have said , I was young , and did not yet understand.I can not relate to you , the reader , the entire bildungsroman of my journey to adulthood in this review . Suffice it to say that , on more than one occasion , my well-being was preserved by the presence of Dual Star-Quad Geometries , and that we could all do with 72V of Dieletric Bias from time to time . As I meandered forwards in life , these cables were always by my side , friends of the most impeccable sort . Whether I required blindingly fast data transfer , 1.21 gigawatts of power on short notice , or a garrotte for the elimination of a rival , I was never left wanting . As an adult , I believe I would have died hundreds - no , thousands - of times by now if I did not have these cables . As my cousins predictably blew through their inheritances , these cables persevered . I 'd even venture to say that as each one failed , these cables grew ... stronger.Should you purchase these cables , be comforted in the knowledge that you are saving your own life with Dual Star-Quad Geometries . Also , shipping is free , and hey , you ca n't beat that .
 This was a touch decision.But being Christmas and all , I decided to treat myself to a little something nice . I have been reading reviews on this item for quite sometime , but have been extremely skeptical if some of these reviews were real or not . Let me say this
 My collection of Justin Bieber MP3s has never sounded better ! In fact , I have discovered clarity so amazing I can hear every Justintooth clacking against Justinbraces , Justintongue , Justinlips and Justinsaliva PERFECTLY . I can hear his nosehairs moving and rubbing against each other in a perfect symphonic chorale !!!!! This is the best experience I 've ever had listening to Justin . JUSTINJUSTINJUSTINJUSTIN !!!!! Sorry got a bit carried away here . JUSTIN !!! All fans need those cables !!! Listening to Britney Spears was a bit of a disappointment though , she sounds like a bloody opera singer and `` Gim me More '' just is n't the same with an aria in the middle .
 Typically , I only buy top notch items , ie , I recently splurged on a color tv although most shows are fine in black and white . But these cords were such a bargain I could n't resist - why pull out a credit card when I could use the 8k change in my pocket?I do not regret it though . My speakers sound great until the volume gets to almost half maximum , and I rarely want it that high anyway . The sound is actually LESS staticy than my transistor radio , believe it or not . It has truly changed my listening habits.One caveat - the cord does not worker with newer technologies -LRB- like my color tv or mp3 player -RRB- ... but I give it 5 stars regardless because you ca n't ask for everything with a 8k price tag.On an unrelated note , since I 'm broke due to my purchase , what is the best bus to take to a soup kitchen ?
 Measured 73 feet , I think it 's a Humpback or a Blue . It took seventeen pairs which was pretty pricey but I can easily recover that selling my whale on the Japanese black market . One of the cables was chafed down to the bare wire , probably on a barnacle , but they held together and the cables still function as intended . I 'm listening to Danzig with them right now as I gut this beast .
 A friend has these cables , and they sound great , but would n't you know it , I need 10 ' ... you think I could just buy two sets and splice them together at home . I 've done this before with a couple of Cartier bracelets to get the right size . Suggestions ?
 These cables are made from the fibers of unicorn horns . Unicorn horns , we are know contain the highest conductivity and slowest decay known to man . They will literally survive beyond a supernova . Imagine what that will do to your home theater !
 Expensive but worth it - what other audio cables do double duty as : - Jumper cables - Dog leash - Drain snake - Defibrillator cables - Suspension bridge cables - LassoIn short , awesome and well worth every penny . Mortgage the house , sell the kids , go broke - you must have these . They make one complete
 Do n't be fooled by other audio cables that claim to be K2 terminated . AudioQuest 's fabulous cable sets the standard for K2 terminated cabling . Anything else claiming to be K2 is likely to be only K1 or K1 .5 at best . The dual star-quad geometry is also a nice plus , the cable 's clarity is astounding because of it . I can not recommend this cable enough . It is truly worth every penny . All 680,000 of them .
 It was a dark and stormy ER and after noticing some of our EKG and Defibrillator pads were just a teensy bits frayed I whipped out my Leatherman -LRB- no , really ! -RRB- and with a quick few mods from Make Magazine was able to fit these incredible cables to our defibrillators -LRB- Shock Boxes -RRB- in style and comfort . I can not match the holiness of other reviewers but I can stay that more than one life was saved by the use of these cables . We even resuscitated someone who had been deceased for over an hour and coded for at least two hours -LRB- or was it the other way around ? -RRB- . Brought back from the great beyond and instead of that hopey , changey , light filled tunnel thingy it was a tube of cable filled with glorious sound that the patient described to us . I think the cable should be named the Liquid Jesus Cables that connect you directly to your higher power and wow , until you have 360 joules of power rammed up your ... well , ` channeled ' into your cardiac architecture ... you just have not truly lived and experienced the joy of technology . This description pales in close proximity to the rest of your genius recommendations my fine people but my niche is medicine when not delving into the human body and I just was oh so compelled to contribute an iota of knowledge so that others may live . I do want them . I do , I do , I do .
 I 've been scouring the Inter-Grid for months now , trying to secure an adequate nano-larynx for my D.O.T. pleasure droid . See , problem is , it 's hard to come by a nano-larynx in Sector 7 , because everything from chewing gum to MP3s are outlawed here . I thought I got lucky once when an off-world Syclopod frigate got shot down above the No-Zone , but my little excursion to salvage anything of value from it cost too many plasma bolts than it was worth . But that 's another story.Anyway , I recently received special clearance from the Hedgemony to make a one-time Inter-Grid purchase of Stage IV Contraband . Do n't ask me how I managed this -- I have my ways . Shipping was standard , dropped off by a Hazardous Waste vehicle on its way to the No-Zone in the Outskirts of Old Pennyslvania . Fortunately , I 've horded quite a number of Radiation Suits over the years because I do n't get outside my Vacu-Domicile much , and I only went through two unpacking this from its Uranium-enriched Titaneave container.Connecting the K2 is so easy that even an android could do it . D.O.T. configured the K2 in only a matter of nanominutes , and I was pleased with the end results . Now , D.O.T. can moan in native and primitive languages , both sentient and arachnid . I suppose this review does n't matter much since I bought the last one , but when I 'm ready to upgrade D.O.T. 2.0 , I 'm willing to accept any trades for my old pleasure bot . I really could use a can of Pepsi if anyone has those anymore .
 I can not express my chocotastic regard for this quantum enhanced product enough . When the doctors said my kidney was bad , all I could think at this extraordinary news was `` Holy merciful Sky God who gave me this affliction ! I 'm going to die and see Your fearfully awesome face ! . Thank You for letting me hear the new Justin Bieber religious single through absolutely pure AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables ! `` Then I thought `` Oh Sweet God ! Thank goodness I have another one ! '' -LRB- Kidney that is . -RRB- Later , I discovered that these are real lifesavers . When I got the news -LRB- from my private doc , not some worthless Obamacare freebie -RRB- that my remaining kidney was going bad and that purchasing a new kidney from China would cost me $ 6,700 , I knew where to turn . That 's right , as much as I loved them , I had to sell all 30,000 pairs of these AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables I had stocked up . For some reason , they sold for much much less than the $ 6800 each I purchased them for . Not entirely sure why , but that 's the wisdom of the free market for you!I contacted AudioQuest about this , and after hearing my entire story , they very kindly offered my doctor a pure titanium screw to be installed in my lower backal area during the chinese kidney transplant . My doc said it was n't really necessary , but I figured I was already bent over for the operation , no reason to miss getting a screw from a private corporation!God Bless America !
 Kirk to Spock
 I used to have muddled bass and tweaking highs . Now I feel God . I feel God when I play Barry Manilow , I feel God when I play Snead O'Conner . Now you can feel God too at nearly 1/2 off !
 I plugged this into my $ 120 set of speakers and was literally blown away by the transformative power of this uber-high quality product . A must have for any audio afficianados . That , plus the super-saver free shipping , and this is a steal !
 We feel a bit ripped off , frankly . Be advised that these cables will be a little shorter at Consolidated Santa Claus Manufactories . We needed ten of these cables to link our music centre to the huts for the elves . Each ended up , on average , 5mm shorter . But the makers would n't countenance the entirely justifiable $ 173 reduction we asked for . They 're still pretty good though .
 The press seem to be focusing far too much on the need to make sensible banking decisions in order to prevent another financial crisis . However , I think this product does more to incite sensible consumer purchasing decisions , than any amount of prudent lending criteria could ever do.Not because it is a perfect illustration of how to waste your money in the most efficient manner , but because it can just do that , because it is that amazing.Buy it and save the world .
 Yo Yo , chek it out fool . I bot these cause im the skillest most illest rapper in the world . no doubt . Eryone noes im this ish when I bust out dem cables . I wear it round my neck cause they b made of pure silver dood . can you say blingin ?
 GODHOOD ! YOU WILL ACCEND TO BE A DEMI-GOD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! These thingymaginies are incredible !!!!! Buy one and get a free ticket to heaven.True story
 A + + + For the only speaker cable capable of curbing nuclear core meltdowns after 8.9 earthquakes.Way better than heavy water .
 I used to be a sad , pathetic loser who ate ramen straight from the packet and who kicked mirrors a lot . Then I was able to save up enough money by collecting cans from the garbage to buy these cables - and one other critical component . I carefully wove the fibers of this cable through the fabric of my prized 3 wolf moon shirt , taking precautions to not undo the mystic spell craft that winds through each inch of sheer magic . Donning my new mega-armor , I simply walked the streets of downtown Austin . Within seconds , I was beset by hordes of European supermodels -LRB- why were there even so many European supermodels in downtown Austin ? -RRB- and had to endure the painful task of deciding in what order to satiate them.One would assume my adventures stopped there , but no . I quickly learned that the power of my new AudioQuest K2 Wolf Awesometunic gave me dominion over all animals , great and small . I could freely commune with and command the trees themselves . I now have the power to `` stop time '' and right the wrongs of others . I can read Sanskrit . I can change the weather through a complex series of yoga positions . My enhanced sexual prowess was matched only by my godlike intellect . Using my newfound powers , I was able to breed an army of laser cannon equipped , 10 foot tall super-turtles to enforce my will . With this new force at my command , I will rid the Earth of poverty and end war forever , starting a new world-wide religion with me as its deity . I shall bring the planets into alignment and raise humanity to never before reached potential.Thanks AudioQuest .
 A vital accessory for all those attempting to climb the world 's second highest mountain , which incidentally was named after this item . At first I was sceptical , but after a quasi-religious ceremony in which I held this aloft infront of the baying masses at base camp ; I realised the true power that AudioQuest have manifested in this silver snake . Attaching it to my harness , I noticed how the shard-like peaks of the West Face smoothed over infront of me as I attempted to climb the savage mountain in only my Y-fronts and a Busted-Tees t-shirt . Thankyou AQ , I will now create a monotheistic faith in which you will be the sole subject of worship .
 Help ! They 've come to life ! The cables ... they 're ... they 're eating my daughter ! Call an ambulance ! Great price though . . . And her screams ! I 've never heard such crystal clarity ! This is totally worth it !
 In many high-end systems , even end-to-end HDMI setups , cabling is a surprisingly weak link . Enemies of cheap cabling , like twisted pair interference , mechanical degradation and plain old poor matching are just not an issue with the AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables . The engineering might that has gone into these is staggering . Sure , you might say that instead of putting 60,000 man-years of research and over $ 700 million into development , that AudioQuest could have instead cured cancer , but the listening experience makes it all worth while . Plus , Amazon gives you $ 5 in free mp3 downloads with every purchase . Bonus!However , there is one thing to keep in mind when using more than one set of AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cables . Rule # 1 is , do n't cross the cables . It would be bad . If you 're a little fuzzy on the whole `` good/bad '' thing , try to imagine all life as you know it stopping instantaneously and every molecule in your body exploding at the speed of light.While I am not a big fan of nanny-state warning labels , I do think that one to this effect would have been appropriate . I 'll miss you , Julie .
 As you may well imagine , after selling enough blood to afford the $ 6800.00 price tag for the AudioQuest K2 Terminated speaker cables , I needed a bit of a pick-me-up . So making certain I was alone in the house , I plugged the AudioQuest K2 Terminated speaker cables into the stereo . Now generally , I put the other end of even inferior cables into my knickers , but the less said of that the better . I plugged the other end into those handy neck bolts I had installed , and turned the stereo on!What power , what clarity , what an amazing stream of magnificence flowed though my body ! The lights dimmed , and down at the local power station , the sleepy technicians on duty panicked at something drawing huge power out of their system.My body glowed , intense light shot out of my eyes , mouth and other orifices . I was transformed ! I drew all the power our local power generating plant could supply , but was merciful enough not to drain the sun through all those solar panels the neighbors had placed on their roofs . Instead , I chose a medium star in a nearby galaxy , and drained all it 's power , collapsing it into a red dwarf . These cables really perform!Just for afters , I consumed a few small galaxies , no one will miss them , expect perhaps a few rather devoted astronomers.Now flee from me , puny humans ! Thanks to the AudioQuest K2 Terminated speaker cables , I have become the DEVOURER OF WORLDS ! Bwaaa HaaH Haaah ! Haah !
 These really are magical , and well worth every penny . When I connected them from my CD player to my amp , I was able to play back an actual performance of Bach 's St Matthew 's Passion -LRB- the original version from 1727 -RRB- , conducted by Bach himself . This proves , btw , that Bach did , indeed , use a one-voice-per-part approach.Later the same day , I put on a Beethoven CD and heard Ludwig himself playing sketches from the Hammerklavier in early 1818 . But if you think it 's qualities are limited to classical music , I tried a Grateful Dead album , and got Pigpen riffing on Lovelight from back in 1969 ; Bill Evens playing at the Village Vanguard , but not the well-known 1961 recording , but a later show in 1963 . And as a final test , I listened to Jimi Hendrix playing acoustic guitar when he was 11 . Of course , all of this has a price , and only the most discerning stereo lover would be willing to pay for it . But the magic is there , and no other cable offers such realism as this .
 These are monstrously dangerous cables . They are extremely powerful and even capable of spontaneously inducing time travel , which is how they ended up in the possession of Nikola Tesla in 1900 . Few know that these very cables were the key power behind Wardenclyffe Tower , aka the Tesla Tower , and Tesla 's experiments in wireless energy transfer . Tesla himself did not fully comprehend their immense destructive powers until he used them to test his `` Death Ray '' in 1908 and subsequently destroyed 1000 square Km of forest in the Tunguska region of Siberia . After the Tunguska event the cables disappeared -LRB- travelled to another time or dimension ? -RRB- and Tesla never recovered from their loss . These cables may very well be responsible for killing off the dinosaurs , the explosions at Krakatoa and Mt. Saint Helens , the rise of Steve Jobs and the world domination of Bill Gates and Microsoft -LRB- they are very fickle cables -RRB- . Now they 've mysteriously shown up on Amazon . It 's tempting to control that kind of power but YOU MUST RESIST THE TEMPTATION . Do n't Buy Them , DO NOT USE THEM ! The destructive horrors you unleash could destroy our world or even worse , bring back Betamax and 8 tracks.You 've been warned ! Be very afraid ...
 Bought this and plugged it in , only to notice a very slight improvement in sound quality . Pretty disappointed about that , considering the price.But just then , invaders came to steal my prized collection of award-winning toilet paper rolls , so I grabbed the only thing I had around to defend them - my AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable - UST plugs 8 ' -LRB- 2.44 m -RRB- pair . Using it as a whip , I fought off the invaders , and in doing so , unlocked this cable 's true potential . With a single strike , my enemies fell , their screams coming out in crystal-clear sound . That alone had me impressed , until they started getting up again . But I noticed something different about them ; their movements were jerky and the could n't walk properly , but managed to keep up to people running away at full speed . Yes , the AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable - UST plugs 8 ' -LRB- 2.44 m -RRB- pair has the power to turn your enemies into zombies , completely loyal to whoever wields it . With another strike from these wonderful cables , the zombies burst into flames , so now I 'm building a legion of fire-zombies to help me conquer the world.Completely worth the $ 7000 -LRB- with free shipping , no less ! -RRB- , and since there is only one left , I do n't need to worry much about anyone matching my power !
 These are the best cables I 've ever had . My wife and I like to saute them lightly in lemon-butter and serve them over a bed of blanched radicchio , just lightly drizzled with evoo -LRB- extra-virgin olive oil -RRB- and sprinkled with toasted pine nuts . I recommend a nice Montrachet or Pino Gris , although some prefer the more oaky California Chardonnay.Especially recommended during these cold November evenings . Just yummy !
 Once in ten thousand years , they say , an eclipse blots out the rising sun in the house of Ophiuchus . On that dark dawn , light a candle made from the tallow of a pure black ram , take the AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable in your left hand , connect your bookshelf speakers to your hi-fi , and listen -- the voices of the dead , some say , will whisper their dreadful secrets in stereo . Or , some say , you will hear God Himself speak the unspeakable Word at around the 80Hz range . One legend holds that the speakers shall ring forth with nothing but the terrible , terrible silence of an empty Cosmos . Who among us can know ? And just look at those savings !
 As captain of the U.S.S. Prevalent , I would like to give thanks for AudioQuest for creating a cable that saved the skins of our crew.Our ship was enveloped by a pocket of non-linear , chaotic space . Because the rules of physics vary in chaotic space , our warp field destabilized and we could n't engage our warp nacelles to escape.Impulse engines were still online , but we could not plot a course outside of the bubble of chaotic space since our lateral sensor array was also useless . Our chief engineer devised a clever way of recalibrating the sensor grid array harmonics to compensate for the parabolic space-time effects cause by the bubble 's unique field geometry coefficients . . BUT . . the isolinear sensor circuits were BLOWN . The ONLY way to fix them was to re-route damaged sensor pathways to the main deflector array ... but how?All we needed was a simple cable to bridge the circuits , but it had to be made from tetra-duranium and poly-trinide . We could not replicate pure tetra-duranium and all hope was lost ... until we LUCKILY stumbled upon a replicator pattern for `` AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable '' -LRB- circa 21st century -RRB- . An iso-molecular analysis showed that AudioQuest K2 terminated speaker cable was a perfect match for bridging our sensor and deflector pathways.We patched our sensors into the deflector , engaged half impulse and we were out in a matter of hours.Even today , the nuances of the alloy from which this cable was fashioned are not fully understood , but we DO understand in the 21st century it was extremely rare , precious and held great monetary value . To use a 20th century colloquialism , this cable is `` worth every penny '' .
 The clarity and richness of my 44.1 k 16 bit CDs shine through like the sun 's rays in a latrine . You can almost hear the nicotine resin on the drummer 's fingertips rubbing against the maple grained sticks being so beautifully recorded through the SM-57 microphones . Absolutely brilliant and a bargain at only $ 8000 . Do n't be fooled by those cheap thousand dollar cables .
 I put only these cables and The complete series of Everybody Loves Raymond on my christmas list this year because I did n't want my mom to spend too much on me .
 Like many of the other reviewers here I was skeptical about paying nearly $ 7,000 for a pair of speaker cables , but after thinking about it long and hard I decided to take the plunge . After meeting with my banker to refinance my home I immediately ordered these and sprung for the expedited shipping . Once they arrived I connected them to my home stereo and decided to test them out with my downloaded copy of Pink Floyds ` The Wall ' . At the very first note I realized what a wonderful decision I had made . The rising tone from my speakers began to shift , swinging straight from an auditory signal to a tactile one and then on to the visual . The walls began to glow with the resonance of the music . I then felt a deep rumbling vibration that seemed to be the rending of the very world around me . A shape appeared in the air , shimmering in five dimensions and a hundred million colors for which I have no names . This shape consumed my reality , shattering the world around me in to a billion tiny pieces . I found myself traveling rapidly down a long whit tunnel , with the sound of a rushing river mixing with the music , but the music was still distinct . When I reached the end , I found that I was in a deep crystal cave . I could actually feel the weight of the miles of rock above me . Sitting on a giant crystal lotus was a being of pure pulsating light . He/she/it began to communicate with me using the symbols of the Garden of Eden , pure communication without the distortion of language . This being , which I must call a god for wont of a better term , told me to not listen to compressed mp3s using these cables . It then touched me gently , and I found myself thrust back in to my living room with the world restored to sanity . But I will never forget ...
 ... as they only come in 8 foot length . With my large living room and 12.3 home theatre system , had to buy 37 pairs of K2s and the female-to-female connectors -LRB- 22 of them at $ 2,650.89 each - also qualifies for Amazon Prime fyi ... -RRB- to hook them together to get everything plugged in . Once I had it all hooked up , sound was pretty good . My Sony 2-way bookshelfs -LRB- front left , right & center channels -RRB- never sounded so good . Anyway , hope this is helpful ... Update 1.01.10 . Firstly , Happy New Year ! Secondly , for all of you non-believers out there who have been writing sarcastic `` reviews '' of these cables , I really do n't think you even have purchased them . If you had , you would have been discussing their acoustic merits . Personally , I think most of you are a bunch of stoners with nothing better to do than type bogus reviews of products you want to make fun of . The one exception is the person whose cats now `` speak '' to him/her . It has been proven that felines resonate to the same frequency as midrange speakers . So , that 's not surprising . Anyway , will update again when I have a place to live and can pay for internet after shooting my wad on God 's gift to audio cables.Update 6.27.11
 I recently performed open-heart surgery on my server , moving it from an old Antec `` Performance Series '' case to this new P180 model . Annoyances aside , I am pleased with the P180 . * It runs cooler . The 120 mm fans are at once quieter and more effective than common 80 mm fans . The fans that come with the P180 have switches that let you select from three speed settings . -LRB- A chart in the manual gives electrical , air movement , and speed values for each setting , so I do n't know why the other reviewer would need tachometers . -RRB- Also , the P180 leaves space between adjacent 3.5-inch hard drive bays . There 's room for air to circulate around my hard drives , without my having to leave every other bay empty ! * It runs quieter . I have one 15,000 RPM and two 10,000 RPM Ultra160 SCSI drives , so I should know . * It looks nicer . The front and side panels are plain , metallic-colored surfaces . There are no ridges , curves , lights , baffles , swivelling panels , push-button doors , grilles , or other hideous , dust-attracting , and often fragile `` decorations '' . Now , for the annoyances . When I was sitting on my living room floor with pin-out diagrams , screws , packaging , a flashlight , cables , and sundry computer components spread out around me , I remembered that there is no perfect computer case ! * You will need an ATX power supply extension cable , because the P180 moves the power supply far away from the motherboard . Antec could have included this $ 6 accessory in the box , because the case design makes it an absolute necessity . Smaller computer stores may have to special-order this kind of accessory . * The lockable front door is a silly idea . It does n't improve security , because the side panel is secured with thumbscrews ! * A power switch behind the front door is a silly idea . It does n't improve security , because you can always yank the power plug at the back . It does make things less convenient , because you have to open the door to turn on the computer . * The upper 3.5-inch drive cage holds only two drives , and there 's a space for an optional thin 120 mm fan ahead of this cage . The lower 3.5-inch drive cage holds four drives , and there 's a pre-installed thick 120 mm fan behind this cage . The lower cage is , therefore , the logical place to start putting hard drives . However , the lower cage does n't leave much room for the IDE or SCSI cable loops that go from drive to drive . Flat cables would be a disaster , and round cables have to be harnessed and restrained to prevent contact with the fan . Moreover , one SCSI bus accommodates 8 to 16 devices , but the lower drive cage is so far away from the upper drive cage and the 5.25-inch bays that SCSI cables wo n't reach between these locations . If you want more than 4 SCSI devices , you 'll need a custom cable -- or two separate SCSI buses , one for the devices in the lower cage and another for the devices in the upper cage and/or the 5.25-inch bays . * The front-panel connectors are very limited , and because of the door , there is n't much point in installing a front-panel solution in one of the externally-accessible drive bays . A 6-pin FireWire port is provided , with no 4-pin port . Worse yet , the lead for the FireWire port has a plug that fits a header on certain motherboards with built-in FireWire support . You 're out of luck if -- like most PC users who have FireWire -- you bought a PCI card . With shipping , Antec 's $ 5 plug adapter costs almost $ 20 . Why not include it in the box ? * The drive rails -LRB- required for 5.25-inch devices -RRB- are downgraded . P180 rails have only one row of holes , which lines up with the LOWER row on 5.25-inch devices . `` Performance Series '' rails had two rows of holes . The old rails were perfect for devices like plastic removable hard drive racks , where only the UPPER row on the device has pre-fitted screw holes . * The plastic duct that can be installed to supply fresh air to an AGP graphics card takes up a lot of space inside the case . It would seem to interfere with airflow to PCI cards . It would also seem to interfere with SCSI cables emerging from a PCI SCSI card.The P180 is a quiet and cool case , though like all cases , it has its own minor annoyances .
 This case is absolutely amazing , but it has to be the kind of case you 're looking for . If you want your case to look like a creature is living next to your desk , look elsewhere . This case resembles a refridgerator , sleek brushed Al look that is appeasing to the eye.The case is really tall - it is just short of tower , by half an inch maybe . Before you buy , make sure it will fit in your space for your tower ! Some complain about its weight , but who cares about the weight ? If you carry your desktop around from place to place to game , you 're probably more interested in the flashing lights , side windows , LOUD fans kind of case . Fully loaded it , with NO exaggeration , probably weighs near 40 pounds.Aside from looks , this case out performs any that I have used . The fans that are used are extremely quiet , barely audible on the Low setting . I have no need to put them on High . The case comes equipped with rubber bushings to keep vibrations from hard drives at a minimum . They 're not cheap crappy rubber either . The USB , Firewire , Audio wires from the front panel are blocked and the audio has single pin wires too in case your motherboard does not support the block configuration , however most motherboards do . The power switch , reset switch , power LED , and HD LED are blocked as well.Overall setup of this case is pretty simple , I would recommend on getting a recommended Antec power supply because it is a LONG reach from the bottom to the top for ATX power , and the 12V for P4s . I am running Antec SP500 and cable length issues were not a problem , but if using another one you will probably have to buy extension adapters.The front door is pretty nice , but it would be a little bit better if it was made a bit sturdier . It is not flimsy , it could just be thicker . The magnets are as strong as they should be . Like one of the other reviewers said , the lock is a joke , it locks the bottom 8 inches of the door and you can peel back the top . If you have an extreme need for security , you should be more interested in a cage or rack . The side panels are made from 3 layers of material , as I am sure you 've read about . The clips on these are plastic but are sturdy - if you are not FORCING the panel on then you will have no problems with breaking it , and same goes with the door , if you do not use excessive force nothing will break.Overall I would recommend this case . It is the most I have personally spent on a computer case , but when compared to some other cases I looked at in a specialty computer store , this is by far better in every aspect , from aesthetics to overall construction . Shipping weight is 35 pounds so you know it 's not cheap plastic . I spent $ 100 which I think is a lot when a power supply is not provided . However , you get what you pay for . Case is practically silent - loudest sound is my 18 Dba CPU fan . Specs I am running are as follows :3.0 Ghz Prescott P4120mm CPU Zalman All CU CPU cooler -LRB- 18dba noise level -RRB- 128mb Nvidia FX56002 Gig of RAM2 250 Gig 7200 RPM Hard drives -LRB- WD and Segate -RRB- 1 36.7 Gig 10,000 RPM WD RaptorCreative Sound Blaster Audigy 2 ZS -LRB- sound card -RRB- Sony DVD/CD BurnerAntec SP500 modular power supplyrunning all this , the 3 included fans , and loudest is my CPU cooler , which is EXTREMELY quiet .
 For those of you -LRB- network analysts , doing packet capture -RRB- who require a true ethernet hub -LRB- not a switch , nor a `` switching hub '' , nor anything else that hides traffic from any ports -RRB- , this is the perfect product . I took a chance on it after two false starts
 The product was easy to use and accurate . It is also a great buy !
 Great compact binoculars . I love the ability to focus them as needed to fit the situation . These replaced another more expensive pair I lost . Very happy without the purchase and the price ca n't be beat .
 great service . product arrived extremely fast -LRB- before the estimated date -RRB- . excellent packaging and reliable service . product came precisely as described . it 's lightweight and is ideal for vacation trips to explore the sites from a closer angle .
 Very good binoculars for the price . Wanted to use to bird watch in our back yard , and am very happy with them .
 Compact , well design , powerful , light and small . Perfect for travel , concerts . Fits ins small bags . Ideal for woman ! Love it !
 4.5 stars . Amazing how these little binoculars work so well . Very easy to adjust , view is extremely clear . I wear contacts so I 'm not sure how user friendly someone with glasses would find them . Bought them for a weekend concert . Should have received them the day of the concert but they were delivered the day before -LRB- thank you Amazon ! -RRB- . Had decent concert seats , good enough to see who 's on stage but with these binoculars the vision was so clear you could read the detail on the bands t-shirts and see the player 's eye color . These fit easily into a smaller purse . Soft case , strap included . Have to agree with another reviewer on the lens caps . They do come off rather easily so be careful or it would be easy to lose one/both . Was debating between this pair and one slightly higher priced . Glad I chose these , for the money spent , the convenience , size , view , I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 These binoculars are small , so small its hard to believe that they are not toy binoculars . They are also very light weight which leads to the fact that the build quality is n't all that amazing . However , for the price , they are a real steal . The optics are really good , something on par with what one would expect from a brand like Olympus . The binoculars come with eye cups , a small case and a strap -LRB- which only attaches to one side -RRB- . The binoculars -LRB- like all other -RRB- fold down the middle and can be adjusted to fit different face contours . There is a standard focus ring on the top and its quite sturdy and stable.All said , I find these pair of binoculars to be the perfect travel companion . In this age when all airlines charge for checked in luggage and allow minimal cabin baggage , it can be daunting to fit in a laptop/Dslr + lens and some clothing in the cabin baggage -LRB- s -RRB- . I 'm glad this one is n't adding to the weight or taking up precious cargo real estate . -LRB- More room for those large L series canon lens :--RRB- -RRB- I bought this initially as a gift for my nephew , but liked it so much that I ordered one more for the other nephewThe only drawback , the small size may be a deterrent to someone with large hands or a really large face -LRB- Though I do n't think that a larger face usually leads to that large a distance between the eyes , but I 'm sure there exists a man out there who can perhaps find these too small to fit -RRB-
 After researching the ones for toddlers , I settled on this set of binoculars for my two year old granddaughter . She likes to go out with her dad to look at birds , visit the zoo and such . She loves his and now has one of her own . The magnification works ok and that was an issue with the ones for toddlers . It stayed in one piece and will be used under supervision . Overall , I am pleased with the product .
 I gave this item 4 stars based on it 's price . Even for $ 55 list this would n't be such a bad buy , but you can get them for substantially less . I am not a binocular expert by any means , but I 'll give you my opinion . The binoculars are lightweight and small . Probably even smaller than you would envision from the dimensions . They come with a soft case -LRB- with a belt attachment -RRB- and a strap . The strap only connects to one side , so if you wear them around your neck they hang sideways . They have a diopter adjustment which adjusts the focus to each eye , and a central focus knob . They are split down the middle and fold a bit to adjust to the width of your eyes . The build is definitely ` plastic-y ' which is one reason they are so lightweight . They say `` Made In China '' on the bottom , which for some reason cheapens their appearance a bit . Comparing the performance of these to a $ 100 pair of fullsize binocs I bought my father in law , I 'd have to say they are just okay . Of course , due the lens diameter & cheaper optics they are n't as bright or as clear . The images also seem to lack dimentionality . A tree , for instance , appears flat almost like cut out of construction paper . But it is still raised above the background , Giving you the feeling of watching a cheap 3D movie . The diopter adjustment is a bit stiff , making it difficult to fine tune . It also is n't stepped , so it can go out of adjustment . Finally , the lens covers fall off very easily.Does this all mean that I regret buying them ? Not at all . They were inexpensive , and unlike my father-in-laws large heavy binocs , they are lightweight & small enough to wear on your belt or put in your wife 's pocketbook . The image quality is decent -LRB- if not good -RRB- . They wont look ridiculous at a play or a concert & are probably decent all around traveling binoculars -LRB- for casual use -RRB- . And although they are not weather or water proof they are cheap enough to replace .
 I have not purchased this item ; however , I wanted to inform westwindtalker2 how to use these binoculars -LRB- or any other normal pair of binoculars -RRB- . First step , take off your eyeglasses . Second step , look through the binoculars at a stationary distant object , close your right eye and adjust the focus until the object is in focus for your left eye . Third step , while continuing to look at the same object , open your right eye , close your left eye and adjust the diopter correction until the object is in focus for your right eye . Fourth step , open both eyes , adjust the distance between the eyepieces so the image is seen as a single object and adjust the central focus knob . -LRB- You could also try reading the instructions supplied with the binoculars -- they are available in pdf format from amazon.com from this item 's webpage . -RRB-
 I have had this for over 6 months now and i cant really complain about it . Its compact and easy to use . However , people with glasses would have trouble using it . I use it without my glasses -LRB- there is a power caliberation that you can do to match ur eye power -RRB- and then its very clear.Easy to carry around and solid . Very good for its price .
 Well , I bought the bino for my 7 year old nephew to introduce him to birding . And he loves it , infact he pronounced it `` Pretty Cool '' . Was a good buy considering its compact and does what its supposed to do .
 Great little package ! Small , compact , fits easily in your pocket . Took them to Giants Stadium to use from my end zone seat . Able to see action very clearly in the opposite end of the field . Easy focus for my bad eyes .
 I was a bit worried at first at the tiny size , but it is tres powerful ! I bought it for a school trip to the Amazon forest and I sighted way more birds and animals than everyone else which helped get me an A in the course . Yes , these binoculars rock !!
 I bought these for a trip to Costa Rica and used them every day . They are comfortable , easy to focus , and a great choice for the price . These are perfect for folks like me who are interested in casual use for travel , concerts , sports , etc. .
 I 've been looking for something to help improve the quality of my still life artwork . Little did I know that some of the issues that I HAD with creating my work was related to my ability to see . These handy , lightweight Poros prism binoculars do a great job indoors and out , letting me successfully see things that are a little further away ... and translate that information into details that I would have otherwise missed . I 'm generally using these glasses to see things that are placed between 6 feet and 15 feet away . I already wear bifocals and have some other visual issues , so the fact that this pair has a diopter adjustment sealed the deal for me . The only potential down side is that they seem to flatten the field of view , but for translating a 3-dimensional object into a 2-dimensional painting , this flattening might even be considered a positive feature .
 Purchased this Binocular for me and my 8 & 6 year-old boys and it works great for all of us . It is nice and compact -LRB- smaller than I expected -RRB- so this was a little too small for my husband but still works . Kids are having so much fun cuz we live in the woods and being able to discover so much from the surrounding nature .
 I looked for the good binocular for a long time . I have two already , but they are too bulky and heavy . I needed one for my hiking trips to watch Mother Nature events when I 'm on foot . This binocular is exactly what I need . Small enough to put it in the pocket , light wait , silver color make it visible , if I misplace it . The quality is excellent ! Very clear view on a big distance . This binocular is very nice thing to have on your trips , wherever you go .
 I 've had a qosimo F15 for only a few weeks , but so far it has amazed me - I have the US version as the European one is not as hi-spec . So far - screen quality amazing , sounds excellent -LRB- better than any other I 've heard -RRB- , and the way the ports are arranged are very user friendly as mentioned by the other reviewer . I 've not tried the gaming on it yet but sounds and visison on everything else seem great so I am sure it will fine . The only complaint I might have is that the laptop does not last that long on battery power alone - I think just a couple of hours - which may be a problem for some .
 It has n't been a month yet since I received the PC , but I like it so far . It 's the software that I have to get use to . Usually , it 's the software and/or the operator that is the problem and not the electronics . The display is clear and sharp . The color is great . For the size of the speakers , the sound is outstanding . I like the USB ports on three sides . I watched someone trying to give a presentation with a laptop with ill placed USB ports . He had a difficult time getting prepared . I would recommend the purchase of this model .
 Had this for several months now and overall I am happy with the product from Toshiba.Biggest letdownsFan is REALLY noisy - It 's truely awful because you `` Should '' be able to use this as an Uber-Media hub for your house considering the WMC capabilities of the product . But no one would want to hear this beast of a fan through an entier movie ... unless it 's a movie about loud wind like Twister or something . . then I suppose it would n't matter.Windows Start button - Huh top right ? Who puts it top right ?? Every other Windows keepboard has it lower left between CTRL and ALT . IT DRIVES ME NUTS !!!!! If the fan was n't so darn loud this would be my biggest gripe.Internal Speakers - I think they come with rocks inside . They sound good except for with the bass and they crackle even at low volumes . Ok it 's laptop speakers , but it a MEDIA CENTER Laptop ! Hello . Anyway , headphone it and enjoy.Hot - Very Hot . The fan runs constantly -LRB- see above -RRB- and the undercarrage cooks your lap - or table - or probably your grilled cheeze if you put one under there.Toshiba Software for H * ll ! - to quote C.Bing - `` Could they load ANY more useless Toshiba software at start-up ? `` Software Extras - all crud ... Enjoy deleting for the first day you own.Now some positives.Stable - No shutdowns for me . It recovers from hibernate fast and with little problem . In fact I keep mine in hibernate most of the time re-boot sometimes only every couple of days.Display - Great , REALLY great display screen . I love it . I had a friend comment that they thought it was Plasma not LCD . Yeah they 're not so smart , but the screen is pretty sweet for a LCD . As soon as I saw it I knew I should have upped for the 17 '' . Battery life . - Short battery life is a problem out of the box . If you want to extend you battery life learn your laptop and how to set up a Roaming profile to turn off all the extra 's your not using when you travel like the wireless or bluetooth . Although it 's not great Toshiba does provide a utility to help you tweak your laptop for battery . Test some different configs or buy the extra battery.Overall a solid laptop . Hey as laptops go , even with the letdowns , it 's a good one and I am happy with it . I would recogmend this for a laptop user who wants reliable yet with the extras . BUT ! If you thought it would double as a media player for the TV . Ummm . . No . If you thought it was good for LOTS of travel . Ummm . . Why would you think that ? It 's big , it 's heavy and with all the extras of COURSE the battery wo n't last hours and hours . To close if you want a good entertainment laptop to take with you now and then ... baby you gots it.Cau
 > I have had the Qosmio F15 for two years and getting ready to start my thrid year . Overall I have n't had too many problems , but I have had problems that everyone else has had it sounds like . Mainly with the cooling system , the fan is extremely loud , and I have had to send it back twice due to the cooling system . I would get a error message saying I needed my cooling system repaired and then it would shut off . Apprently it was an easy fix , because it was only gone a couple of weeks but it was just a huge hassle trying to get it sent off . > Really about the only other complaint I have is the battery life , which I knew would be terrible when I bought it , but the other features that came with it mainly the WMC has come in very handy . I keep cable hooked up to my machine and it acts as my own DVR system , even though the built in TV tuner is n't that great it still gets the job done . And the S-Video in 's and out 's have come in handy when traveling . I upgraded the ram to 1 gig when I bought it and overall the machine runs and loads relatively quick even after two years .
 My experience : - Noisy Fan < -- TRUE , but it is not too bad . - Laptop runs HOT HOT HOT ! < -- NOT TOO HOT - Periodically shuts down without warning due to overheating < -- NEVER HAPPENED TO ME - The batter life is abysmal < -- NOT IN MY CASE - Very weighty & big < -- TRUE - Poor placement of cooling fan ; if you try to use the laptop on your lap , you often block the cooling fan causing a crash due to heat < -- NOT TRUE , the colling fan is on the left side . - Screen
 I love the monster cable ultra capacity charger . toot bad I can not find it anymorethe one is for sale does not have a good review and they do not have more of it . Just in case it goes bad.my existing one is good until somebody place a alkaline battery in it by mistake.Will monster will be able to fix it ?
 This camera met or exceeded all of my expectations . I had shopped around and visited stores that stocked this camera , so I was familiar with it and other models in this price range . I bought this camera for a Carribean cruise and loved the fact that the dial to change different light situations was so easy to use . I am a `` digital camera dummy '' , but this camera made my pictures look as though they were taken by a pro . Loved the camera , loved the price -LRB- saved $ 60 -RRB- , and loved the service I got from the Amazon related store . I would definately buy from them again .
 I have always been a fan of the durability of the sony cybershot cameras . . I bought a 3.2 mp camera 4 years ago ... Must have dropped it more than 2 dozen times and still works like a charm so i bought this camera as a christmas present for my sister ... After just messing around with it and testing it out I decided to buy one for my other sister ... Great product just like everything sony makes . .
 Excellent product meets my needs and my expectations , previously had a model cibershot of 4.1 megapixels .
 Got this as a present for my boyfriend and he loves it . Wo n't stop taking pictures ... and they come out great no matter what ! Even during a party with no lighting and lots of movement the pics are still perfect . Oh and the service was great too . I got it before Christmas Eve and had only ordered it a few days before .
 I research a lot before buying this camera and I am very pleased with it . It does n't have many features , but for a vacation picture for a reasonable price , it is a very good deal.The best part is that it is very easy to use and all my pictures were very good .
 This is a great value . Excellent point and shoot . Vivid colors and high res . Very easy to use . Worth every penny .
 This camera is awesome . It will take pictures almost as fast as you can push the button . With the 2gig high speed card it will downloand to the computer in short order . The pictures are great with the 8.1 pixels . We made the right decision purchasing this camera .
 The camera is just perfect is Sony and the price is the best . Thanks Amazon you are great !
 I bought this camera two months ago , so far it 's been really good , I do n't have any difficulties , everything works as it is , the picture is great . This is definetly a camera for a new generation who just love to have fun , point , and shoot . Nonetheless , thank you for always giving great service Amazon .
 I love this camera , you need to learn which setting to use for the type of environment ... but once you know what one to use you are set
 I bought this camera as a replacement for my cybershot dsc-p200 which had broken due to a hard fall.I love the size and the internal features of the camera -LRB- like the photo editing -RRB- . The scene selection is also simplified making it easier to know when to change them for optimal results.Although my previous camera had 7.2 megapixels , I feel the picture quality was better than this one which has 8.1 megapixels.The shutter speed lags which makes it hard to capture those fast moments but the battery life is great . I have gone over a week without charging it and using it 5 days straight and the battery keeps going.Overall , I am satisfied with my purchase and would recommend this camera to any fan of sony cameras . If youre looking to shutter speed though , I recommend you look elsewhere .
 This camera takes really nice pictures . However , there are few small problems with this camera . Image stabilizer is lacking in this camera if you take pictures in motion it does n't come all that well all the time . The battery life is a little limited . One more small peeve with the battery is that to charge the battery it has to be taken out of the camera and placed in a charger . I have another camera whose battery can be charged in the camera itself . Other than these minor shortcomings this is a great camera
 I just got my digital camera last friday and I must say , after trying out all the features , I was impressed . I love the in-camera retouching feature because I love to add something creative or cute on my pictures and it proved to be very convenient for me . In this feature you can either add a little burst on the pix , fish eye or blur out some of the parts pix . . also , what I love about this camera is that I could reduce the red-eye in just one push of a button and I could do it IN the camera itself . . unlike other cameras where I should upload it first on my PC and retouch it . . You could also crop the pix in the camera too . . is n't that fantastic ??!!! Another thing that I love about this camera is that it has a burst mode so if I feel like taking a lot of pictures in just one press of the shutter , I could do it ! That means , no missed moments here !!! At first I was kind of hesistant in buying this digital camera because my first choice is a canon but believe me , you wo n't go wrong with this camera . . The style is slim and simple but you will be impressed with what this camera has to offer . . It has so much features in a tiny camera ... Do n't think twice about this camera ! It is THE best !!!
 I 've been very happy with the camera . I 've been wanting to go digital for quite some time , and my primary cameras in the past have been SLR . I LOVE the menu screen on this camera , where it gives you pop up word descriptions for each choice on your menu . I 'm thinking of recommending this camera to my folks -LRB- who are NOT real literate when it comes to electronics . -RRB- Icons will mean nothing to them and it 's very helpful to see actual words describe the functions.The only negative is I miss having the preset setting for fast action pictures like my SLR has -LRB- the little `` running man '' icon -RRB- . The super-steady shot feature works great for shots where your subject is already standing still , but EVERY picture I 've taken where there is motion comes out blurred . I hope this feature has n't been permanently removed from Sony 's line , as I 've seen other cameras of theirs that have it . I wish this one did.Overall I 'm very happy with my purchase , you ca n't beat a Sony digital !
 Granted , I am not really a photography aficionado , but this was a major upgrade from the HP Photosmart 735 I received as a gift several years ago ... if nothing else then for a major improvement in battery life . It 's really easy to use , and so far I have gotten nothing but great results from it . There are also some higher level features if you know anything about how to manually set a camera , but they are somewhat hidden in the program since I imagine that most people who chose a `` point and shoot '' are n't looking to get too manual with it . It also seems pretty durable . I spend a lot of time outdoors and in the woods , so my cameras take a beating in my backpack and so far this one has lived up to my expectations and more . If you 're just looking for a really nice , solid point and shoot camera with a ton of features ... you 've found my recommendation right here . My only additional recommendation is that , if you purchase this camera , you should purchase an additional battery as well ... especially if you are planning to travel with it . For many sony camera 's -LRB- this one included -RRB- you need to remove the battery in order to charge it , and rather than lose precious photo time trying to find a wall outlet and waiting for it to recharge , it 's nice to have a back-up ready and waiting .
 Sony 's has never failed to impress me . I recently owned the W70 and loved it and i love this.The pictures are good and the in-camera features and modifications are well placed.The pictures are great and video is great and the camera is pretty stylish.Cons
 Sony Cybershot DSCW90 8MP Digital Camera with 3x Optical Zoom and Super Steady Shot -LRB- Black -RRB- I have not used all of the features yet , but just in the Auto mode it does great . The results are clear and colorful . The shutter lag time is short , and the boot up time is very quick . I never use flash , so I ca n't comment on that feature . It does have a tripod mount . I did purchase a high-speed memory stick which helps along the total capturing effort . Granted , it 's not an SLR , but for it 's size and intended purpose , you wo n't go wrong here .
 This camera is the best camera i 've used so far . I used previous models of cybershot , Canons , Nicon , but nothing compares to this one . For those of you who are shopping for a good camera for an excellant price , do n't even think about buying one without Image Stabilization and Anti-Blur technology . And this camera does that perfectly . I used to have a Canon SD630 , it was absolutly terrible . This camera is so easy to use , and has a lot of cool options too . If you are rich , get the T100 instead , its got all the features of this one , but it has a 3 inch screen which is really nice . But if you 're on a budget and want all the bang for the money , you wo n't go wrong with this one .
 Do n't let my title fool you - I love this camera . It takes wonderful still pictures that come out clear and beautiful . But whenever I attempt to take a night picture without flash or of a moving object , they come out blurry . I have tried using the different settings but I still can not get the pictures to come out in focus . The battery last a very , very long time and extremely user friendly in regards to menu features and uploading to PC .
 I got this camera to replace my aging digital camera . I was shopping around for nice cameras at the stores , and I eventually decided upon this one . It 's a pretty straightforward Camera . I would n't recommend this to hard-core camera enthusiasts as there are clearly better ones on the market . My only peeve with the camera is that sometimes certain things do end up a bit brighter than they should be , but most of the time the pictures come out nicely . It 's pretty small too , so you can keep it in your pocket quite nicely -LRB- it 's smaller than my wallet -RRB- . The camera has different modes , which may be a bit overwhelming to some users but a bit of experimentation with the modes will tell you which one to use for what occasion . You have an `` auto '' mode which will adjust the specifications for the best shot , but there are other modes for different specialties , such as long range shots , winter shots , etc.It 's a bit pricey , -LRB- I actually got this for about $ 230 at Circuit City since it was marked for an Owner 's discount -RRB- , and I feel that the camera is not worth it 's $ 300 retail tag , so I suggest that you try to shop around or jump on the occasion if it 's cheap.Overall , if you just want to take some nice pictures but not professionally , this is a great camera.Be sure to pick up a memory stick duo , preferably a 1 or 2 GB model as the camera does n't come with one .
 Sony Cybershot DSCW90 8.1 MP Digital Camera with 3x Optical Zoom and Super Steady Shot -LRB- Black -RRB- Excellent camera
 I have had this camera for about two weeks now and i have to admit when i first got it i was a little afraid that it wasnt going to live up to the standards of the camera i was replacing it with . My old camera was really bulky so that is why i purchased this cybershot . It fits just about anywhere and i love how lightweight it is also . Perfect for travel!My old digital camera didnt have all these fancy features that this sony offers which is probably why most users arent getting the perfect photos on the first try . Its been two weeks and i have discovered exactly how to get the quality photos i am used to . Now that i know how to use the features properly i am extremely happy with my purchase . While there are many things that might contribute to the grainy photo issue that i have read from other reviewers , i think one solution might be to lower the photo size settings to the 4x7/5x7 setting -LRB- unless you are wanting to print out something larger -RRB- . Overall , very happy with this product .
 I shoot professionally and this is camera I use when I do n't want to tote my giant one around . It 's very easy to use . The pictures are great . It shoots very quickly -LRB- not a lot of shutter lag -RRB- , which is a big thing when you are shooting kids . You miss it in one second .
 its pretty good for a regular digital camera ... the battery life is pretty long . . even with flashes ... I wish all the accessories for the HD hookup came included
 Bought this to replace the older model that got stepped on . With the same megapixels the pictures turn out even clearer with this newer model . Same great features as previous model only a little more compact . Glad I went with the same camera . I love Sony 's fast turn over rate for taking multiple pictures as well.I primarily use this camera for siteseeing , climbing mountains and family photos/memories . We use the video a lot as well . Very easy to use.I would recommend this camera to almost anyone looking for a great digital camera .
 I have this camera for a few weeks now . I first bought it without any reviews , I was afraid , but now I know that it was not a bad decision for me to purchase this camera.I like the super steadyshot , slideshow with music - I think this is great . The photos are clear and nice.When I first hold this camera , I wish it could have been nicer design and thinner in size . But I dont take it a big deal , as long as it takes good pictures . The photo were not blurry at all when I took them while driving.Overall , it is a good nice camera .
 This is my first digital camera . I should have bought a simpler one to start with . It has many good features but I have not figured out how to use them so I put the camera on automatic . If you know what you are doing it 's great , but otherwise start with one that is truly `` point and shoot . '' Also , everything is very tiny and I need a magnifier to read the screen.Angela McEwan
 one of the top 5 point & shoot cameras -LRB- as reviewed by cnet -RRB- , and a * very * reasonable price compared to their other top 5 picks.it 's apparently the best gift i 've ever given my little sister -LRB- an aspiring photographer -RRB- you might wan na look into its predecessor -LRB- DSCW80 -RRB- as it doesnt differ much except for the higher resolution . Still , i found the sony cybershot well worth its price , as well as the effort i put in finding it .
 This camera is awesome ... I can think of very few bad things to say about it . It takes great point and click pictures -LRB- which I do most of the time -RRB- and it seems to offer a good amount of adjustable settings if that 's your style . The different preset settings you can choose on the little wheel -LRB- landscape , twilight , etc -RRB- work great and using them properly adds a lot to your pictures . The face recognition does n't always seem to catch all the faces if you do n't point it just right , which can be a little frustrating , but when it does work it makes the pictures look very nice and most of the time it seems to work pretty well . I would recommend that anyone who buys this just goes ahead and buys an extra battery as well ... running out of battery is the one major issue I have had with this camera , but keeping an extra charged battery with the camera is an easy solution to that problem.I would recommend this product for anyone looking for a high-quality , mid-priced , point and shoot camera . I have a friend who got the exact same camera for Christmas , too , and she loves it just as much as I do .
 The camera is great and does work very welll . Took it on vacation and shot were great . Just have to learn all the setting and use them correctly
 I ' am a longtime Canon fan . I have had 3 Canon digicams over the last 5 years and they have by far the best optics out there . I though I 'd give the Sony a try since they have the Zeiss lenses now.I have had this cam for about 4 weeks now . I have used it under many conditions and have used the various functions to full effect . Everything I threw at it came back with great results . I love the Sepia and B/W settings ! Also , it does pretty good video and it will do quite a lot with 1GB card or more.Style wise the cam is cool looking and pretty small . The screen is nice and big and gives great output . Overall a great point and shoot that is just a notch below the comparable Canons .
 Got this camera days ago . I have not used many features yet , but taking pictures outside has pretty good quality . The included 31MB memory can hold 13 pictures . However , there are two issues with the camera . One issue with this handy camera is it does not allow to put `` date '' on the picture when make shoots , while my old DSC 100 -LRB- only 5MB though -RRB- camera has this feautre . Using the software on CD -LRB- included in the package -RRB- can add `` date '' , but you need to modify each picture which is not convinent . Another issue with this camera is it uses Memory Stick Pro Duo . I have 4 Pro cards with my old DSC 100 , but they can not be used on this W90 camera . Instead , I have to buy Pro Duo for the camera . But overall , this camera is slim , handy , and easy to use .
 Since purchasing the Sony DSC-W90 , my family and I have taken over 500 photographs . All but a few turned out perfectly ; those that did n't were due to excess movement on our part.The image stabilization and face recognition features have worked flawlessly.Family and friends have been extremely happy with the quality and sharpness of the photographs.In addition , the camera is very easy to use and has an almost video game feel to the controls . My teenager son in particular loves to tinker with some of the special features.An excellent camera for those looking for something inexpensive but capable of producing expensive results .
 Camera does all that my 15 year OLD nikon does , and a lot more . The memory is a requirement , since it can only hold about 30 photos . Also a spare battery is good to have . A camera with 5mp or 6mp is sufficient for a good picture , but since I may want to blow up some of the good ones , I decided on 8MP . The face recognition system is mind boggling , it really recognizes faces and outlines them . I could go on and on with the many features , all very good .
 Easy to use Takes great pictures Light weight and will fit in shirt pocket
 Unbelieveable this Camera is just the best the production is fantastic could not of made a better choice.considering the Price and what this camera can do it is well worth purchasing.Very easy to handle , very easy to understand . Battery life amazing . Very light and confortable to move around with.I am very happy I Purchase this Camera . Could not of made a better choice .
 I love this Camera the only thing I wish was better is the zoom other than that I have taken pictures at dawn & dusk and the pics are great .
 Wonderful product ... Took to Vegas and pictures turned out amazing ... Took to baseball game and video clips are flawless ... Had some shipping problems , but still got product in great condition ... Highly recommend this over the lower end cybershots , well worth the little extra $ $ $ $ $
 I dont know what the deal is with Sony these days . Quick summary the new W line offers some improved performance , lighter pictures -LRB- better flash performance -RRB- compared to the previous darker cybershots cameras . However in this new W line . The menu system is NOT simple but more complex and in addition Sony removed the battery time remaing !!! Pffft , that does the user alot of good . Again Sony 's greed shows prompting the user to get a faster charger and buying an additional battery becuase the user can not rely and guess the time remaining . I will give this camera a try if picture quality is anything like the negative reviews I will return and settle with the tried and proven W55 . If this does pan out , it could rilval my F828 .
 I noticed that at certain angles the light reflected off the anti-reflective coating of the lens shows up on the display as purple bars of light that extend up and down the screen . It does n't seem to show up in the photos but do show up when composing the shots.Someone else I know that owns a W80 said that he has also seen the purple light bars . I just want to let everyone know before buying that this is a flaw of this camera.It can be a bit annoying seeing it when composing a shot . That 's why I 'm not giving it 5 stars .
 The camera is compact and easy to use . The picture quality is great . It is a good buy .
 Thanks so much for your prompt delivery . This is a perfect Christmas gift for my son !!
 I bought this camera because of the great reviews and I was not disappointed after getting it . I recommend this to anyone .
 Bought this item for my wife who lost her sony w55 camera . I am happy with the price , timely delivery and packaging . Tested the unit and found that it shot good pictures . easy to operate and the recovery after each shot is very fast . That is why I am a sony loyalist when it comes to digital point and shoot cameras . I just wished it would come in pink so it would be feminine for her .
 This was my first purchase of a digital camera , I love this one . . added 2 gig card ... takes beautiful pctures -LRB- zeiss lens -RRB- , highly recommend , very user friendly .
 seems excellent ; have not used in all settings yet , but once you adjust the light settings for varoius indoor lighting , excellent results .
 its a really good camera . . very user friendly . . it light , small and practicalbut when consider buying a camera you should think about the zoom it has thats the only thin i would actually upgrade . . i mean it has a good zoom but when comparing with another canon i have i would have gotten one with moreit really depends what your gon na use it for . . apart from that i higjly recomend it . .
 I was looking for days for a camera that was easy to use , compact , and also with a decent price . I LOVE IT !! This fits all those categories . It takes beautiful pictures all the time , and the pictures are so clear ! I have to be honest and say I was very nervous until this camera arrived at my home . Even with all the reviews I thought , `` You do n't really know what something is like until you get it . '' On top of that I bought a used one that said to be in `` like new '' condition . Let me tell you ... my camera came perfect . I love this camera so much and would tell anyone to get it ! The only thing I was n't use to was the camera came with a battery that you have to charge instead of using AA or AAA batteries . If charging a battery isnt a problem for you then get this item !! The battery last a good while unlike some batteries can so ... I guess it has to be your personal preference , but I LOVE THIS !!!!!
 GREAT CAMERA . I BOUGHT IT FOR MY BROTHER OVERSEAS AND HE LOVES IT . NO PROBLEM
 Althought I bought it as a gift , the person who got it is very happy and told me the camera is awesome .
 I bought this as a xmas gift for my girlfriend and we love it . This is the best point and shoot digital camera I ever used . Excellent battery life , shutter speed , and everything else . Highly recommended .
 To be honest , I never much cared for Sony products before now . This little camera is just what I needed and wanted . It takes really nice pictures and most importantly , its a snap to use . I ended purchasing an extra battery , but to my surprise , the standard battery is capable of taking over 200 shots before needing a recharge . I 'm impressed . The lcd screen is cystal clear and very bright . For the money , you just ca n't go wrong . I wanted a small point & shoot camera because I got tired of having to deal with large camera cases , lens covers and all of the gadgetry required to take picture with my other digital camera . This is small , very simple to use , takes great photos and fits in a shirt pocket . You just turn it on and go . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I 've had this camera for 3 weeks now . I love it . It turns on and is ready to shoot very quickly . Much faster than my Canon G2 . After reading the manual , I found it very easy to use . It does remarkably well in ambient light . The steady shot feature seems to really work well . The camera is so small yet feels good to hold . I especially like the menu that shows up on the screen which is easy to read and tells you what the setting does . I do n't have to remember everything . The larger screen is great for viewing plus it has a view finder for shooting outside in the bright sunshine . Two weeks ago I shot nearly 500 pictures at an art show . Only one was not in focus . I started shooting with the flash on , but then tried several with ambient indoor lighting and finished the show with mostly natural light shots . This last weekend I used it at my class reunion shooting people . The face recognition did a good job . On shots of 10 ft. or more the flash was weak . I do n't expect the flash in a shirt pocket camera to be very strong . So far I have not used the movie feature . I am surprised at how long that small battery lasts . It is good to have the battery indicator showing the remaining charge.One feature I wish the W90 had is the ability to turn off the screen and have it show the picture just taken briefly and then shut off again . That probably would save on the battery . Also , if shooting every few minutes , one could disable the auto shut off and leave the camera on for the duration instead of turning it off and on frequently.This is the first time I have bought a camera without a card . Usually there is some small useless card with the camera and you have to run out and buy a larger one . This camera does not come with a card so I ordered the 2 gig memory stick along with it as a package .
 I upgraded to this from the Sony Cybershot DSC-W50 . They have made some great improvements but they have made some changes that I do n't like also , which is why I give this 4 stars and not 5 . If you 're looking for a small point-and-shoot camera , this one is great , but it definitely has red eye issues for indoor pics with the flash , so be warned ! The good news though is that this camera has red-eye removal software right in the camera . I would say it works about 80 % of the time , which I think is very good . The rest I just remove in Photoshop or Shutterfly.I did some research online and talked to some camera experts and I found out that red-eye is a very common problem with these small point-and-shoot cameras . It 's unfortunately just the way this camera is designed - the lens is just so close to the flash.If you buy this , definitely get a big 1 gig -LRB- or bigger -RRB- card so you can hold lots of pictures and video . Also I would recommend a 2nd battery so when 1 is charging in the wall , you can be using the other one.PROS - Small and compact - Very slick design & very attractive -LRB- I have the black one -RRB- - Good menu navigation - Good photo quality , especially outdoors - Red Eye Removal Software right in camera - I love the Lithium Batteries - Great battery life - Image Stabilizer and Face Detection - not as many blurry pics as the W50 - Decent Zoom - 8 megapixels - Video with sound - Lots of different modes , although I never use them - TimerCONS - Major red-eye issues - Still some blurry photos with flash off - I ca n't crop the videos !!! :-LRB- I could with my W50 . I do n't know why they removed this great feature . I am VERY disappointed . - The video mic is in such a stupid spot - on the top right where your right finger sits - so if you do n't think so move it , the sound on the video is muffled . It was on the top left on the W50 which was also stupid because that is where your left finger sits . WHY ca n't it just be on the front where your finger would never be ? - Why did they move the battery/card door to the side ? I liked it much better on the bottom like the W50 . On the side , I am always accidentally opening it up . - The menu wheel is much better on this than the W50 . They have it more embedded now so it ca n't move as easily on it 's own . Thank goodness!I really do love these Sony Cybershot cameras . I 've tried Olympus , Canon , and Kodak and I just like Sony 's better . ALL of these little cameras have red eye issues , no matter what brand .
 I have this camera for a couple of weeks now and I really love it . Compering to my old DSC-W1 , Sony did really a great job . Camera looks awesome , everything 's working great . Night shots are great with or without SuperSteadyShot . ISO in P mode goes to 3200 , maybe to loud but ok . Face Detection works amazing . Everything I did with this camera is A + . I really do n't have any complaints . Battery stays alive pretty long . I have 4GB Sony MS Pro Duo and more then 1200 shots to do ... donno if I 'll ever menage to do that.So for now I think the Sony CyberShot DSC-W90 is a great little camera with no bigger flaws for now . Even the display has lower resolution then some new models , this one is still good enough . If the sun is to bright I simple use an optical viewfinder.To be continued ...
 I researched this camera and its competitors pretty well before pulling the trigger . I already own a Canon A640 which i have to say shoots great pics.So what is it that i truly like about this camera !? . -LRB- played around with it a bit -RRB- 1 -RRB- Well built and reasonably stylish . It has the heft of a metallic finish and with the black color its very sweet .2 -RRB- Interface and UI design . Kudos to Sony here , easy to use !!! pretty much went through a bunch of shooting options without even looking at Manual . Sp . Mention
 The extra features on this camera are great ! I have enjoyed being able to do red eye correction and trimming directly on the camera , and the specials effects -LRB- partial color , soft focus , fisheye lens , and cross filter -RRB- are FUN ! Being able to do a slide show directly on the camera and also while connected to a TV -LRB- have n't tried that yet -RRB- are great features ! I had a cybershot 4.1 that I upgraded from , and the controls are similar enough that I could literally point and shoot immediately upon it 's arrival -LRB- after charging the battery of course ! -RRB- . The battery charger that comes with it is nice and compact ... just right for travel purposes ! I got the camera with intentions of getting super great pictures on my trip to Hawaii later this summer , and I feel very comfortable that I will come back with a very nice collection of photos ! Get a bigger memory stick , an extra battery , and a protective case and you will be set also !
 And great and little it is.After taking more pictures I have raised it from 4 stars to 5 stars!Razor sharp photos - great color.The ldc screen explains all the setting and what they do , great aid for us novices.Takes clearer , with more depth perception , photos than my older Canon Digital Rebel!And all the new bells and whistles - face recognition - image stablization - in camera editing.We love it !
 This camera takes good pictures , but I was a little disappointed in the picture quality . It takes much better pictures outside than inside .
 Received the used camera in good shape at a good price . It meets my expectations and I am happy with my purchase .
 I have to say , that it has been 4 years , and this Camera is still going strong . I have taken over 50,000 pictures and I have to say this camera is just very reliable . I even purchased the diving case for it ... unfortunally I only used it 2 times ... . Well besides that yes the camera has been to all my world travels and has taken pictures of all types of ocassions . It is a really good camera the day pictures aver vivid and the HIGH ISO night shot is nice at capturing low light , -LRB- Do n't Expect DSLR -RRB- over all this has been one of the longest lasting Sony products . I know at some point it will stop working and is almost irrelevant to review a item that is 4 years old but yeah I thank you Sony Engineers for creating this camera it has been without any faults or glitches since Feb , 2007 . I just hope the next replacement is just as good . ...
 uch I liked the camera excellent for trips and tours to and very good capaidad resolution for photos and videos
 I bought this camera used , it came in great condition and was happy with the seller . Good compact camera , picture quality good but not great , eaze to carry around , like to still be able to look through eye opening for focus , newer models no longer offer this feature . I 'd buy it again if I had to do over . Fit 's my needs perfectly .
 The Cybershot DSCW90 has always been perfect for photo taking.I purchased it as a replacement -LRB- lost -RRB- . The first was great and I really enjoy this one as well . It handles in your hand with ease and controls are easy to adjust . The ISO up to 3200 is a valuable assset for this small camera.This camera has a viewfinder unlike the newer ones . It has built in red eye reduction . An overall super camera . You would not be disappointed in the prints .
 Liked this camera for the money I paid . Infact I bought 2 of this 2 Years before and they still works well . It 's very handy
 I got this camera for a two month long trip around SE Asia and from what I can tell in the month that I have had it , it is going to be great for years to come . It takes beautiful pictures and is really easy to use . The delay between pictures is minimal ; flash makes a great picture , very clear and precise . I love that it is not super-compact but still lightweight . I have dropped it a couple of times already :{ and it still does n't have any scratches or show any problems in taking pictures ! In short , if you want a reliable camera that is not too technical , this is it !
 It is a very good camera , steady shot , good picture quality , versatile , and very small .
 I like sony products , so I boght this camara . . I have 8,2 mp and can films in HD .
 It is a great camera , i recomend to every one sony cyber-shot , realy not only does it make beautiful photos but also great vidios with DVD quality : -RRB-
 I got this camera and I am enjoying it , it was a very good deal .
 This is a great point and shoot camera . Great photos . Only negative is when light is shining on the lens at a certain angle you get blue streaks off the lens and have to adjust to get rid of .
 I tried like 20 differents cameras . -LRB- large & smalls -RRB- When I saw this camera i said
 The camera was received in time as promised and has all of the features that I was looking for . Low light sensitivity and compact size are the best qualities . It will provide me with sharp pictures for years to come .
 Nice camera . In good lighting it produces high-quality pictures . Not perfect in low light with the settings I 've used so far . I will have to try some different settings to see if I can improve them . The LCD is nice and large , and the camera has good battery life .
 This camera was purchased to replace my sony that was recently stolen . It is an upgrade from my previous camera and does everthing I need it to do . I like the fact that it does n't take very much to figure out and the result is great pics .
 A good product , but as all projector lamp , works for less time than we 'd like .
 I would have given it a five except it didnt come with instructions but it was simple enought to replace . The order came in a timely fashion I appreciate the delivery time . I will probably ordering another lamp in the future . Great Price !
 The product was delivered on time . The teacher has used the replacement lamp before and has no problems .
 This is a very good lens for my camera which is a G9 . I have stunning photos with this lens . It is the photos that you get that are the final test!Hope you have the same results as I have had.Kermit
 This lens gives me the wide view I often want , without degrading my Canon G9 's image quality . I like having a 26mm - 158mm zoom range with this lens attached , with the option of returning easily to 35mm-210mm due to the easy bayonet system .
 Dont let the little picture fool you . This lens is build solid and has great optics . If you like to shoot your G9 , your really gon na love shooting it WIDE !
 I purchased this converter about an year ago , and I am totally happy with the result . At first I was a bit reluctant in spending the amount but now I can say its certainly a good buy . Its been delivered to me without any trouble in a proper packaging . Overall I 'll totally recommend this product .
 It is really good and very suitable for G9.You do n't need to worry about the photo quality using the wide lens . But there is a problem , because of the huge size , so if you use flashlight , the big lens will cut out most of flashlight . In addition , it is a little bite heavy . In a word , it is worthy to own , and I like it .
 Canon WC-DC58B Wide Converter Lens for Canon A650IS , G7 & G9 Digital CamerasLarge , heavy , high-quality Wide Angle Conversion Lense for Canon Compact Digital Cameras . Converts focal distance by a factor of about 0.75 . Requires a lense conversion adapter , Canon LA-DC58J . Draw string storage bag accepts lens with converter attached . Because it 's size obstructs the standard flash an auxilary flash is needed , see Canon High-Power HF-DC1 . If you plan to use this lense a lot , consider a Canon Digital Rebel Camera .
 I fell prey to Abe 's Of Maine lure of a cheaper but supposed same quality lense for my Canon G-9 and after two weeks of regrets changed up to this genuine Canon lense . Word to the wise , it was worth every extra penny . Sure , there are the issues with blocking the flash due to its size , but all forgettable as soon as you print out your first scenary shot .
 quality lense , made by canon . heavy , and cant use the flash with it , but MUCH better quality than anything in the aftermarket . enough said .
 I would just like to point out for those who might be unaware how heavy this lens is in comparison to the camera it 's designed for . I do n't have a problem with that fact , but when this lens is attached , it becomes impractical to wear the camera around your neck . Be prepared to sling it over your shoulder , or hold it . No qualms about the lens , though ; it has n't left the front of my G7 in a long time .
 It functionally works good enough ... and I 'm very satisfy about this product . but ... the size is `` big '' bigger than what I imagine . My G9 is no more compact camera with this converter lens . Well ... , except that , I still recomand .
 I love it but i am going to return it not because it is not good . . it does very good Job but this with the adapter make the Camera very heavy and unable to handle it my hands shaking when i hold the Camera but it does really an aweasom Job the only thing bothered me is the adapter big adapter with big lense increase the weight for the Camera . .
 The product was excellent and the price was the best I could find , Service was wonderful the folks were very friendly and most helpful . Suggest you folks to my friends . Its no wonder your stock is doing so well .
 It is very well made and works great . I used it for couple of years and I am very happy with the quality of the pictures and durability of the product . It comes with a convenient soft case , so it is easy to carry . There is one engineering problem -LRB- not with the product itself -RRB- , but its smaller cover cap does n't fit tight on the adaptor when both are put together ; I found that very inconvenient .
 Works great as you would expect . This lens is big . It makes you camera cumbersome as an SLR .
 The ordered goods were send to us almost on the same day as we ordered them . They arrived even before the expected delivery date which was visible under track your goods.Excellent service .
 It is big and really not convenient for general use , but when you need wide angle it is fantastic . Very clear and no distortion all the way to the edges .
 Overall , this is a very sharp lens , and in fact , it is sharp from corner to corner . However , it is a very large lens , which makes it not easy to carry around . Also , this lens is very prone to flare , so you often get a purple beam of light at the corner of your picture . One way to avoid this problem is to make your own lens shade . Because this is an add on lens , it has some barrel distortion . Too bad , canon does not implement a in-camera barrel distortion correction like Nikon p5000 , but the type of distortion this lens has can be correct easily by using photoshop 's lens correction filter . I give this lens 5 stars because the result this lens can produce is excellent , and it does give you 25mm field of view for not a lot of money .
 This is a serious lens . I know the price can turn some people off , but that 's because you 're paying for what you get - this lens is a real piece of work . There 's lots of glass in this product , so it 's heavy and pretty wide . Still , if you 're using your G7 to take pictures indoors , for example of rooms as a real-estate agent , or just want to get that wide-angle effect , you 'll get more than you 've bargained for . The photos come out clear , bright , and vibrant . Note that you must have the LA-DC58H adapter to use this lens , as it does not attach directly onto the camera . The G7 actually has a setting designed for this lens in the menus , so if you want to get the most out of this , make sure you set the camera properly .
 Ahh , where to begin ? The WC-DC58B is a wonder to behold . The quality , look , and feel of this lens at first sight impressed me greatly . I was immediately seduced . It had the same effect on my wife . After using this lens now for a few weeks on the Canon PowerShot a650IS I have both positive and negatives to relate . -LRB- If you intend to use this lens on the G series Canon Cameras some of the details may differ or not apply ... for example the focal length . -RRB- The good : * Excellent construction quality * Inexpensive compared to a high quality wide angle SLR lens * Comes with a lens sack and two plastic lens covers that fit easily and stay snug on the lens * No perceptible degradation of image quality compared to pictures taken without the wide angle lens * The camera becomes quite impressive with this lens , however you no longer will look discrete when taking pictures : - -RRB- Quite a few Cons : * Quite large and heavy , it is a bit of a juggling act to carefully screw this to its adapter and then attach it to the camera when you are in the `` field '' . Luckily with a lot of attention while doing this I have not dropped anything -LRB- See the images I posted for a look at the parts and sizes -RRB- . * The Canon documentation for the a650is says to only use this lens on the camera 's wide end setting * You have to buy the separate adapter to attach it to your camera * The closest focus distance is about 12 '' -LRB- 1 foot -RRB- on the A650IS * The lens blocks the optical image finder and the flash . This makes the lens less than optimum for indoors use unless you buy the external flash unit . * Wide angle but not so wide as to be dramatic
 Good , reliable , sturdy but rather bulky . Performs as specified . Can not use the onboard flash with the converter as it blocks the flash .
 As an enthusiast , I bought the G7 to work my way up to a digital SLR camera -LRB- from a 35mm -RRB- without spending a ton of money . While not inexpensive , buying all the options for the G7 has been a good choice and the results are amazing . This lens does everything I need it to do and I use it for all around shots . Need an external flash if you buy this lens .
 I returned another brand that claimed it was superior and compatible with the G9 ; however , their claim was false and the lens was useless since there was tunneling around the entire image and you had to zoom in to get rid of the dark edges making it a useless wide-angle lens , The Canon WC-DC58B works well with minor barreling and NO edge cut-off . I am very pleased with this product and commend Canon for its production .
 This lens satisfies my need for a wide angle lens except it is almost as big and heavy as the camera . The lens blocks the built in flash , so I had to get a hot shoe flash in order to use the lens with a flash.Haven ' t had a chance to take any serious pictures with it yet.I have a feeling I am going to have to buy another smaller camera with a 28mm when I go on my next vacation .
 Looking for a wide angle attachment for my Canon G9 . I got duped by Abe 's of Maine to buy a `` better brand '' for half price . The reality is only canon lens allows you to use the entire range of the built in lens ability to zoom . With all other brands , which are smaller , you end up with a picture in a circular frame unless you are zoomed completely out.When I called Abe 's to return it they said `` all lenses work that way '' . Not true .
 Solid and classy construction . Quite pricey . This is a true Canon product . Picture quality is superb for a converter although there 's some very slight chromatic aberration in corners and image barreling . Easy to fix in Photoshop though . Highly recommended .
 The product does exactly what it promises - takes the view of my G9 and makes it wider . I have taken a few shots with this so far , and they look good - canon makes pretty good glass , even at this lower screw-on adapter filter level of products . one thing though - this lens is BIG . makes the little point and shooter look like a kids toy with a big shiny monster eye in the middle . . I probably wo n't leave this on while walking around with the camera.one ` feature ' i didnt like was the way the threads are set up - you cant put another filter between this and the camera unless it has very deep threads - so i can not use my IR filter and wide angle together easily .
 This is the most rugged wireless keyboard I have come across yet . Its range is amazing and best of all it does not have an F-Lock key . The mouse is very responsive and does not seem to eat batteries very fast .
 Setup was a breeze . Instructions were easy to understand . I can go about 30 feet away and still pickup the signal . I would buy again , most definitely .
 Love this keyboard as it 's a replacement for my original.Has a battery strength and a signal strength indicator.Good range and nice ergonomics
 Both the keyboard and the mouse work well . There is a peculiarity with the mouse that I expect is typical with wireless mice - a very slight delay between the time you make a movement and the system reacts . If you use the mouse continually , this is n't a problem . The receiver plugs into an available USB port and has a light on it when it is receiving valid signals , which is handy . Unfortunately , on my desk machine , the USB ports are in the back which means I ca n't see the receiver during normal operation . I put a USB extension cable between the port and the receiver and clipped the receiver to the edge of my bookshelf which solved this problem . If you have a front USB port , then you are all set . Otherwise , I have n't had any other issues .
 I have n't even used this stuff yet but I know it 's good wire . I have some of their 12 gauge wire and it 's excellent . This I 'll be using for surround runs , long runs . 50 ' runs . I 'd recommend dayton wire to anyone , it 's well worth the cost .
 I purchased charger at same time of battery purchase.Belive me it 's everything it 's supposed to be.Just plug it in , snap in battery and in about 1hr .45 min . to 2hr . you will have a fully charged battery.Don ' t know about other batterys or chargers claiming to be compatable with my Nikon . It 's always been my belief if you have something that has optional accessories stay with that brand .
 They offer a battery charger , then you receive that . The product is good , it 's little , you could carry it wherever you go . It charges the battery in only two hours .
 I ordered this product and it came right on time . I used it to charge my battery once and it worked . It 's always better to have one extra charger in hand before the product goes out of the market . I have a JVC camcorder and the charger stopped working . I tried to get another charger from JVC and web , but that model was not available . I had to buy after market charger and it did n't charge well .
 After loosing my battery charger for my Nikon camera I found out that Nikon does n't carry the original charger any more - very disappointing , since the camera is only a few years old . I tried several off-brand chargers which just did not give the battery any charge . Then I found the exact Nikon charger that I lost on Amazon through PCMonde and it works great .
 This item came quickly , was nicely packed , and it works in the camera just fine . This is a great item . You should have a spare charged up and ready to go at all times . M
 is a very good complement to the iPad , easy to use , friendly , and very light , compact . strong , pretty colors , almost perfect
 Seller was fast and accurate . Received the otem post haste and it works great . A +
 I received a Nikon Coolpix 885 years ago for Christmas but found myself unable to use it after a while because the charger supplied was broken . I finally got around to ordering a new one and found this . It had no problem QUICKLY charging all of my old batteries -LRB- four in total -RRB- without me having to wonder when , or even if , it would be complete . It 's a simple comfort , yes , but one that I enjoy being able to rely on . Definitely a solid charger !
 Product is in good condition like described . It performs well . However , the order took a long time to ship .
 I was shopping around and could not find a charger that clearly stated the model that i was interested inThis charger works perfectly , thank you
 My dog decided to crunch my original antenna in place of his chew bone so I knew the product very well . Could not match the price or delivery time anywhere that I knew of . Pretty straight forward piece of equipment and a first rate dealer experience .
 Works as advertised . good quality . durable cable.Long enough to get from the night stand to the window.does not tangle very easily . just the right size
 This antenna fits my XMP3I radio home dock . I wanted an extra Antenna so I could move my radio 's home dock to another part of my home , I have this one in my basement window with good reception .
 Adding this to my ` boom box ' xm radio was just what I wanted . Now I can get better reception without ballancing the radio on a shelf , a railing or a window sill . Nice long cord and great sensitivity .
 After slicing my original cord by accident doing lawn work , I was at a loss as to where to find this part . I searched many companies , even the XM store . Prices were outrageous . I found this vendor on Amazon with decent pricing and ratings . I order frequently on Amazon for books and have had no problems . I ventured to ordering other hard to find merchandise and came across this vendor . Did my own research , just to check for legit and my own peace of mind . They are legit and located in Florida . Fast shipping , very fair cost , and product was listed as used , but I found it to be in very good , almost new , condition . Enjoying my satellite radio again . Thank You !! Belkin F5X003 Home Antenna for XM
 I needed a replacement antenna because my cat managed to chew threw the cable on the original antenna . This antenna works great . Other users commented on the connector not fitting due to the angle . That 's not a problem with the Pioneer Airware . I just turned it so it fits .
 great antenna ! truly durable . i ca n't believe the weather it has gone thru & still going strong . we keep it in our shed & it has gone thru several diff kinds of weather conditions .
 Needed an additional XM antenna for my other car and this worked great up on the dashboard with my portable radio
 This works great for XM . We use it regularly and have been very pleased with the quality . Great for stocking stuffers .
 Arrived earlier than I expected and was exactly what I needed . Price was the lowest I could find for this antenna
 It protects it , it does n't bulk it up , it 's resistant , is cool , is cheap .
 Good price serves the purpose and came fast and just what I need thank you than you thank you thank you
 When I try to use this dvd media for my Sony dvdcam , the `` SONY media recommended '' always showing up . It seem SONY always suggest to use their product even for media . So far it is OK for capturing my kids activities by my SONY dvdcam . The result is OK .
 Good for its price.Reminded me of the classic iPod earphones , in which it copied its design.However , the sound of the right earphone decreased after three months of usage and cord started to tear , revealing the copper wires underneath.This started to become an annoyance after five months of use.Anyhow , it 's very good to showcase , because of its vibrant color . Though , like all earphones , these were not built to last a very long time as I could tell from its constant set of problems as the days progressed.-Peter T. -LRB- Loser !? -RRB-
 First off , you 're probably wondering why I gave it 4 stars and said nothing else compares . I took off one star for a few problems that I 've had , otherwise without those it would have been perfect and received a fifth star.I bought this bag 2 years ago when I was getting ready to travel to London on a business trip and I was bringing my DSLR along too . I did n't want to carry a laptop bag along with a camera case so I was looking for a good solution . At the time , most information about this bag said it would fit a 15 inch laptop and I happened to have a 15 inch Apple Powerbook . When I got the bag I immediately tried it out and found that with some perseverance the zipper would actually close . When I 'd load the laptop with the rest of the bag empty the closure was so snug I worried about it busting the zipper , but it never failed . However , if I tried to load the laptop with other stuff in the bag it would n't work . Here 's the other bad news about the 15 inch Powerbook . A year later I upgraded to the newer 15 inch Apple Powerbook and the radius of the corners were sharper than the previous laptop and it would n't close no matter how much I tried.Here 's the other two things that kept it from being a 5 star bag
 Many descriptions of this backpack state it fits 15 inch laptops -- this is NOT TRUE . Other than that , it 's really pretty awesome . The yellow fabric inside sticks to Velcro hooks , and it includes a memory-stick case and a pen case with Velcro on them.Awesome bag ... I just wish I did n't have to carry my laptop in a separate case ... especially after spending so much money on it ! - Zach
 I bought this backpack to carry my camera when I travel . The area designated for the camera is secure and well padded . My complaint about the bag is it must be sized for a man with broad shoulders , it is always falling off my shoulders -LRB- unless I secure the additional buckle across my chest -RRB- . The top compartment is handy but not very big . I use the secret back compartment to keep my wallet and important papers in , I ca n't feel them there and no one can steal them . The shoulder pads rub on your bare skin but are fine if you are wearing a long sleeved shirt . The water pouches are nice as are the cell phone & i-pod pocket . I wanted a small bag to carry my camera in and I guess this is it , it just is n't `` perfect '' .
 This is , without a doubt , the best camera bag I 've ever had ... and the fact that I can also carry a small laptop is an added bonus . OK , it 's not perfect if carry really long lenses , but for carrying one or -LRB- even two smallish - Nikon D40/60 are what I carry -RRB- digital SLRs with standard lenses for everyday use -LRB- mine are Nikkor 18-200 zoom and 60 mm micro -RRB- it 's perfect . Lightweight , great padding , convenient , small accessory and bottle pockets .
 I was using a shoulder bag for two years . The weight of my SLR , bettery , charge , flash ... etc was killing me if I went for a day trip . I compared dozens of camera bags on the amazon and on the net , from $ 30 to $ 200 sth , from sling bag to backpack . I finally picked up this one . I have been using it for the recent trip to DC -LRB- several days walking in DC -RRB- , Shenandoah , Newport ... took it to everywhere . I am a 5 ' 5 medium build woman . This backpack fits me very well -LRB- tighten the front staps if you are wearing short sleeved shirts , so the shoulder straps can be away from your bare inside arms -RRB- . I put everything into it
 The perfect backpack if you carry an assortment of gadgets . Although my 14 '' laptop wo n't fit in the laptop compartment -LRB- did n't expect it to really -RRB- the compartment is perfect for storing magazines and documents . It is not overly big and no bigger than the Gap sling bag I replaced it with . It is comfortable to hold and also looks really cool .
 Nice Bag , Enough space for camera with kit lens , plus a telephoto and prime in one compartment.another compartment for another stuffs.the laptop compartment might be a bit small and tight.lacks a compartment for tripod .
 Could n't ask for a better camera bag ! It is durable , light wait , has a lot of pockets , and holds everything you need for a day walk .
 Short version
 I bought this for myself . It works very well . It is comfortable for me . Will buy it again when and if I need a new mouse .
 I was useing the mouse board on my laptop and I hated it . When I would scroll up or down it would seem that the computer had a mind of it 's own . This was very frustrating to say the least . Since I 've bought the Kinamax MS mouse my scrolling problems are gone . It 's a great product and at a great price . I also found it well made and very comfortable to use.I would recommend this product with out reservation.Sincerely - Marc Richard
 Just what I wanted . Roller wheel and designed for left or right hand , depending on which wrist is hurting today . Functioned plug-and-play right out-of-the-box on my toshiba laptop running XP .
 The price and the ease of use for this item is great.At first it seems small but when you get used to it it 's just right .
 Overall , good product . Worked right away , easy USB connection , instantly recognized by Vista . 4/5 stars though due to small feel in the hand . For an adult the mouse just feels a bit small . Easy enough to get used to though .
 I just had to plug this in and it started right off working so well , I really like it
 This was a great buy . This is a very reliable mouse and I use it everyday . The product is small , very useful , and durable .
 the mouse works perfect . It was all that I wanted.I would tell every body this is great
 My wife loves this mouse because it 's a little smaller than a regular one and works like a charm .
 I am very satisfied with this mouse . It is too small and sometimes the cursor jumps too far . But hey , what can you expect for this price ? If you want cheap but reliable this it .
 Mouse is very lightweight and feels cheap -LRB- which it is -RRB- Great little mouse , good for the price , works well - no problems
 This is not a precision mouse such as the kind gamers like . But , for your everyday mousing needs -LRB- e-mail , word processing , etc. -RRB- , this one is a great deal . I was motivated by price and the need to go simple and wired after having problems with a wireless mouse transmitter that fell apart.It installed itself quickly and easily on my Vista system . No muss , no fuss.A mouse pad is recommended . ******** UPDATE . This mouse died six months after this review was written and after it caused my computer to crash while unplugging if from the USB . I bought another model from a different manufacturer . *********
 I like the size of this mouse . My hands are smaller , so it fits nicely . Not too small like some of the notebook mousers , and not too big like some of the older ones . Perfect . Works very well .
 The cord is a bit short , and does n't reach around the back of table to the computer underneath , so I 've got it going around the side ... I suppose one might want a shorter cord for a closer computer , but I did n't . But it seems to work well , other than that .
 Overall a great mouse with a great price to go with it , smooth and very easy on touch , great choice for graphic design
 I was just glad to find a battery for an older cordless phone , rather than to have to spring for a whole new phone . Easy to install , and it works .
 This product works and looks good , the price was right , and it is easy to install . Ca n't ask for much more .
 I wasnt expecting these to fit as great as they did , now my new radio -LRB- Clarion CX501 -RRB- fits GREAT in my toyota celica . I would recommend these .
 I have a 2000 Celica and it fits well . I had no problems installing it . I just need 5 more words .
 Put this in a 2010 Toyota Tacoma 4 door . And fit perfect color matched perfect . Would recommend for a double din tv
 not only was the fit perfect for my 2005 Highlander , but the installation instructions were great . I 've always had pros do the install of head units , but was able to take an older unit and install it into the Highlander with ease . Thanks !
 Worked great for my new double DIN radio for my 2006 Toyota Highlander . I removed the back half of the plastic per the instructions for my make/model . I also removed the faceplate trim and mounting hardware from my radio and installed just the bare component w / these pieces . A very small gap shows on the top and bottom , but once installed and aligned - it is mostly invisible from the driving position .
 This product works great with my 2000 Toyota Celica GTS . If you do buy the product , be sure to buy screws from your local hardware store .
 This product fits perfectly in my 2004 Tundra . it was a bit odd at first till I re-read the instructions and noticed i needed to CUT part of them off . then it fit perfectly .
 Installed a pioneer avh-p3400bh in a 2005 scion xb and this are a MUST if you do n't want the head unit to have gaps on the sides on it ha
 I had to do a small alteration to the arm but it fit up very good and filled in the space around my deck .
 Installed in my 05 Sequoia that I put an aftermarket double din dvd player . Works great . You will need to do some cutting depending on which vehicle you have but the included directions show you exactly where to cut . Just be careful not to cut off the wrong holes on the kit . Also , you only need to take off the front 2 screws on your factory brackets -LRB- that are connected to the radio -RRB- in order to install the kit . You do n't need to take off the whole bracket.Total install/cutting time
 PERFECT FIT ON 2005 TOYOTA TUNDRA AND A PIONEER 3400 DVD . Fills in the gap between the radio and the trim .
 This looks great in my dash with very little space showing . I had the unit professionally installed with this dash kit and it shows !
 These fit perfectly into my 2006 Scion TC with Pioneer AVH-P4300DVD unit - with some modifications . You need to understand this is a generic part made to fit several models , and while they do a fairly good job , you will need to either cut or shave them to get them to fit just right . I had to cut off one of the mounting holes since it interfered with the bracket . Also , since the 4300 has a motorized display that slides out , I had to shave down the sides to provide the clearance necessary for the screen to move . Once that 's all been done , it looks great now . Fills in the gaps perfectly and looks like a pro install . Just realize that you may need to do a little extra work ... but if you have your dash apart already and are installing a double DIN cd or dvd player , you probably are ok with that . Giving it 4 stars only because of the extra work it takes to make it fit -LRB- in some cases , like mine -RRB- although I understand that . But I 'm sure not everyone will . With the final product it is definitely 5 stars .
 I have a 2011 Scion tC . You need to remove the stock metal bracket from the stock radio , and screw that onto both this plastic trim , and the new aftermarket radio . You will need to also modify the plastic brackets by breaking off a piece of the bracket that is hidden inside the dash anyway . It describes this in the instructions.Again , this works find in the 2011 Scion tC .
 If you need it for a Toyota Land Crusier Prado it works like a charm , a lot cheaper than the original and works great .
 This thing is awesome . The iPod controls work great and I now leave my iPod in the glove box it has everything the iPod has right on the screen and there is no real delay with the steering wheel controls ... Glad I got it .
 Length :
 Installed this Metra-Toyota dash kit along with Pioneer Avic 920bt in my '04 Tundra double cab . Follow instructions on trimming the attachment brackets and the fit and finish will look great .
 Used to replace the stock Toyota stereo in my 2001 Toyota Highlander Limited w / JBL sound system , replaced it with a Pioneer AVH-4300DVD . Installed 3 weeks ago an no issues so far.Installation instructions for multiple Toyota models included.Plastic is strong and molded well . I had to cut then brackets to work with my car , instructions for doing so are included with this unit . The brackets also have lines molded into them so you know where to cut . It makes it so these brackets can work for multiple models of cars . I used tin-snips -LRB- heavy duty shears for cutting sheet metal for air ducts -RRB- and it was easy , not implying the plastic is cheap at all . You could also use a dremel or other cut-off tool , hack saw , pretty much anything that will cut plastic.I used the screws that came with my new stereo rather than the screws that were on the original stereo but either would work , flat head tapered or pan head , I chose the flat heads that came with my new stereo purely for aesthetics.The front vertical sections are visible on the sides of the stereo screen , sort of a gap filler sorta deal . The plastic does n't look that great beacuase , well , it 's plastic . But in reality most people are more blown away by the aftermarket stereo than how it 's mounted , not a big deal . I likely would n't have paid more for anything that looked better anyway .
 as opposed to the unit Crutchfield sells , this one fits perfectly in the '07 Toyota 4Runner . The other unit -LRB- I ordered both to be sure -RRB- requires alot of trimming , this one bolts on and fits perfectly in the space alotted in the factory dash opening .
 It 's exactly what it looks like . Standard plastic , holes line up right , no problems . Used on a '09 Scion xB .
 The Amazon `` will it fit '' tool said that this item would n't work with my 2011 Scion Xd . Metra 's website did show that it would work , so I made the purchase . It worked perfectly . This is the second time I 've bought this same item , I previously used one in my 2005 Scion Xa . Both times it worked great .
 Got it for my 2005 toyota highlander ! it covers side gaps perfectly ! matches the color of my trim . Overall gives a factory look to a double din radio.Highly recommend !!!!
 I was a little skeptical about these when they first arrived - the plastic seemed a little light . As it turned out , however , they do n't support any weight and simply fill in the gaps on either side of the double-DIN stereo I installed . They were straightforward to install in my 2001 Highlander and look great in the dash .
 Required a bit of trimming for an 07 Matrix , but does the job pretty well and looks nice .
 That is all that needs to be put in any Toyota Product get it , GOT IT , GOOD . Its that damn simple .
 This is a perfect unit as part of your home wireless system . This was the easiest install I had in a long time . I purchased this card together with 3Com wireless OfficeConnect Gateway . The installation process took less than 10 minutes.Positives ; - Very easy install - Low packet loss - Works well in brick house with many interfering signals -LRB- Microwave , cabling ... -RRB- Not so good : - Thirsty . Using the PC Card with my laptop made my battery life decrease by 50 % -LRB- worse than even a normal modem -RRB- - Short product support -LRB- 30 days ... -RRB- - Range not so good .
 I purchased this bag for my husband who has a Canon 40D . He needed a camera bag for traveling that met very specific criteria .1 . It needed to fit his 13 '' macbook laptop .2 . The overall dimensions had to be 36 '' or less to count as a `` personal item '' -LRB- not carry on -RRB- on flights .3 . He also wanted a backpack or sling style -LRB- not a shoulder bag -RRB- so it would be comfortable to wear while on vacation and for easy camera removal.These criteria did not leave a lot of options ! Luckily the Kata Ergo-Tech Series Sensitivity V was just what we were looking for . It is a sturdy bag and well thought out . The compartments are easy to access while on the go and the contents stay secure.Yes , the 13 '' macbook fits and with some room to spare . There is maybe 0.75 '' on the side and 1.5 '' on the top of extra room.So if you have the same needs in a camera bag , you will have few options , but this one is a real winner .
 This backpack has served me for almost 2 years , and I 've been extremely rough on it . I use it to carry my laptop , SLR , and everything else I need -LRB- pens , pencils , wallet , cell phone , flash light , knife , usb drive , etc. -RRB- . Because of it 's yellow insides , I do n't have to hunt to find those little things.The bag is light and comfortable . I would buy another one in a heartbeat .
 Fits my Canon Rebel D-SLR with a 50 mm lens and 75-300 lens . Could probably fit another one also , but it would need to be padded to keep it from banging into everything else in the main compartment . Also will fit my MacBook 13 '' ... a little tight , but still well protected . `` Phone '' compartment in strap is way too small to fit just about anything but maybe a CF card . Good features for a great price . very satisfied .
 Extremely satisfied !!! Absolutely the very last bag you will ever need !!!! Which unfortunately for me means I have to have more of these awesome KATA bags . I an a civil engineer , constantly on the move . I travel from office to field , to gym to grad school , everyday ! Sometimes on foot , sometimes on a bike , sometimes on public transport . I have to carry my laptop , mp3 player , cellphone , extra clothes , food ... and some other stuff ... I have been looking for this bag all my life . If you have several `` worlds '' to juggle . This is the bag for you .
 Laptop compartment slightly too small . My laptop with 14 '' screen will fit in there without zippering it closed though . Loading and unloading the camera and lens is slightly cumbersome due to the velcro system that it has in the lower compartment . Very good though for it 's size and looks .
 Bought for my son , and the laptop area is small but does fit his macbook 13 '' . He uses it for his camera gear and ipod etc when traveling . It works ok but he found out you have to strap the items in as they have a tendency to fall out quite easily if not strapped in . For his medium build it worked perfect , not sure on a bigger person .
 I 'm very happy with this product , and think anyone interested in a multi use camera bag will be quite happy with it . Based on the other reviews , I wanted to share that I am able to fit my 15 '' macbook pro in the laptop slot . It 's quite snug , and it takes some pushing and what not to zip around the top corners , but it fits . Also the phone and mp3 player compartments locatd on the front of hte straps are too small for any phone I 've ever had . The neoprene is too snug , and and unless you one of those bean shaped mp3 players its going to be a tough fit ... and by tought i mean nearly impossible . Having said that , buy this bag . It 's great . It also fits very snugly , almost like a Gregory backpacking bag - without the size . The neoprene is not ideal for venting back heat though .
 I was in love with this backpack.When I opened up the box I was so happy . Just as I had imagined . Have no doubt ; this bag is pimp.As soon as I got to my equipment to try it out though , skepticism set in . Canon 30D with a Tamron 17-50mm attached fits fine in the bottom section and the straps hold it quite snug . On either side there are 2 slots for relatively long lenses -LRB- maybe 5 or 6 inches -RRB- . The 70-200 f4 , however , would not fit without either cramming it in , or unzipping the divider -LRB- a very nice design concept -RRB- . I decided I could make do , or even carry the 70-200 in the top compartment . Then I tried my laptop , and it did n't fit . It 's a dell latitude d620 -LRB- widescreen -RRB- . I was planning on having it be a tight fit as I 'd prefer a smaller bag , but it was just too little.Heartbroken , I 'm sending this bag back -LRB- I plan on trying out the Lowepro Fastpack 250 -RRB- . If you have suggestions , let me know.If you do n't have long lenses or a average to large laptop , this bag is spectacular . Extremely well put together , comfortable and good-looking . oh , it IS a bit snazzy though . If I could use it , I probably would n't take abroad . It 's a very pretty bag .
 I 've heard a lot of people describe using this bag as feeling a bit like James Bond . It 's a neat bag , but I think that 's going a bit overboard . The bag is relatively good looking , though a bit geeky in my opinion . It is extremely functional though . Very well thought construction , and easily stores my DSLR , point-and-shoot , and video camera , along with all the necessary cables . The laptop slot is also handy , though it fits at MAX a 12 '' laptop . Do n't think you 're going to shoe-horn your 15 '' macbook -LRB- much less a 17 '' -RRB- in there.I do n't use it as my primary laptop bag - I have a nice Tumi for that . But I throw all my cameras in this , and never have to worry about packing up this gear .
 After spending many hours researching camera bags online and in camera stores , I chose to purchase the ` Kata Sensitivity V ' camera bag . I currently own a 15inch MacBook Pro and a Dell Mini 9 NetBook , so I wanted something I could carry my camera gear in , along with one of my laptops.The first impressions of the bag are spectacular . It has ample room for my D300 , a 50mm lens , 10-20mm lens , 70-200 lens , hot-shoe mount flash , CF cards , cleaning rags , a snack , AND my NetBook laptop . It really does work well . I 'm totally impressed and constantly get comments about its great looks.Despite what another review of this bag states , I could never get the zippers of the laptop compartment to fit around my 15in MacBook Pro . Nor would I want to force them . I do n't want to break them , or mangle them in some way . So I would recommend 13-14in laptops are the max . The compartment is also roomy enough to hold a magazine or book if needed also.This bag does not give you ` instant ' access to you gear , as you might expectdue to the zippered compartments . -LRB- Velcro will always be faster . -RRB- But overall its quick enough . The zippers and construction seem to be of the highest quality , and I would expect this bag to last for years . I use this bag primarily for longer trips , opting for my sling-type bag for around the town walking , etc.After a month or two with the bag , I 'm just as in love with it now as I was when I got it . I would recommend this bag to anyone who has a 13-14in laptop or smaller , and wants to carry their photography gear around with ease and style . Enjoy !
 I recently went to the Pacific Northwest for vacation , and tugged along my Canon Digital EOS Digital Rebel XT , 18-55mm lens , Tamron 11-18mm lens , and Canon 400mm lens.I put the large 400mm lens in the top section , the camera body and two others in the bottom section . Inside the top section is a small zippered pouch where you can put small items , such as a lens cloth , brush , etc. . I had a large lens stored there which took up 95 % of the space , but if you do n't have such a big lens , you can use that area to store an external flash , and a few smaller lens.The laptop section is rather small , so you can only fit a 13 '' sized laptop or smaller . For my trip , I just used it to hold small pamplets . The external pouches are rather small and for my purposes , not very useful . They are very tight , so they ca n't really hold anything large . They ca n't even hold lens filters very well . I put a stock Hoya plastic lens case in the side pouch , and one of the sharp corners of the lens case actually left a mark on the bag . If I had left it longer , it probably would 've punched a hole through.The material is very soft to the touch , and can withstand light rain . However , I would n't take this bag out in a thunderstorm , as it is not waterproof . The bag is very stylish , and quite comfortable even lugging all my camera gear for hours . It does get a little hot in the back , as there is no ventilation.Overall , the Sensitivity V is suitable for hauling a limited amount of photo gear . Do n't expect to pack a lot into it .
 I purchased this bag for the sole purpose of accompanying me on a 3 week trip through Asia . While searching for a suitable travel bag , the main features I looked for were 1 -RRB- protection , 2 -RRB- mobility , 3 -RRB- style , 4 -RRB- options - what can it carry ? - and 5 -RRB- price . The Sensitivity V hit all of those requirements so much so that I 've converted the use of this bag from travel to every day use.I was able to comfortably carry a MacBook Air -LRB- MacBook fit well as well -RRB- , Nikon D80 , 50mm , 18-200mm , chargers for both camera / notebook , and a few snacks to make it between meals . The bag sits high on your back with a low profile . The unorthodox zippers make it awkward for someone to walk by quickly and unzip & grab.For situations when I might need to carry other objects other than a camera + lens and charges , the middle compartment divider unzips and flattens . My only request would be that the lens / camera holders be removable . Not a detractor though from the rating.The best part ... You can carry all of your precious electronics on a trip in a bag that does n't scream camera or laptop bag . At least not the standard looking camera bag that most tourists walk around with . To add to the subtleness , I scratched off the bright white icons denoting which compartments might hold what type of electronics . E.g. the shoulder strap with a cellphone icon on the pouch and the laptop icon on the back of the bag -LRB- against your back -RRB- .
 I spent quite awhile searching through a variety of reviews on bags that I could use that would be versatile enough for my day-to-day life . I am a full-time IT professional and a part-time student . I wanted a bag that I could always carry my MacBook -LRB- 13 '' screen -RRB- comfortably , while exchanging the content in the front compartments . The internal compartment is great for storing the Nikon D50 , 2 spare lenses , and all the cords and connectors that go with the Mac and the Camera . I can also pull out all the camera gear and cart around a notebook , small textbook and dictionary.The bag is extremely comfortable to carry and does not pull down like many other bags do . I am very excited to use this bag on a regular basis and I 've already received many questions because of it 's unique styling .
 Very nice backpack . The best in it 's category I 've ever seen.Very small and packs everything that an amateur needs.Even packed with 14 pounds , walking all day long , i have experienced no pain.What I put inside : - Macbook pro 13 '' - Canon 7D - Set of 4 lenses - 3 Hard Disks - 12 batteries AA - SD cards - CDs and DVDs - cellphone - radio - water bottle
 Compact , yet amazingly capable camera pack . Carries my Nikon D700 , 14-24mm , 17-35mm , 70-180 micro lens , flash , ipod , cell phone , extra batteries and macbook air easily . Perfect weekend pack . Only wish it had a way to carry a full sized tripod and a waist strap to lessen the load on my shoulders . Otherwise-a fantastic pack .
 I purchased this Kata Bag after reading reviews here on Amazon and I love it . I was a little concerned about whether the material would be too hot on my back , but I used it on a two-hour hike in the Blue Ridge Mountains with no problem . Fits my back perfectly and makes my camera gear easy to carry , even when using hiking poles.I carried my Nikon D80 with 18-200mm lens attached , along with an extra wide-angle lens . My HP 14-inch widescreen laptop fits in the computer pocket.My only -LRB- small -RRB- complaint is that the webbing on the shoulder pads is a little rough , but only when putting the pack on or taking it off . On the shoulders it sits well and feels great . The straps are very easy to cinch up , and the size is roomy enough for gear without being too bulky to carry on a plane . My thanks to the Kata Sensitivity designers !
 This bag has all the room I need for packing light . It will hold my xTI body and a couple of extra lenses . The `` top '' portion of the bag has space for memory cards/sticks , which is nice . I really enjoy the bright yellow interior , it helps you acquire items quickly . The camera stays snug with the velcro / elastic strapping system.I would have given the bag 5 stars , but unless you have a macbook -LRB- 13 '' -RRB- , its probably going to be a tight fit getting your laptop in there . I also would have liked for the material against the back to not been neoprene , or at least have some moisture wicking properties . The bag gets a little hot on your back , especially if your hiking .
 When I was considering buying this bag I could not find out anywhere if my laptop would fit . Now I am happy to report that both my T61 14.1 widescreen with the 4 cell battery and my wife 's Dell D620 with the standard battery fit . The fit is a little snug , but since Kata 's material is stretchy , it feels almost custom-made and very secure . Proved to be a PERFECT airplane carry-on for a short trip with a laptop , DSLR and a digicam .
 The design is clean . Light and looks thin in size but it can hold a lot . I purchased it along with the Modi-Vers soft dividers so that I can compartmentalize my camera gear . I have not received it yet , but I will have to find out if I am able to use it since only the top and the bottom of the interior compartment has the Velcro lining -LRB- the main wall is nylon -RRB- It has been noted that the interior dimensions are 10.6 x 4.7 x 13.8 '' . I had planned on placing my camera along with the battery grip as one piece into the main compartment . The interior dimension does not take in account the padding that is between the laptop section and the main compartment -LRB- s -RRB- . In actuality , it fits only the height of body of the camera perfectly -LRB- a little over 3 '' -RRB- . Although it makes the bag heavier than a sack of bricks , when the zippered divider is open , I am able to fit 2 - 5D bodies , two zoom lenses -LRB- 24-70 and 70-200 -RRB- , the hoods and a flash in the main compartment . My laptop with the extended battery fits snuggly in the laptop portion.The padding between your back and the laptop and the laptop compartment and the main compartment would make a laptop seem quite secure . As for the exterior of the bag , it 's thinner than I thought -LRB- especially compared to the thickness of the shoulder straps and the laptop compartment . Time will tell , and hopefully , it 's as durable as durable as I 'm anticipating.Overall , the versatility of being able to have uses other than a camera bag and having the choice of two separate smaller compartments or one large compartment depending on my need is nice .
 This back pack is awesome . Looks great , funtions very well , much more room than in there than I imagined . Very happy with my purchase !
 Awesome Awesome best purchase ever ! I suggest everyone to get this as soon as possible . You wo n't regret it at all .
 Hey All ! I am in love with this bag , it is perfect for my needs . If anyone is SELLING please respond to this post !
 &#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy 's Summary : &#1150; &#1150; &#1150; &#1150; &#1150; Highly recommended with warm fuzzies!I TOTALLY L-O-V-E this backpack ! This backpack is very unique in its design . Once I put this backpack on my back , its ergonomics are so perfect that I feel like this backpack becomes a part of my body , a natural extension and outgrowth of my back . And its styling , for some reason , makes me think that it came straight out of the movie set design of `` Alien '' . H.R. Giger would love the look of this backpack ! Because this backpack hugs onto my back so perfectly -LRB- ` backhugger ' , not ` facehugger ' from `` Alien '' :--RRB- , it can feel a bit warm and stuffy on my back during the heat of the summer . But this is a small inconvenience considering how good it feels to wear this backpack.But the backpack is a bit on the small space for interior space . I REALLY wish and hope that Kata 's next updated version of this backpack is about one inch wider , one inch higher , and a half inch to a full inch deeper . But the stretchy neoprene can still swallow up my Canon 40D or 7D . I also pack a Dell Mini 1012 netbook into this backpack.Some of Kata 's own information mentions that this backpack works with their Modi-Vers divider kits -LRB- e.g.Kata MODI-VERS KIT-10 Semi-Rigid Divider System -LRB- includes 4 X 40 Inch strip with 10 Velcro connectors -RRB- -RRB- to let you configure your own compartments inside this backpack . But that is not true because , except for the top and bottom walls of this backpack having the fuzzy Velcro lining , all of the interior walls are lined with nylon , and Kata 's Modi-Vers Velcro dividers need either the `` hook '' or `` loop '' surface for the dividers to attach to . Besides , the interior of this backpack is so small that you can not fit too many dividers into it anyway.This backpack does not `` officially '' have a tripod carrier . However , I use the side pocket along with a carabiner and nylon cinch strap to hold mySlik Mini II 43.3 IN . Compact 4 Section Tripod With Ball Head in Gun Metal Finishcompact travel tripod , and this approach has worked very well for everything from all-day walking tours in foreign cities to hiking up steep mountains . My tripod does not shift the least bit even when I totally bend at the waist downward towards the floor while still wearing this backpack . See the two images that I have uploaded to the ` View and share related images ' Customer Images gallery to see how I did this .
 I have had this bag for more than two years now.What attracted me to this bag initially , was its uniquely sleekform fitting shape and protective neoprene material . The backpackdoes n't bulge nor sag , and the neoprene provides for ample shockprotection.As I started using it , all the other neat little design detailsbecome apparent
 I bought this backpack for a long trip over seas . I wanted to have all my electronics in one place , safely guarded , and within easy reach to pass all airport security -LRB- I had to go through several of them -RRB- . So this was an excellent choice for several reasons
 This bag is perfect ! It is so much easier to carry than a shoulder bag . Perfect for outdoor shooting , hiking , and just ease of carrying . No worries about leaning over and the bag slipping off your shoulder like other bags . Very well padded and organized room for PLENTY equipment . LOVE that there 's room for my laptop in the back . This bag is a must-have for an active photographer !
 Without repeating most of what I read in previous reviews , I 'll say that the pack is pretty cool overall . My main issue is that the lower compartment , where it looks like you would put extra lenses for your dslr , are too loose to hold lenses in place . They should have put 4 loops in the space where they only put 3 , so the loops would be tighter . If you try to put lenses down there , they will move around and fall out of their pouches.Although , if you only carry one extra lens , and put it in the pouch above the DSLR compartment , and then use the lower compartment for bottled water or miscellaneous other stuff , you should be fine .
 The best back pack I ever seen so far . It can be used for either carrying for photo equipment or only your laptop and gadgets.I have it for about 3 months now I love it more each day . Just came back from a full-week Disney trip and had the bag with me all times , plus handling two small kids.Very comfortable to wear , will not fry your back under intense sun and carry your equipment very safely.It also fits a Macbook Pro 15 . Both the older and newer versions will fit very tight . The older will fit a little better since is smaller than the unibody Mac . I also had a D90 , an extra tele , a flash , water bottle , blackberry , and other small things.Also take a look at this nice video review that helped me deciding buying it :[ ... -RSB-
 This is a cool little bag . It fits my 13 '' Mac Book Pro perfectly . It has plenty of space to store my Sony HDR-SR500V Camcorder and my Canon Rebel with an extra lens , filters and batteries . The best part is that it 's really compact . Even with all that space it 's not bulky to carry around .
 I needed a backpack for a recent trip back to the UK that would carry a laptop and SLR . I looked at many others including the other Kata bags , 467 and the U Gear , I felt the 467 was a bit to big for my needs and the U Gear , although looks very nice I was concerned about getting my Macbook in . I also looked at the Lowepro Fastpack 250 , which is very nice but , well it just looks like any other back pack out there . So I kept coming back to and eventually chose the Sensitivity V , and I 'm glad I did . Firstly , the bag just looks so cool , there is nothing else that even comes close as far as style.Secondly the ergonomics of the bag just feels good on your shoulders due to the contoured straps that shape around the shoulders and the construction of the neoprene material . You get a large lower compartment with enough storage for a body with lens and two additional lenses . I have a D90 with attached 18-70mm lens and a Tamron 28-300mm , with a Quantaray flash , and there is still room to fold my Opteka neck strap in on the camera . The above compartment holds my rocket blower , charger , extra battery , tiffen filter pouch with six filters . I also have my Canon point-and-shoot with charger and my Macbook Charger and there is still room for other stuff . On the opening flap is space for lenspens and memory cards . Around the back of the pack is a laptop storage , I have a 13 '' Macbook with a Targus sleeve for extra protection and it fits in with a little push.I recommend this pack for anyone that does n't want to carry around a ton of gear in backpack that hangs down to the ground . The Kata sits high on your back , is comfortable , looks great and is great for air travel that fits nicely under your seat .
 Just picked this bag up . So far i love it . I have a dell d620 -LRB- 13.4 '' -RRB- and it does fit , just a bit tight .
 Just the most comfortable bags I have ever owned ! Get complements all the time ! a very practical bag . Fits everything i need . Macbook Air , D40 , external hard drive , all the cables ... A steel at this price .
 Comfortable because the laptop is flush against your back and high up . Extra compartments can hold a camera , lens , lunchbox , or anything else . Flexible , trendy , and a great price .
 The pack does n't come perfect . The `` Kata '' logo is ludicrously outlined in pink and after coloring it in with a black sharpie , it is now perfect.I was searching for a bag that can fit my Black Macbook -LRB- 13 '' -RRB- and also hold my Canon XSI . The bag is made of a neoprene material with black mesh on `` Sweat '' spots like the back and shoulder area . One thing I was very particular about was that I find a bag that does n't look huge on me and fits just the items for a days journey . I 'm about 5 ' 10 '' and the bag is contours to your back making it look very Sleek and Stylish . I hop around NYC area all day and this works for me way better then a sling bag or a side pack . I find those to weigh too heavy on just one shoulder.It sounds silly to me when people complain that this bag does n't have a holster for their tripod or a certain pocket broke their nail . It 's like saying it does n't fit my Grand Piano and it does n't have a holster for my Couch . haha Well , that is just my 2 Cents .
 My wife loves this bag , it holds her MacBook and our Nikon D70 with lens and accessories .
 this bag holdsd everything in excalent orderholds my ipod dig camera portable dvd player 2 cell phones laptop 20 $ in quarters xtra clothes sunglasses garage door opener spare keys and i still have alot of room left over bgesides in the rain all the water runs right off the bag great choice if u buy this bag ty
 It took a little time to get use to how small it was inside . I took out the divider in the middle , and it made a lot of space . Every one comments on how cool it looks .
 I would have given it 5 stars if Kata had just made this half an inch wider . I have a 14 '' tablet PC and it is a really tight squeeze at the breadth of the laptop and takes me about 5 minutes to pack it in . But it does fit which is amazing for a bag this compact ! It fits some papers too since the thickness and height of the laptop compartment are reasonable.The design is very intelligent - there is even space to carry a water bottle on the side . The upper main compartment is roomy and I carry my power brick and do-dads . My Olympus E330 dSLR attached to its 17-45mm lens fits in the bottom compartment nicely secured at the lens by the securing strap . It also has a place for my 40-150mm zoom lens on the side , spare battery and an external flash . There is a lot of padding all around that I feel comfortable treating this as a regular backpack.The cellphone holder is not wide enough to hold my PDA-phone -LRB- Eten M700 -RRB- , but I can clip my phone 's case to the elastic pocket on the bag.The bag is very comfortable to wear fully loaded for long periods of time . Its designed so that you can slide it off your back quickly , eg - urban travel in subways . You wo n't take up much room in the subway , though if you are a regular subway traveler , be watchful of people who may want to mug you for the nice bag and the expensive stuff it conceals.Highly recommended . Not one cubic centimeter of space is wasted in my bag.Got it within 3 days from Adorama Camera .
 One important feature that 's not mentioned is how the design of the bag holds the laptop flat against the back , rather than hanging off it . Every other backpack I 've tried or owned has always ended up with the bottom edge of the bag against the lower back , and the top of the bag falling away from the shoulders , leaving a gap between the shoulders and the top of the bag . But the way this bag is designed , the heavier the laptop , the more likely it is that it will pull flat against the carrier 's back . That 's the most ergonomic and reassuring carrying position I 've ever had.Every other reviewers comments about compactness , sturdiness , quality build , safe storage of delicate electronics is accurate .
 This backpack is small . The only time this is a bad thing is when you try to stuff too much in.If you can understand its size limits -LRB- no encyclopedias -RRB- you will love it.The laptop section is well protected . A spiral notebook can fit in there , too . The camera holder is great.The weight distribution is nice , although I have not worn it for longer than half an hour , yet . The clip in the front helps bring the weight across the shoulders and chest . No bouncing or loose straps here.You will definitely impress people with this . Yeah I know trying to impress people is morally reprehensible , but get a grip . This backpack will make people jealous.The top handle is very nicely padded . You could carry it across an airport just by the top handle . I got it wet tonight and there were no problems . I did not go to a water park , but the rain just beaded up and either rolled off or evaporated .
 Not much to add to other 5-star reviews , I just want to point out that 2008 MacBook Pro 15 '' fits with a little pushing sideways .
 I received my Kata Ergo-Tech Series Sensitivity V pack today and decided to see exactly how much I could fit into it . I was concerned that I may have to leave a lens behind on an upcoming trip as others were only able to fit 2 lenses and a camera with an attached lens.Here 's what is in my Kata pack now : * Canon Digital Rebel Xti with attached 50mm lens * 70-300mm lens * Fish-eye lens -LRB- in it 's case/pouch -RRB- * 18-55mm -LRB- kit -RRB- lens * Speedflash -LRB- in it 's case -RRB- * Diffuser for speedflash * Charger for Canon * Extra Battery for Canon * 2 CF cards * External CF card reader -LRB- for laptop -RRB- and cords * Lens care kit in pouch -LRB- air brush / brush / lint free wipes , etc -RRB- * My cellphone -LRB- fit perfectly in phone area - it 's a Sony Walkman phone -RRB- * Ipod with headphones * Notebook sized laptop -LRB- 10 in screen - fit great -RRB- * Cords / plugs for laptop * Assorted lens filtersI still have 4 pockets yet unused -LRB- 1 each on the zipper sideways `` u '' shaped flaps -RRB- 1 on the strap and one on the side . I could also fit a magazine or paperback in with my laptop.It seemed heavy at first but on the back it feels fine . We 'll see how it goes after hauling it all over the islands.My one minor complaint is the white logos showing you where things go -LRB- picture of a laptop , cell phone , Ipod -RRB- . I 'll be blacking that out with a sharpie as I do n't care to advertise that I 'm carrying those items . Also , for more security we 'll be placing keyring loops on each of the zipper pulls so I can lock them together with a small padlock -LRB- since there are dual zippers on the top and bottom section -RRB- . It is gorgeous ! I 'm so very glad I chose this one . After searching for days for the right pack for my gear , I kept returning to Kata and the Sensitivity V. I 'm so glad I did !
 I used to carry everything in a regular backpack made by Tumi , but I 've replaced it with this bag . Being a lover of well-designed gear , I really appreciate the Kata Sensitivity . It holds my MacBook , Nikon D70 and 18-200mm lens , flash and another lens in the lower compartment as well has having an additional compartment on top to hold even more gear . I also like the small profile . Though very spacious , it is much smaller than a normal backpack , and as others have said , I do n't hit things with my bag any more when I 'm wearing it in a crowded place . There are lots of useful compartments , including one without a zipper that I use for my phone . My phone , a Treo 650 , however , does n't fit into the phone pocket on the strap . I do n't have any problems carrying this on one shoulder using only one strap . Also , it is very comfortable when using both straps and carries the load sufficiently high , even when fully loaded , that I do n't feel off balance . All-in-all , an excellent bag , I highly recommend it .
 This bag is great ! I have purchased several other camera/laptop bags trying to find the perfect one . They 're just always too big . This one is the perfect size . Here 's a list of what I have in it right now : Laptop Compartment : * Toshiba Portege M400 LaptopBottom Compartment : * Canon 40D SLR -LRB- wo n't fit with the battery grip attached -RRB- * Attached lens -LRB- Canon 28-135mm USM IS -RRB- * Canon 50mm 1.8 lens * Canon 430 flashTop Compartment : * Laptop charger -LRB- on of the big ones with the black converter attached -RRB- * 3x5x1 compact flash memory card case * Logitech wireless mouse * Canon digital elph point and shoot camera * Battery charger for the digital elph * Battery charger for the D40 * Two Circular lens filters in square hard plastic casesZipper Pouch in the Top Compartment * Two USB cables - -LRB- in the internal zipper bag -RRB- * Two USB memory sticks - -LRB- in the internal zipper bag -RRB- Velcro Flap Compartment in the Top Compartment * Extra battery for the D40 * Extra battery for the Digital ElphVelcro Pen Compartment in the Top Compartment * Two large fountain pensVelcro Top Outer Compartment * EmptyVelcro Bottom Outer Compartment * Two microfiber lens clothsSide MP3 Zipper Pouch * HTC Touch Cell PhoneThere is plenty of extra room in the top compartment and in the laptop compartment for some papers , magazines , or a thin book . As you can see this bag can hold a lot of stuff and it 's still really small . The bag completely full is about the size of the Lowepro SlingShot 200 AW . It also conforms perfectly to the back . I think I 've found the perfect bag.I do expect that as I use it more I 'll find that it will make my back a little sweaty as the material does n't look like it breathes very well . I also expect to need one of my bigger bags for an extended trip or when I need to carry more lenses . Other than that , no problem . Oh and it looks really sweet !
 I bought this bag based on Ron Brinkmans 's desciption on This Week in Photography podcast . I use it to carry an Canon D30 , a Canon 100-300mm f4-5 .6 , a Canon 28mm 2.8 , a Canon HV20 HDV camcorder , a blower , cleaning supplies , and power supplies , etc. . I like the size of it since it is fairly small but you can carry a log of gear in it . The straps are comfortable although my iPhone wo n't fit in the `` cell phone '' holder . Smaller phones should . The `` mp3 '' holder is too small for my iPod Classic but should hold a nano . Very compact but very useable space .
 What I need to pack -- 1 . Nikon D5000 , with Nikon 18-200 VRII lens , battery packs , memory cards and reader2 . Small camera - Canon G9 , battery packs3 . HP 2730p tablet -LRB- 12.1 inch -RRB- , power cord4 . iPod with charger5 . a small cleaning kit , a couple of maps , water bottle and an apple or two : -RRB- in future hoping for a telephoto lensWhat I have done so far -- I have bought 7 bags , including National Geographic and the famous swiss bag . Out of those 7 , I ended up returning 5 , while on two occasions I thought that I could get used to it!Problems - Most bags are built with professionals in mind , so they have too much space , excessive padding , hug size and kill your shoulder . Most of these bags also have 15-17 inch notebooks in mind ! I never liked the idea of lugging around huge notebook - kind of defeated the idea of mobility ! Oh well.What I wanted -- 1 . I like to travel and wanted a bag that I could use as I explore cities and bird sanctuaries , without getting bogged down by the burden of all the stuff ! 2 . Something to pack all the things listed above and still not kill my back . I was NOT looking for messenger bag . I tried some and after packing everything the weight was just too much . So , I wanted a backpack that would also have style : -RRB- I LOVE THIS BAG !!! I saw the video review on youtube -LSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RSB- In case the link doesnt work , just search for `` KATA Backpack ERGO-TECH sensitivity V '' and click on the review by `` jetdaisuke . '' You probably wont understand a word of it , but it shows you all the key features . One thing that I would add to that review is that the two compartments on the front can also be converted into one for a telephoto lens ! Super cool!It is a perfect bag for someone looking for easy to carry , stylish bag that is big enough to pack all your gadgets but not so huge that once you pack it you can not carry it !
 After getting sick and tired of carrying two bags for trips , one for DSLR gear and one for notebook , I started looking around for something that would hold all my stuff that would n't be so bulky as well . I love this bag . A great part of this bag is that it does n't look like a gear bag that could be holding thousands of dollars worth of gear . I was n't sure if my stuff would fit in this bag but unlike a few others have posted , my 14 '' notebook fits . Here 's what I have in it ... - 14 '' WS Notebook -LRB- Dell Vostro 1400 -RRB- Bottom Compartment ... - Canon 40D w/Tamron 17-50 attached - 580EX Speedlite - Canon battery charger & extra batteryTop Compartment ... - 70-200mm 2.8 L IS - Logitech VX Nano Mouse - Dell notebook charger - extra CF cards - lens penI also have other miscellaneous stuff like business cards , card reader , 8GB Zune etc that is in the bag . I 'm pretty much maxed out on the bag , except maybe adding the 50mm 1.8 . If I got a batterry grip on my 40D , I 'm not sure how that would fit in the bottom compartment either , probably would have to take it off when traveling . This is a very well designed bag and it 's amazing that it can hold so much stuff while being so sleek . My minor gripe would be not really having a place to put your documents.I think what I 'll do is put documents in a folder and put it in the laptop compartment . Also I think making it a tad bigger to fit a bigger camera with battery grip would be nice . The advertised size for the laptop compartment is 12 '' but like I said earlier , my 14 '' Dell Vostro fits , zips up and everything .
 I purchased this product and am certainly not sorry . It is wonderful protection for the LCD screen if you camera is in a bag where it can be scratched . In bright sunlight , the `` shade '' , when flipped up reduces glare significantly . The installation is a snap and ease of operation is another plus !
 much better design then the original version , its narrower easy to get to the camera buttons
 Both of the previous reviews are correct . It does protect the display and it is very easy to snap on and off . It also gets in the way and prevents the addition of an eyepiece extension.When I purchased my XT used , there was a broken hoodman in the camera bag . Apparently one of the side wings that hold the hood up when extended had cracked . I do n't think this was a defect of the product as much as mis-use by the previous owner.I was considering buying a replacement as I liked the concept very much . Then I had a different thought.I detached the spring loaded upper hood and remaining sidewing and now it 's great . I still have a protective window over my dispays and the existing eyepiece acts as an extension without having to buy another . I do n't have the additional shade over the display any longer , but I use the eyepiece 90 % of the time for my photos anyway.Try this . I would n't be suprrised if Hoodman does n't come out with another model just like I have described . Best of both worlds .
 This scale is certainly an improvement over my first purchase ! This one weighs correctly -LRB- and quickly ! -RRB- , which has saved me a lot of money , as well as many trips to the post office ! I would recommend this scale to anyone who has a home business or just wants to save the hassle of going to the post office to get an envelope or package weighed .
 Simple to use and very accurate . The only thing I do n't like is that there is no on/off button . It is always on and ready to weigh unless you unplug it .
 it tells you how much postage will be for a package . great for a small office .
 I grew tired of the monthly charge and cost of ink from Pitney Bowes for my postage meter I was renting from them . When I called Pitney Bowes to cancel my account , Pitney Bowes offered me a discount of over 55 % . Go figure ! They were happy to charge me more if I never wanted to cancel my account and I asked them three or four times a year if they had any programs that could help me save money . I switched to the USPS `` Click 'n Ship '' and stamps . Wow ! What savings and this meter is great !
 The scales are what I needed and as expected from Amazon suppliers , delivery was good . One click buying adds to the ease of purchasing through Amazon .
 The scale is every thing I wamted . The problem is it came with outdated postal rates . Exchanged twice and the same outdated postal rates . I have a third order on the way and hope it has today 's postal rates .
 This scale is very useful for click and ship and it also compact for home office use .
 To avoid burning an expensive coaster , update the firmware on your Dual Layer DVD Drive first . If you do n't , chances are you 'll get an error when your drive tries to finalize the disc . Does n't matter if your drive is brand new , or a major name brand , update your firmware first -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Also , these wo n't work in a regular DVD burner . Your burner must be Dual Layer -LRB- Double Layer -RRB- compatable.If your home DVD player is not dual layer compatable -LRB- and most are n't -RRB- , you 're going to experience problems . There will be a pause when the DVD transitions to the second layer -LRB- this is normal -RRB- . This is where a lot of old technology DVD players get stuck . They can play the first layer but get lost transitioning to the second.These Discs work fine in all four of my Dual Layer burners -LRB- Toshiba from Western Digital , IO-Magic , HP drive in 8000 series laptop and HP Lightscibe drive in a1110n desk top -RRB- . Out of 21 discs , I 've had one coaster , which is n't bad in my book . HP was slow to update their firmware to handle a wider selection of DL discs . The last update -LRB- I193 in my case -RRB- fixed many problems.Since these discs do work in many computers , I would highly suggest contacting your manufacturer if they do n't work in yours -LRB- update your firmware first -RRB- . The manufacturer ca n't fix a problem if they do n't know about it .
 I had perfect results with this media . I use a 1.25 GHz dual processor G4 Macintosh and a Pioneer 109 16X dual layer burner with firmware 1.17 , which is not the latest firmware for this burner . I used Roxio Toast to burn a two hour movie in 34 minutes and a two and a half hour movie in 40 minutes . The resulting DVD played perfectly on my computer and perfectly in my Panasonic DVD player . There was no stutter in audio or video on playback.It seems most of the less than favorable reviews come from PC users . Perhaps the solution would be to use a Macintosh instead .
 Far better than any single layer media I have used . Maybe I just have good luck , but all movies i burn with these disks turn out perfect !
 I do n't have much to say except prompt delivery , great product at a great price , thanks .
 Finally the prices of dual -LRB- double -RRB- layer DVDs are coming down . These Memorex 8.5 GB DVDs cost about $ 3.33 per disc , still expensive compared to two single layer DVDs , but about half the price of a year ago . I 've had no problem burning any of the discs .
 Priced right , high quality and very reliable backup for those important files !!!!
 I have an NEC 16x writer but that supports only the more expensive Verbatim -LRB- which for now is available only as 3 packs -RRB- . I used to get an illegal disc error whenever I popped in any non-Verbatim disc.Many Japanese firms are have extensive hand in glove arrangements and try to work out deals between themselves to fleece the customers . This does n't mean Memorex or TDK is worse than Verbatim.The official NEC site offers an upgrade to the burner 's firmware . After this simple firmware upgrade , Ritek media -LRB- which is what Memorex uses -RRB- works like a charm . NEC supports both 4x and 2.4 x. I suggest using only 2.4 x which is what Memorex -LRB- and Ritek -RRB- is rated for.For DL recording , I strongly suggest that you change the booktype in the firmware to DVD-ROM . This allows the DL to be played in any home DVD player .
 these disc were just right for the work i wanted to copy.i have stored many years of photo 's on these disc and save much needed space on my computer .
 Worked fine . People just need to make sure they buy the right DVD format 's for their hardware . THAT is the reason they sometimes have problems ... its NOT one brand versus the other that causes the problems . People do .
 I bought two boxes of these and I 've used them all and every one of them worked . I 'm using a NEC Burner and Nero to burn my stuff . I plan to buy more soon .
 These Double Layer DVDs worked out great with the exception of one . 2 were able to play in my DVD theatre system , but one did n't . It was not a total lose because I was able to play it on my computer using my burner and it worked just fine there !
 Not sure what some of the problems were with the negative reviews but I highly suspect they did not know what they were doing . I 've burned over a twety DVDs with this brand , everything from backups , picture storage to my daughters home videos . Never had a problem with a single one of them.Only reason I gave it 4 stars is that I found a cheaper brand that also has n't given me problems .
 I paid $ 30 for this same pack at Office Depot a few days ago.They work great for me . I just finished converting some family VHS tapes to my Macintosh dual G5 2.3 Ghz with a 16x CD/DVD superdrive . I popped the finished DVD in my 1-month old Sony DVD player . It also played well in my 7-year old Sony DVD player.There are n't many DVD+R DL choices out there . I had no problems with my experience .
 Bought these to test my new NEC3520A double layer burner . Popped in the disk , fired up Nero , burned 8.5 GB of data , with out a problem . I 've taken the disk to several other WinXP systems and they all read the data with out a problem .
 I have to say that I have n't had a problem with these blank dual layer dvd 's . I have had nothing but perfect burns - no coasters here.Those that have had bad burns , I 'd look into some possible things - getting the latest firmware , making sure that if you are making back-ups that the original is n't scratched or damaged , and that the lens on your burner is cleaned . With that , you should have little to no problems burning on any media.Now , reading - that can be a problem , depending on what DVD player you use . If you have a DVD player that was manufactured before October 2004 , you will probably experience more playback problems -LRB- like skipping , pausing , or just not being able to read the disc -RRB- . Before thinking that just because you burn something on your computer , it does n't automatically mean that it will work on all DVD players.Like I said , I have no problems with this product , and it is great to see them getting down in price , and hope that they contiue to go down in price a little more .
 I own a Dell Inspiron Labtop with NEC-ND6500A Dual Layer Drive.When I first put these discs in , the drive would not recognize them . After some research , I learned that Dual layer media is extremely picky about the drive 's firmware . I went to the Dell Website and found the right firmware . After installing the latest firmware , the discs were now recognized by my drive.As far as the burning goes , I was able to get 3 perfect backups.If the prices were the same , I would go with Verbatim as well , but given that they are much cheaper , I am going to stick with these Memorex discs .
 My DVD burner is a BenQ and I use Nero 6 . Every dual-layer DVD has burned perfectly . I think the review by `` A. Clark - ` Great Dual Layer DVDs ' '' says what needs to be said .
 If you need to store more data than what a standard blank DVD media can handle then this is the one for you . They 're reliable . No read and write errors . No problems so far .
 Not a bad product for the price , but can be difficult to get set up without all the right stuff . I bought it to use with a Nikon D5000 . Initial problem was I could n't get it focused with either the 18-55 or the 55-200 lens . The extension tube needs to be just a bit longer . Fortunately , a +2 close-up adapter between the lens and the copier did the trick . The 3-slide holder is tight and difficult to use with older , paper slide mounts . It would have been more efficient to just eliminate that part altogether and drop single slides in from the top . Everything seems to fit too tightly for easy use , but I guess that would loosen up over time . All-in-all it does a good job for the price once you get past the considerable setup curve . Comes with no instructions - you have figure it out yourself .
 Very Important
 I looked around at many options to digitize my family 's old slides , and I came across this product . Most all reviews said this was a great alternative to other higher priced units , and I could not agree more . USING YOUR OWN HIGH QUALITY CAMERA WILL GIVE YOU MUCH BETTER RESULTS THAN STAND ALONE CONVERSION UNITS!If you are looking at this product right now , just get it , you will not be disappointed .
 It takes a bit of experimentation to get the images to be `` vignette free '' , but overall this is a nice low tech / high tech solution . Contrary to the technical details description , this product is made in China , not Japan .
 SLIDE COPIER FOR NIKON D70 D100 D2H D1H D1X SLR HIDEFExcellent product . Works like a charm . Order handled expeditiously and correctly .
 This item was as discribed and the shipping was very fast . The slide copier works much better then my scanner .
 Very good and cheapI had to backup about 6000 Slides and this is a very good way of doing it.Easy to use and you have to put it in the lens , I have a 50 mm and I had no problem in doing it.Nice and cheap .
 This item is a great help in copying old slides . I had slides I no longer viewed because of the difficulty . Now I can view them on the computer and TV .
 This product is great . I received it from 47th Street photo in a few days . I have a dedicated slide scanner -LRB- Minolta DiMage Scan Dual 4 -RRB- . The Minolta works great but would have taken ages since I have a few thousand images to scan . I used the Opteka with a Nikon D70 -LRB- I did n't want to wear down the shutter on my D300 -RRB- and a 50mm 1.8 prime lens . The filter thread size on this lens is 52mm like the Opteka . At f9 it works great . It works best with daylight , but do not point it directly towards a bright sun because the image will look very grainy . Possibly due to the matte translucent backing on the unit . The image fills about 70 % of the screen . I ordered a 62-52mm stepdown ring to use it with my 60mm 2.8 Nikor Macro , it did a better job of filling the screen and picture quality was a little sharper . I 'm pretty happy with the speed that I 'm able to do this and the color is great . NEF should give you even more control of the results .
 I have a large collection of slides staring 1963 , and now that I am retired , I would like to disseminate some of the memories -LRB- and shame a few of my siblings ... -RRB- But when I saw the prices of slide scanners , and tried on my flat scanner , beurk ! I almost gave up , but bumped on a paper about a slide copier . I am using a Nikon D40 with the Opteka , and so far I am very satisfied of the results I got from the money I spent . I may eventually buy an adapter to help me use my 18-55 Nikon lens without having to crop the initial image.Words of advice : - Level the slide holder and the camera on the same plane , so you do not have to rotate the image . It is tricky on occasion , but easy except on some photos -LRB- when the D40 refuses to focus -RRB- . Both are on a shelf facing the south window -LRB- I live in Kuwait and the sun is enough -RRB- . - Vertical slides are better shot horizontally -LRB- more surface without distortion -RRB- , then rotated later after you cropped them.All images as as good as the originals , meaning if the slide is slightly out of focus , or under or over-exposed , tough luck.Good luck
 The Opteka slide copier -LRB- digital duplicator -RRB- is a useful piece of equipment at a reasonable price . Have only started to use it , but it seems to perform the function for which it is intended without any problem . I am using it with a Nikon D40 camera with 18mm to 55mm lens . i use the daylight sky -LRB- through a window -RRB- as a light source and have had good results.If you are looking to convert a lot of color slides to digital , this is a simple and inexpensive way to go .
 Using my Nikon D40 I found that it takes a few try 's to find the best settings to copy slides . Then you still have to crop the image . But it 's a labor of love and the photos are coming out great . Best for the money .
 The only reason I do n't give five stars to this product is that it should include the option on purchase of picking out the ring size you need for your lens . Or the right step up or step down rings.As it is now , I had to get a separate set of step down rings to be able to use it .
 This item worked very well with a Nikon d40 . We were able to digitize a bunch of old slides and ran into very few problems . Pictures were sharp and clear , just make sure you have a very strong light to use behind it -LRB- table lamps do n't work very well . -RRB- It 's a little cheap-looking and feeling , but other than that it gets the job done .
 Nice ! I was looking for an inexpensive way to copy some slides and I found this . I did not want to buy a slide scanner as this was going to be a one time job and I just purchased a scanner . This is perfect ! I have hundreds of slides to do and although this will be much more time consuming then a scanner , I love taking photos , and I 've got time ! The color is stunning and the picture quality is great -LRB- depending on the quality of the origional -RRB- A professional wanted to charge me a dollar a slide . If you have the time , then this is the way to go .
 The Opteka HD2 slide copier is just what I needed to QUICKLY get my slides into my photo program . Resulting images look great on the computer and TV .
 I really liked this a lot . It was super fast and fine quality for what I wanted to do with the pictures , which was share them with family and friends on my website . If I was planning to make posters , no . Plus , you can take the end off and make weird little macros .
 I bought this unit because I was sick of the electronic slide scanner where the software is useless and you lose the colors to the slide upon scanning . The instructions , which were a small piece of note paper with even smaller writing on it , was pretty much useless . The unit came with an adapter ring for larger lenses -LRB- 67mm I think -RRB- but the unit already had a 52mm thread on it which you kind of figure out . You have to unscrew the end cap to expose the 52mm thread and attach to your camera . For me the camera is a Nikon D5000 DSLR , the slide rack is a tight fit , for some reason you have a pin to pull up so it can the rack can slide along , but with a tight fit the pin is a nuiscance . Below is another pin that you are meant to screw in to keep the end from revolving round . the reason for the end moving is when you focus your lens the unit will rotate making the slide anything but horizontal , so when you have it focused you are meant to lock the end into position . Problem is the screw is tiny and there is not enough room to get a hold of it with your fingers , bad thinking here they should have put a longer screw in for this purpose . For these small problems of design flaw I have made this a 4 star rating . positive is the unit works , I can see the slide easily , they recommend using an aperture of F8 - F11 and keeping your camera on manual focus , I can understand that but some people may not then wonder why each time they get it set up the lens rotates and messes up the slide alignment . I have only had this unit for one day so its still a learning curve and will update if I find anymore facts about it but it does what it says on the box . Oh as a thought think I will link my camera to the television to see the picture and focus that way , makes it a lot easier that keep looking through the viewfinder or using the small screen on the camera.UPDATE ... yes linking your camera to a television screen -LRB- if you have this capability -RRB- does help a great deal . Plastic slide mounts are to thick for the slide holder , as for thick cardboard mounts release some of the small screws just slightly on the mount holder this helps a lot . Yes you have to crop and adjust the pictures taken slightly for color differences but the results are a lot better than the slide scanners you buy from costco or kohls , I know I have tried and the software for them is useless . It works with this on the camera but it does take time be prepared to be patient .
 I was very pleased with the quality of the image . Better then anything that I have tried so far .
 Just as the film copying system previously rated , this too was purchased to record priceless slide film assemblies prior to the Digital Camera era . Was time consuming but worked to archive those precious memories .
 I bought + resold a dedicated slide/negative digitizer as I found the software difficult to use . This small-ish adapter allows me to use my Nikon camera and my standard process to edit the results . It works as delivered for slides - some barrel distortion due to the included close-up lens , but easy to correct while doing fade/light/etc corrections . When used with my standard 50mm prime lens -LRB- threads fit without adaptors -RRB- , I found it best to use a small aperture in order for the focus to work on possibly-warped slides . This meant that the shutter speed went from a few seconds in good inside lighting -LRB- needed more color correction -RRB- to 1/30 with outside daylight typically -LRB- more/less for darker/lighter slides -RRB- . Slow shutter speed was not a problem as nothing moves relatively during each shot unless you are careless!I was able to dismantle the slide tray and , using a sharp knife , shave some plastic from one half -LRB- and chamfer some edges on the other half -RRB- to allow inserting a strip of negatives . While fiddly , and not perfect , I did shoot 1000 + negatives this way and then did color inversion and correction in my editing software - dust/dirt is a problem -LRB- use cotton gloves -RRB- but that is no different for any other converter . Plus , the mod does not affect its use with slides.There are some weakness with the design -LRB- alignment always need correction - different for each slide as the tray 's weight changes the angle - again correctable when editing -RRB- . The spring-loaded indent system does not stay adjusted for long . The opening shape only fits 35mm slides - older 127 slide -LRB- or larger -RRB- only show a portion - the 127 's can be fully used if you file a small U shape from top/bottom of the opening , but that does cause a bit more handling problems if you also do the negative &#34; mod &#34; . With my standard 50mm lens , I get about 75 % of the frame used in each direction -LRB- about 50 % of the total pixels -RRB- . So , a 12mb picture will be about 6mb . If you use a macro and conversion rings , you can do better . But , my old slides had enough grain/noise that 6mb seemed reasonable.But , I have used it a lot and it still works the same . It 's price seems a little high for what it is , but it is 30 % of the cheapest decent dedicated slide digitizer . The tube assembly is all metal/glass , and the slide tray is plastic -LRB- 8 screws holding 2 halves together -RRB- . And it does not take up any more computer desk space or USB ports !
 I was looking for an economical way to convert my old slides to digital images . This product obviously is low cost and works on a very simple concept of simply photographing your slides with your camera instead of using a scanner.Once you set it up and get a routine going , you can get things done in a reasonable amount of time . I set up my camera with a tripod and use a small portable light box as a constant light source . It works pretty well.The thing I like is that I can look at the images as I go and make exposure adjustments on the fly which I only do about 20 % of the time . Of course you can do this in your computer afterward , but as with any photo image , you want to be as on target as possible in the camera for best results . Well exposed images generally do n't need adjustments.You need a 100mm lens or zoom with that to get maximum image size . However if you only have a standard lens , it will still work perfectly fine but with a smaller image resulting . You do have to crop and sometime straighten the images afterward , but any basic photo program will handle that along with any image tweaking to your preferences.This copier comes with a 67-52mm step down adapter to attach the slide copier for lenses that are n't 52mm filter size . My 18-200mm Nikkor lens has a 72mm filter size which needs a 72-52mm adapter . They are available at low cost from any camera store -LRB- but probably a special order -RRB- . Overall , I am very happy with this low tech slide copy solution .
 This product was perfect for putting my old slides on my computer . Having a short tripod to stabilize the camera was very helpful as well . I simply dropped a slide in , snapped the picture and removed the slide . How easy ! And for such a small price ! Well worth it .
 After unsuccessfully attempting to transfer my slides using different methods -LRB- video capture from two slide projectors with and without matte screen and mirror device -RRB- , I decided to give this option a try.If you follow the sketchy instructions in the package , you are not likely to get very good results . But after some experimentation I managed to get some respectable results . According to instructions , you can simply aim the copier against ambient light and rely on your DSLR 's auto white balance mode . The white balance will be off for many slides if you follow this guidance . I obtained the best results by aiming the copier at a neutral white lamp 's bulb and using the DSLR 's external speedlight simultaneously while experimenting with the camera 's white balance modes . Of course , if you are copying old faded or discolored slides you would also need to make subsequent color and contrast adjustments with a photo editing software.The slide holder itself works well enough but tends to be a bit too tight for most slides . In fact , it tends to apply enough pressure on the slides to affect the flatness of the slide cell . This will result in a different required focal length between the center and edges of the slide . So the center or edge 's focus may suffer.For the price , though , I ca n't complain .
 For the money , you ca n't beat the Opteka slide copier . It worked as advertised . I copied several slides made back in the 1960 's from a 110 film camera . While the slide frames fit in the copier , the opening was n't large enough to get the entire image top to bottom . If the detail I wanted was on the very top of the slide , I inserted it into the copier upside down and vise versa . However , slides produced from 35mm film fit perfectly . I used a Nikon 35-105 macro lens in macro mode on a Nikon D3 . Had to manually focus , but it worked fine . I only used that lens because it was the only lens with 52mm filter size . Bottom line , for the money this did the job . It was much quicker than a slide scanner .
 Straightforward , cheap and efficient solution for digitizing slides . I am using it with the 67mm adapter ring -LRB- the adapter came with my order at 47 st store , than you ! -RRB- on a D90 in front of a 60W bulb , corrected in Photoshop . I do n't know how a dedicated slide copier would compare but this IS a great solution when you can take them into an image editor of some kind . Very happy with it .
 I ordered the Slide Copier to digitize some family slides for a friend and I thought at the time of the purchase that if it did n't work that well that I would n't be out much money . I was really surprised . The copier could n't be easier to use . You just screw it onto the end of a lens -LRB- using one of the rings that are included -RRB- . I used the Nikon 18-135mm lens . You put the slide holder into the end and insert a couple of slides . I used a tripod with a lamp -LRB- or the window -RRB- at the end of the copier for the light source that is needed to see the slide through the viewfinder of the camera . You adjust the exposure and WB on the camera and the zoom on the copier . I took pictures of 3 slide carousels in one day . I used the Nikon Camera Control program to see the captured image immediately on my computer.If you want to digitize old -LRB- or new -RRB- slides , this is a simple , inexpensive and remarkable little gadget . For anybody who has slides , why drag out the projector ? Just take pictures of them and view them on your monitor as a slideshow or print out the pictures . This is a very good idea for gift giving to any photographer who has ever used slide film .
 I 'm getting very good results with the Opteka HD2 slide copier . I 've got a few thousand mounted color slides I want scanned , taken mostly by my father in the 50 's and 60 's . I 've been working on this project for a few years off and on , but it is very time consuming . I 've been using a Canon MP980 flatbed scanner/printer at 4000dpi and felt the images came out ok , but to get the best results from it scanning time was more than 4 minutes per slide . Only being able to do 4 slides at a time made this hugely time intensive.A few months ago I came across the ImageBox 9MP at Costco.com that snaps pictures of the slides instead of scanning them , as such it takes seconds to do each slide . The results , however , were muddy pictures with very poor dynamic range . -LRB- Dark areas would just be black , light areas completely washed out . -RRB- The images look something like you 'd expect out of a cheap , 3MP camera from 10 years ago . The ImageBox got returned to the store.I thought why ca n't I do the same thing with my Nikon D7000 and its excellent sensor , and came across this cheap Opteka slide copier on Amazon . At its low price , I did not expect much but felt it was worth a try . After much initial experimentation , I am getting excellent results quickly and easily with this set up : - RAW images with the D7000 - 50mm , 1.8 nikkor prime lens - My LCD monitor as a light source - Auto focus and white balance , center weighted metering - Aperture priority at f11 , ISO 100As mentioned by others , the kit 55-200 lens wo n't work as it will not focus close enough . The results with the 18-55 had drab colors and were fuzzy , also the filter ring on this lens rotates when focusing , making it nearly unusable with the Opteka.I also have the 18-105 , D7000 kit lens , my Opteka shipped with an adapter to make it fit its filter size . This lens works , and at 105mm the slide image nearly fills the sensor area , but there was a lot of color fringing , the corners of the images were dark and the whole thing just not very sharp . This setup worked , the results just are n't very satisfying.Using the cheap , but excellent 50mm prime , I end up having to crop away about 30 % of the final image to get rid of the black boarder , but the resulting image is still a very respectable 11 megapixels . More importantly , the images are sharp right down to the pixel level -LRB- if the original was sharp -RRB- and the colors are excellent . The corners are a bit soft if you look closely but the lighting is even and there is very little distortion.When I bought this , I did not realize you could detach the barrel and use the remaining `` macro '' lens to take close up pictures when screwed to the end of any lens with a 52mm filter size . I happened to see Opteka 's 10x Macro HD2 -LRB- also a filter thread , screw on attachment for a regular lens and also cheap -RRB- and ordered it as well just for fun . -LRB- I 'd love a real macro lens . -RRB- I just tried this on the slide copier instead of the one it came with and now my slide images fill a bit more of the camera 's sensor and the corners that came out slightly soft before are now sharp.About the lighting , I 've tried a number of light sources throughout my home , including daylight , but nothing works as well and is as even as using the white background on my computer LCD monitor . I get the most consistently good results using auto white balance.The slide carrier that comes with the copier is definitely its weakest link . I do not have to use pliers like someone else said to remove slides , but they are tight . Sliding the carrier through the lens attachment was even tighter , and little plastic scrapings would come off and sometimes get on the slides or frosted glass and show up in the final pictures . After using this on 50-100 slides it loosened up and now is quite usable.Using Lightroom 3 I can quickly crop and straighten , if needed , a large number of my raw files.Again , my photos with this setup are coming out way better than anything else I 've tried , and I bet they are a better than you 'd get from most of the bulk slide copying services you can find out there . I 'm sure professional services are capable of giving you excellent digital slide copies but at a price too high for most to justify for more than a few images at a time . Dedicated slide scanners that do at least as good a job are pricy , and WAY slower.Given all this , I 'm giving this copier 5 stars in spite of its shortcomings , especially taking into consideration its price . I 'd post a couple samples here but Amazon does not show high enough resolution customer images to make it worthwhile . I may finally be able to get this project done without making it my lifetime 's work .
 There is some assembly and experimentation required
 I have found the Slider Copier a wonderful tool for archiving the family slider collection . It is easy to use and the picture turn out pretty darn good with my Nikon D80 . It says to use a light but I recommend shooting out a window with natural light , you get better quality that way ... in my humble opinion .
 I am a dentist and I am using this devices and expert with it from a long time ago , I used it to dublicate my old-cases slides and X-rays for my master study , so I was happy when I used these kind of nikon slide dublicator because it is an easy and accurate dublicator and I recommend you to use it with nikon 55-200mm DX AF-S Lens because it fits directly to this lens without the need of the adapting rings also if you feel the duplicated Pictures dark or if the original picture is dark then I recoomend you to make duplication while the duplicator ` s Screen is very close to the light source -LRB- or to the window if you capture in daylight witch is better -RRB- in order to capture a perfect image and for easy focusing also I recommend you to set the camera to capture JPEG+R aw picture format because with Raw picture format you can adjust the contrast , opacity , brightness and the saturation of the pictures in order to acheive better result and do n`t worry if your adobe photoshop Cs2 could n`t open the Raw format , all what you should do is download the Camera Raw Plug-in that is compatable with your camera -LRB- for example my nikon D40 Plug-in is Camera Raw 3.7 , also work with D70s , for D50 Camera Raw 3.2 , for Nikon D80 Camera Raw 3,6 , and so on -RRB- you can search for the Camera Raw Plug-in that ` s compatable with your camera at adobe.com web-site , and believe me you will be astonished from the final result by adobe photoshop in your pictures.I recommend You to bye this product from amazon.com because they give you an A-Z guirantee , I bought mine from 47th Street Photo through amazon.com and I recieve it from this seller with manifacture damage of the ring that connect the duplicator tube to it ` s screen lens and the seller never respond to my e-mails but immediatly after I contact amazon.com they gave me the A-Z guirantee and refund my credit card
 I bought this device so that I could use my Nikon D70 with 18-70mm f3.5-4 .5 lens . The kit states , correctly , that it will fit this combination and includes the necessary adapter ring . What Opteka do not point out is that the large diameter mismatch between the camera lens and the copier means that , if the zoom is set to make the slide fill the sensor , the edges are badly distorted . Zooming out to around 50mm solves this problem but means that only about 70 % of the sensor is used , with consequent loss of resolution . Attaching it to a lens with a smaller frontal diamter will ease the problem , so the lens supplied with the D50 and D40 cameras will be more suitable.It takes a bit of experimentation to get good bright results but the potential is there .
 I do n't normally write reviews , but one day with the Opteka Slide Copier , and I ca n't help but want to share about how wonderful it is!I was initially skeptical of something so inexpensive , but for $ 30 , I decided to take a chance . After some brief experimentation , I was able to get the slide copier to work well , and produce fantastic results . If you have , or plan to get an SLR camera , this is a cheaper , faster alternative to a dedicated slide scanner , and , depending on your camera , can produce comparable results.I use a Nikon D40 with a 55mm lens , and have shot most slides , so far , with the auto setting . -LRB- A few slides may require manual settings for better results . -RRB- With some simple , cropping , straightening , and dust removal in Photoshop , I got copies of slides to be able to produce good , sharp , 4x6 prints from . A better camera and lens would have produced better results . *** One important tip , a white computer screen makes a great backlight!If I were to give any downside to the Opteka Copier , I would say that the holder for the slides is a little snug , and the adjustment for straightening the slides is a little loose . I 'd just call these inconveniences though , not major issues . I would HIGHLY recommend it ! - Eric
 There are a lot of different ways to convert slides into images . And almost all of the cheap ones are flawed in one way or another . We initially used a a $ 100 scanner . It worked OK , but the software was atrocious . There was no way to adjust the exposure , and the highlights kept getting blown out.We settled on the Opteka because it lets us use our D90 's hardware to get all the details right . My only frustration is that you need to have a lens with a 52mm thread in order to attach it . Most of the Nikon Kit Zooms are 52mm , so you probably already have one . My 18-200 zoom was to big to attach . You will want to be able to zoom past 55mm or else you will need to crop the edges of the image.The other gotcha is that you need good lighting in order to get sharp images . If you are making your copies at night , I found the best way is to point it at a mirror and use your camera 's flash -LRB- or better yet one of Nikon 's add on flashes -RRB- . If you already have a Nikon digital camera -LRB- DX -RRB- and the right lens , this approach will let you get superior results at a low price . Better still , you can use the software you already know and enjoy which is a huge benefit if you are doing a lot of slides .
 I 'm very pleased with the results of this slide copier.It let 's me digitize my slides quickly using my camera -LRB- using a scanner is a little too tedious for this job -RRB- . Also , using auto-exposure on the camera the resulting image is almost always perfect
 Perfect little camera for fun and to share pictures on yhe web !
 After reading the previous review I hesitated to purchase this radio . I liked how compact it was and the digital tuning but was worried about reception . The main radio station I listen to is nearby with a strong signal so I gambled and bought this radio . I am very happy with it and reception is great everywhere I 've used it . I agree with the previous reviewer that reception might be a conern if it is already marginal with your current radio . I was also worried that it might not stay secured on my head but it works very well and does n't bother me at all while running . I have owned nearly every Sony Walkman radio and have quite a collection - this one will definately see a lot of use .
 Use in in the Gym while on the tread mill and watching TV . Changing channels by just pressing a button is great . Recieved product in a timely manner .
 this unit woked good . i used it for working in the yard . I have a small to medium head and the unit stayed in place like i had hoped . reception isnt that great but for the price it worked well . Im going to be considering the mp3 walkman in the future .
 I have two of these and am pleased with their performance.While they do n't have the reception range of Sony 's SRF HM33 , they are water resistant.I only use these at home in conjunction with an FM transmitter for my XM radio.I use these in the shower every morning.After ruining one set , I figured out that after exposing the unit to water , you MUST wipe the battery and battery compartment dry.If you do n't , the battery terminals will rust . Sometimes reading instructions is necessary :-RRB- . The operating instructions do state that the battery compartment is not sealed like the rest of the unit and wiping it dry is required .
 I bought this product to replace 2 LinkSys pieces -LRB- router and WAP -RRB- that went bad witin an week of each other . This is a fantastic piece that far out performs the previous . It is easy to setup with a web based GUI and has the WAP serves with superior range . It includes a lifetime warranty and upgradable firmware , plus , it is from 3Com ! It includes 4port switch , WAP w / WEP Security , Routing for DSL w / PPPOE or Cable . I would highly reccomend this product to any home user needing a router or looking to do a wireless network upgrade as well as any small office user needing the same .
 I purchsed the PCMCIA 3com wireless card with the x-jack antenna specifically because of the x-jack antenna only 3com makes it -LRB- 3CRSHPW196 -RRB- . Unfortunately I found that it would not work with my Linksys BEFW11S4 wireless router . I could not get the encryption to work . I contacted Linksys and 3com , both of whom said that the two are just not compatable , nice for a worldwide standard to be incompatible . Needless to say , I got the 3CRWE52196 and had it running in minutes . And the encryption worked on the first try with no problems . The unit is nice with a clean interface and small form factor . One problem - you can only set one remote management IP . It is nice that you can restrict remote management , but it is limited to one remote IP .
 Wireless LAN for the home is going mainstream , with a wide range of compatible 802.11 b WiFi products now in the marketplace there is plenty of choice and competitive pricing . 3Com are a big corporate networking player but do n't be put off by the `` Officeconnect '' tag . This product was keenly priced and met my needs for a simple home network setup sharing a broadband ADSL connection . Neat slim design , easy setup with the online wizard , good documentation , up and running within an hour or so including encryption and printer sharing . Latest drivers and firmware can be downloaded from the 3Com support website and upgraded without a hitch . The unit will work with any WiFi card in your laptop but I particularly like the associated 3Com card which has a nifty xjack retractable antenna . Wireless range also seems to be good , with strong signals on three different floors , even with concrete walls . Highly recommended .
 I bought this bag together with an extra battery for the same price a battery by itself cost at Best Buy . The bag is big enough to hold the camera and a couple other small lenses as well as accessories . It is not large enough to hold more than one big zoom , but can hold my 70-210 okay .
 Easy to set up , just plug in and go . Ports in the rear , lights in the front , an amazingly simple device . Mine has been working nonstop for a year , and it is still solid . 3COM quality is well designated in this item .
 I was looking for speakers to listen to movies on my laptop in hotel rooms when on the road . With my laptop across the room , I can barely hear the internal speakers , even though they are above average for the industry -LRB- IBM ThinkPad X60 -RRB- . I did n't want wires , batteries , power supplies , etc. , and I wanted to minimize my travel weight . I searched all over the Internet , and the JLab B-Flex speakers are clearly the most compact and lightweight available , and combined power and sound interface into a single USB.I was afraid that at their size , they would not be much louder than the built-in speakers . However , when I got the speakers and plugged them in I was pleasantly surprised . First , the bass is much richer than the built-in speakers on my laptop . However , the overall volume seemed only slightly louder than my laptop speakers . Then I realized that the first time you plug in the JLab speakers , when the drivers are installed it adjusts your volume setting to 50 % . When I set the volume back to 100 % in the Windows Volume Control setting , the speakers were much more powerful -LRB- around 50 % more -RRB- than the built-in speakers.Even so , you would probably have trouble hearing them in a loud environment , but if you 're looking for that extra boost without increasing your travel weight or carrying around lots of cables/power adapters , these speakers are perfect .
 -LSB- . . -RSB- I have a Power Mac G5 with a 20 '' monitor . I need a bit more sound to listen to podcasts or a youtube videos . i plugged this into the back of the monitor , changed the sound output in the system preferences and i was good to go . not awarding winnings sound but fine for a office computer .
 I recieved a b-flex speaker as a gift not too long ago and I love it ! It does n't require a power cord , it instantly installs itself -LRB- I 'm running windows XP -RRB- , and it sounds great ! I use it with my Dell laptop and it is way better than the internal speakers . It 's a clever idea and a well built device . I have n't had any problems with it at all and I highly recommend it ! I just bought the JLab J-Buds as well for my iPod .
 Contrary to the first review below , these speakers have very good volume , particularly considering their size . The high frequencies and mid frequencies sound very acceptable for a laptop speaker , and they 're very compact and easy to carry if you 're traveling.There 's not a huge amount of bass , but for listening to music or news while working on your computer , they 're absolutely wonderful . And being able to plug them in via USB is just fabulous - no wires , no mess.The sound card died on my desktop , so these fit my needs perfectly . Just plug them in to a USB port , let Windows XP recognize and install them , and you 're done.If you want a booming home stereo sound system , find something else . But for travel , or for light listening , these are just perfect .
 I have a Mac G4 powerbook . The sound is so weak that it gets drown out if there are people talking in the same room . The JLab speaker provided about three times the volume of the original speakers and while there is not really any bass to mention , the sound is well balanced and not tinny or thin sounding . Very portable and smaller than I expected .
 I just purchased an Hp notebook and needed a little volume boost . This product provided that at a good value . Its not earth-shaking sound , but for the basics that I am using it for -LRB- a movie and a game here or there -RRB- it is great.Ease of use was another positive . Plugged it in , recognized the product right away and sound was instantly improved.Last great thing was J & R music world shipping . Easy , and received the product 1 day after ordering basic shipping
 I read the current 12 reviews and after I ordered this I started looking at other usb speakers and regretted that I did n't try another , but I had already placed my order.Well , OH MY GOODNESS ! Thank God I can finally hear ! I 've given the product 5 stars because for the price and size I did n't expect it to have bass boost or surround sound . I have a Toshiba Satellite laptop and the sound is somewhat pathetic . Until this evening , the sound volume is not good AND today I wanted a friend to hear 2 songs that I recentally found and love , but I had to hold the laptop up about 6-10 inches from me her face so we could hear `` The Fields of Athenry '' and `` I 'll Me Ma '' - Irish folk songs . The speaker -LRB- s -RRB- were on my porch when I got home at 5pm . I immediately hooked it up and put those 2 songs on and ... previously I had every single volume control turned up , you know the one for the computer and the one for itunes and the one for youtube and I 've got this thing -LRB- the JBL speaker -RRB- in and I 've actually had to turn down the internal volume on my computer and was able to turn down my itunes volume.Previous to this I had bought $ 40 -- $ 50 speaker systems for my laptop -LRB- one for my bedroom and one for my upstairs room when I 'm up there with it -RRB- and of course that was GREAT , but the audio output jack is in a bad place -LRB- under my right wrist -RRB- and so I did n't even know I was resting my wrist on the input jack causing it to start coming loose inside . Eventually -LRB- within 3 months -RRB- my output jack does n't even work anymore . So it was take it to somewhere locally , which I still may do , but of course , I have no idea how much it will cost for them to open up my laptop guts and realign/fix my audio jack . This speaker is the next best solution.THANK GOD ! I AM HAPPY . You can quote me !
 Excellent sound - cable keeps position of speaker where you want it - good item , good price
 After buying an HP desktop with a LightScribe technology drive I bought a pack ofMemorex 10PK CDR 80 SLIM LIGHTSCRIBE -LRB- 32024731 -RRB- to use for burning music CD 's . First , no ` dud ' or failed CD burns from Memorex . The whole pack burned flawlessly.Second , the LightScribe images looked great ! I used the software installed on the HP machine to burn to the Memorex LightScribe CDRs without errors in burning or tweaks in the image . Output was perfect both for the music and the picture.While the price on the LightScribe CDRs is slightly higher than other CD 's the ability to directly label the CDs with text , graphics and photos is worth it to me . Lots of ooooohhhhh 's and ahhhhhhh 's from friends too !
 the pack is used for occasionally burning data files from my pc . It does what it sais ... the quality of the lightscribe is really good . You can READ the printed text even if is pretty small ...
 These work perfectly to hold my high resolution images and are a good value with the slim jewel cases included . The cases are sturdy , close and open easily . I 've used one entire package with no duds , only perfect burns .
 if you buy this product from amazon will come in clear jewel cases not in black jewel cases . . see the photos .
 Works just as described . If you know Photoshop , you can design your own CDs instead of just using the packed-in software . Burn speed depends on the speed of your drive , it took 18 minutes for the Lightscribe to burn each image .
 I use this pouch as a cover for my Kirk ball head . It keeps it clean , stays in place and protects it from getting dinged up . The quality is first rate .
 I purchased a larger ball head for use with some of my heavier lenses . I did not want to have to always put the tripod away in a case when I was between shots , and maybe traveling from one location to another . This &#34; snoot boot &#34; is the ideal solution to this problem . I can put the snoot boot on , place the tripod in the back of my small camper , and drive away . I do not worry about damage , major dirt , etc between locations . This is a really simple and handy solution to the problem .
 The Asante Friendlynet FS5008 is a good solid 10/100 switch . I have been using Asante products -LRB- firewall/router and switches -RRB- for several years without ANY problems whatsoever . They work great , look cool , and are very reliable . The demand for these switches must be high since the retailers do n't seem to have them in stock .
 The is a cool running switch . With great through put . Replace a router I was using as a switch . My file transfer speed is much better . My media server works much better now too . Cant go wrong with this one . 10/100 full duplex all ports and auto uplink .
 This product MUST be given some credit ! Considering the quality of Xerox printers , ink , and especially their customer service , not to mention the affordabilty of it all -LRB- c'mon people , it 's not like these cartridges cost hundreds of dollars ! -RRB- , I am rather pleased . I do n't understand the fuss when we purchased our printers , admittedly `` cheap , '' and are now complaining about ordering the ink for them . I would suggest a few things for all those folks who are grossly displeased with a product I have been quite content with . First , contact the store where you purchased the printer and inquire about getting ink from there . Then when you order -LRB- or when you get it online -RRB- get enough to hold you over for long enough so you are n't delayed in any of your printing projects . It is always an option to contact Xerox directly , which I have done , and have been VERY satisfied.Also , I highly recommend that you cut down on how much ink your printer uses at one time . Believe it or not , reducing your print quality to `` draft copy '' makes very little difference with a newer Xerox ink cartridge . I find the print quality under any circumstance to be good . I have been and expect to continue to be a satisfied Xerox customer , despite some minor `` inconveniences '' encountered along the way . In comparison to some other ink cartridges that are readily available in every store , I would rather save BIG with a product that I enjoy and a company with a great reputation and customer service to match .
 The TuffWrap sometimes slips and allows the Nano to slide out . The plastic protective screen cover is a separate piece that sometimes falls out . With that being said , it is good , yet inexpensive protection for scratching , etc. .
 If you are n't looking for something fancy that pivots or extends but mounts your TV as close to the wall as possible this is the one for you . It comes with a good array of hardware for some securing options whatever the material of your walls . I was able to hang our TV in about 15 minutes -LRB- not including the work of running cords and wires through the walls . -RRB-
 Very nice , sturdy mount . I was looking for one would mount the tv as close to the wall as possible and this was perfect .
 Another seller could not get the product after I paid for it , but this seller shipped it the same day . And instead of a zinc plated mount , I got it in black . I could not be more pleased with this transaction .
 Put this in a 2000 cougar and i must say for the price there is nothing wrong with it . I can see where people think you have to do cutting and stuff to get it in but really the stereo gets put in first and then the face goes over it . For the Money i do n't see anything wrong with this product other than the mounting bracket in the back could be made out of metal or made a bit more sturdy somehow . Fits perfectly otherwise
 My boyfriend installed this into my 2004 Ford Focus this weekend with a radio I bought and it fits perfectly ! We were a little confused at first how it goes in but figured it out . Unlike others , you have to put the radio fully in first and this snaps on after and holds the radio up . Also , love having a little shelf in under my radio now to hold my iPod .
 I chose this over other options because it clearly showed that it came with the rear brace for the stereo . With everything I read on line and how the new stereo looked sitting in the large gaping hole in my 2004 Focus , I did n't expect it to turn out looking so good . Other than a small problem with my big hands and trying to reattach the antenna wire after inserting half way , the installation of the face plate went smoothly and the finished look was fantastic . I really like the added storage as well .
 I see from the other reviews that this supposedly will not fit . I purchased this installation kit for a 99 Mercury Cougar and it fits perfectly . It is not heavy duty by any means but it holds my radio and has a handy storage area underneath . My only complaint is that the storage area is too deep , phones and any small items will slide all the way to the back and are hard to reach but that can be easily fixed . Overall for this price I believe it 's worth purchasing .
 I used this to install a single-din stereo into a 2001 Ford Focus and it worked perfectly . I did n't use the extra little bracket that 's supposed to go on the back of the aftermarket stereo because I could n't figure out how it was supposed to fit onto it , but it did n't seem to matter -- the stereo fit nicely and does n't slide around or anything . This makes the stereo look like it really belongs in the car . Also , I 'd never installed an aftermarket stereo before , and I was able to figure this out pretty easily .
 I read some reviews of this item saying it was a worthless piece of plastic , but I must say it worked perfectly in my 2003 Ford Focus , and it also fits my '98 Ford Econoline . The stereo has to be installed first and then this snaps over to fill the hole and trim out the unit . The rear support bracket did n't work with my unit but it was not needed anyway .
 I use this for my 2000 ford focus SE and this is perfect . It fit right in and looks great.Update !!! Although this fits my car great , my new JVC with bluetooth built in does n't sit in all the way I will have to modify it just a little.Hope this helps you all .
 This is a great little camera . Despite the other reviewers ' comments , I never had any issues with it . It 's so small and stylish , and it takes great shots , even in motion . The zoom is n't fantastic , but there 's some pretty neat visual options including black & white , sepia and a really funky filter called sunburst . My DC-T23 was stolen and I replaced it with a Olympus D-425 ; the latter was $ 100 more and is totally inferior in quality , despite the higher megapixels . I 'm trying to buy another Gateway DC-T23 online ... wish me luck !
 + Pros : + Ease of Installation + Crystal clear picture resolution + Playstation 3 self-diagnoses to maximize graphic display - Cons : - I should have bought this online , it would 've been cheaper!Even with a review as positive as this one , I feel like I 'm underselling the excellence of Rocketfish products.Upon getting an HDTV , I wanted nothing but top-of-the-line connectors for my video game systems . This one was pricey , but it specifically said it was for the Playstaton 3 right on the box , so I figured I 'd give it a shot.After I connected the cable to the Playstation 3 's HDMI output and the television 's HDMI input , I powered up the system ... and I was completely in awe . The startup screen was absolutely crystal clear , the color was perfectly balanced , and the sound was flawless ! Once I started playing games likeFallout 3andNinja Gaiden Sigmain the glorious resolution of 1080p , I knew I had made a wise purchase.If you have a Playstation 3 or a Wii and you 're looking for the best picture on your HD television , there is no reason to look any farther than Rocketfish cables.Happy Gaming !
 Here is my review on these inexpensive headphones after one 3 hour flight : ADVANTAGES : - Quality build and good materials - Very comfortable over the ear design with large earcups . I 'm sure you can use them for 10 + hours without pain , since there is no pressure on the ears . - Lightweight - Folds to a compact size and stores in an included leatherette bag - Sound quality seems good although I 'm not an audiophile to make a good judgement on this - Only little hissing when noise cancellation is on -LRB- the Bose do n't have any hissing by the way -RRB- - Headphones even work without noise cancellation in passive mode -LRB- some other brands do n't -RRB- DISADVANTAGES : - Noise cancellation is not very good . It does drown out very low frequencies on the airplane but you can still hear the jet engines and everything else . I tried the Bose QC2 and QC3 on a trip and their noise cancellation works much better . When you activate the Bose noise cancellation you get this numbing sensation and everything is calm and quiet . With these there is only a slight change in the noise , but enough of a change to make the engine noise less annoying . - Since the noise cancellation is n't very good and they hiss , they 're not something to use in the office to drown out background noise -LRB- again , the Bose are very good for that -RRB- . So overall I 'm pleased , mainly because of the comfort and low price -LRB- you can get 10 of these for one Bose ! -RRB- . I tried several other brands and returned them because they were either uncomfortable , had ineffective noise cancellation or were too expensive .
 I have been looking for comfortable headphones for when I travel . I want to be able to listen to my iPod and maybe the movie in the airplane and have things quiet so that I could sleep on the plane -LRB- I always use earplugs -RRB- . I have done alot of research and really wanted something like Bose but I ca n't justify spending that much money on something I will use probably only 1-5 times a year when I fly . So when I saw these headphones on sale at my local retailer , I took a chance -LRB- they were on sale for $ 32.00 -RRB- . I have not taken them on a trip yet but without listening to any music , I put the headphones on while my husband was watching TV at a normal sound level . It made things quieter but I could still hear the program and understand what was being said . When I turn on the noise cancellation feature , I could still hear the TV but it was difficult to understand what was being said and there was absolutely no hissing sound . When I played some music , I could no longer hear the TV or my husband trying to speak to me . I imagine though a loud sound like airplane engines might still come through a bit . If you really want to block out ALL outside noise then you will likely be disappointed in these . Personally , I do n't mind being hear alittle outside sounds for safety 's sake.These headphones are comfortable and that is very very important to me . My ears get ichy and hot if they are covered and pressed down for more than 15 minutes -LRB- like some circular foam padded type of headphones -RRB- and ear buds fall out of my ears and end up causing me pain because I keep trying to push them in far enough that they will stay . But like one other person mentions here , there is no padding between the top of your head and the band on these . That would be nicer I think but for me , it was ok when I just moved the band forward or more back to get it in a more comfortable spot . They are a little stiff and just ever so slightly tight on me , but I do have a wider head than some I think . They are brand new as well so maybe they will start to give alittle after being used some , in which case they will be perfect for me as far as fit.The sound is real nice , better than my Sony earbuds that were $ 50.00 . I think , for the money , these are great . I 'm sure I could have paid more for some others and not been as satisfied as I am with these . If I would be using them more or at work on a daily basis or if I was someone that is real picky , I would probably want to invest in Bose or something top of the line , but I am pleased with these for my intended purpose and the price paid for them .
 Good sound , with mediocre noise canceling . these headphones only last a year or two with what i put them through . I 'm on my third set and love them . and for the price you really cant beat them .
 Well , to a good extent anyway . The sound quality is not great , but what would you expect from such a cheap product . And I do n't use them on airplanes , but to listen to as I go to sleep . The noise cancellation does work , though it does make its own hum as well . It works well enough to cancel out the fans I usually have running while I sleep , though , which is good enough for me!The only drawback to them I can see is the lack of padding on top , where is rubs against your head . It does n't bother me usually , since I am laying down , but I think it would be a problem on a long flight , as it did become uncomfortable when I used them with my laptop for a while .
 I picked these up to help me catch all the dialogue while watching television . I get a lot of background chatter and noise from the neighbor next door -LRB- damn thin city walls -RRB- , and it 's just distracting . These certainly did enough to drown out their yapping so I can enjoy my shows at night without blocking important noise like my phone ringing . And let me tell you about comfort , the padding on the ear cups is great , if I had the occasion I could wear them for hours .
 My wife bought me a pair of these for my birthday last month , just before I took a business trip out of state . For all the reviews about the noise cancelling not working for plane engine noise , they certainly worked for me on the train . I had no trouble hearing my music and the audio from my portable DVD during the trip . General conversation going on was still audible enough that I knew it was going on , but total sound deprivation would be a safety hazard . They 're pretty darn comfy too .
 Getting time to yourself is one thing , finding space for some you time is even harder . So I had to make some for myself . I bought these headphones for some active noise canceling on a tight budget , not expecting complete separation from the outside world , but enough to let me focus past the constant noise from living in an urban area . I found the ear cups comfortable to wear , while the headband dug into my scalp a little -LRB- some small adjustments of position helped alleviate that problem -RRB- , and the fold-able design allows me to slip them in my bag for travel . When I feel particularly inclined to cut myself off , I can even slip some passive isolation ear buds on under the cups without a problem .
 I just bought these and I like them . I do n't have any experience with noise cancellation headphones , in an office or on airplane . Canceling sound , academically speaking , is no mean feat . Frankly , I ca n't imagine the economics of creating a pair with that technology that truly works only costing the consumer about $ 30 . Think about it , live Dolby noise reduction ? Creating inverse waves in real time to cancel out aberrations in your environment without creating an audible hiss from the internal preamp or distorting the playback of the source material ? That 's really hard ! If people want to feel like they 're listening to live music inside a sensory deprivation chamber I think they should be prepared to invest quite a bit more than what these little fellas will set you back.With that in mind I think these are quite nice . They fit all the way over my ears , not smushing my earlobes them like most padded headphones I 've tried in recent years . They also do n't feel like strapping on two soup cans like some great sounding but uncomfortable vintage headphones I 've used in years past , either . These are light weight , very foldable for storage , and sound quite nice . I 've never had a headphone experience that was as musically satisfying as listening to a nice pair of speakers in a well laid out room so I ca n't say I 'm expecting that . With these headphones I can hear good frequency response from digital sources . I mean , jeez , I 'm either listening to streaming music or 128mb sampled recordings so spending $ 400 on headphones to try to reproduce all the sounds that were sampled out or compressed away so it could be streamed to my laptop is just silly to me . If I wanted that I 'd play back the CD or vinyl record through a home stereo , layback and let the gorgeous sound wash over me.These headphones delivered what I was asking of them , something to mellow out the world around , hush the sound of my own typing and let me listen to my own music while I work on laptop and pretend I 'm alone in the world despite all the people moving around in front of me . Isolation in public , is n't that the fantasy we 're all striving for?I listened to Mingus , Brubeck , Mozart and Emmy Lou Harris to test these out . They all sound pretty good . I will say that the noise cancellation feature is a neat trick but is n't blowing me away . During my test I was as happy to let the foam surround mellow my environment as the noise cancellation does make a hiss -LRB- that I noticed after I read all the reviews about . Upside is I learned you can turn it off . Silly me , I thought the headphones would n't work without it running . -RRB- They respond nicely to some EQing in iTunes . There 's only so much you 're going to get out of a mobile phone or laptop headphone jack , and I think these headphones are up to the task . If I could try out every headphone in the world I might be in a position to say which is better than another and why , but alas , I am but one man with one wallet . I picked these , and I think they 're ok . Sound quality is one of the most personally subjective experiences I have come across . It 's like judging the light in a room . Brighter is always better . My too much is your good enough . Let your own ears be the judge . My ears think these are good enough .
 I 've had these headphones for awhile now and I really like them . I wear them when I work at home and have had them on for hours without any problem . The ear area is wide so that my ears are n't getting flattened by the foam and the foam is nice and soft on my head . I tried the noise canceling feature but I really could n't tell a difference with it on or off so I just took the battery out and have never turned it on since the initial testing . This is the reason I am not giving these headphones 5 stars . I think they are great even without the noise-canceling .
 Sharp AL-1655CSI have just purchased this Multifunction as a replacement to a 3-year old inkjet multifunction . It was 370 $ after a $ 200 mail in rebate and a $ 30 on-line coupon.Wow . What can I say ? I 've had this Sharp for only a week now and I am extremely impressed with it . I have to say , I was unsure of how it would be because the online reviews and even the Sharp site do a miserable job of telling you what its features are.I was looking for a black and white laser that could print/copy/scan . I am tired of swapping out inkjet cartridges and paying too much per copy and polluting the world with plastic in the process . The fax function is , to me , better kept to a separate machine . I decided that I do n't use color enough to warrant the expense of running a color machine - my old inkjet will now back up this Sharp and be used for the occasional color print . Further , I did n't want color laser because it strikes me that there are way too many parts -LRB- 4 toners ? -RRB- and that , in the long run , they are going to be difficult to maintain and be unreliable.So when I saw this Sharp , I was interested . At 370 , I was really interested . I had paid 350 for my multifunction inkjet , which did the job , but needed far too much babysitting.My one week review of the Sharp starts with the setup - There was a lot of packing material , so physical set up took 15 minutes - lots of tape and bits of foam to remove . For the software , if you want to USB it to your computer for all functions , it 's simple and you 'll be done with setup in a few minutes . If you want to hook it to a LAN for printing , as I did , it 's a bit more involved , and it is not particularly user friendly . That written , it 's not impossibly hard , either , and when I called Sharp on the phone , they were responsive . As it turns out , I was picking the wrong option to set up the networking , and once I figured that out -LRB- between the time I called Sharp and when they called back -RRB- , it was easy and I had all five machines printing to the Sharp in a few minutes . I would describe the installation software as directed to a network tech guy rather than a home user . Unfortunate , but perhaps correct when you consider that this machine is really a horse that can easily handle all the needs of any small office . After I got the network printing set up , I connected the USB to my machine , and installation of the software for scanning and control was simple.Printing - Fantastic . Quick start from almost completely powered down . The quality of print is high . They do n't advertise this well , but there are two paper trays , and it takes a full ream between the two - awesome ! I only use letter sized , so for me it 's nice to put a ream in and forget about it for a week.Copying - Fairly fast . The sheet feed is only 30 pages , which is , in my opinion , small . I think 50 pages would be better . The copying features are outstanding - you can two-side copy , for example . Another nice feature is that you can copy a 20 page document to make 5 copies , for example , and it will scan once and then make 5 copies , with each copy collated and physically offset about a half inch from its neighbors - Nice ! The printing feature will also , I think , allow the offset stack feature.Scanning - It took about 10 minutes to figure out the scan settings . After that , very easy . The software is solid . You open the software , click on imaging , click on new image , click on one of four presets -LRB- I use the OCR text scan setting at 300dpi -RRB- , and click scan . The scanner scans fairly quickly , and then you have an image on the screen that you can save as a TIF file . The TIF file can be easily converted to other types of files , for example , PDF , with easily obtainable , free software . Also , the TIF can be viewed and printed on any Windows machine - the viewer is built in . I do a lot of scanning , and , because the advertising was n't clear , I was n't sure that this device would work as I needed it to - I am very happy to say that it has been great - no misfeeds , and quick , good image , easy.Cost - I have n't done the math , but on the Internet the toner and drums for this unit are relatively cheap , so the per page cost of this unit is going to be very low.Summary - I love this thing - it is quick , efficient , and , best of all for me , I do not have to baby-sit it - I load a ream and I forget about the paper . The output area can hold almost a ream , so you could almost print 500 pages and not have to add paper , toner , or remove the copies . The scanning features are more than adequate if you do n't have to scan hundreds of pages a day . In short , for heavy personal use or as an exclusive unit in a small office or as an additional unit for a large office , I very highly recommend this unit - plan on a bit of time to get set up , and then , after that initial investment of time , this unit will be a horse for you - get on and ride it . I love it so far - will update as needed ...
 I have an AL-1655 and an AL-1642 . I run them hard and they work well . I refill the toner cartridges myself at about $ 12 per refill and buy new ones when they get too worn out on ebay or Amazon marketplace . We copy , scan and print thousands of pages per month . I run Windows XP -LRB- and do not want to upgrade after reading the other reviews -RRB- . I agree that Sharp support is pretty poor , although I exchanged one of the machines for a refurbished one and it worked out fine . I had a previous one of these AL series before this . When I see the problems my friends have with their `` All-in-one '' machines from HP I would not trade my Sharp machines for anything !
 I purchased the AL-1655CS almost three years ago and it has been a real workhorse . It has produced more than 11,000 prints and only jammed perhaps a dozen times . Here is what I like about the machine :1 -RRB- Wide range of reduction and enlargement .2 -RRB- Two paper trays -LRB- letter and legal -RRB- plus the bypass tray .3 -RRB- High resolution scanner .4 -RRB- Reasonably reliable document feeder .5 -RRB- 2-sided copying capability -LRB- it works -RRB- .6 -RRB- Since a difficult copy quality problem -LRB- see below -RRB- , the tech support people have been VERY competent and helpful and responded quickly.What I do n't like :1 -RRB- When the developer cartridge failed -LRB- prematurely -RRB- , the support folks told me to change the toner cartridge -LRB- more than $ 100 -RRB- and it was n't the problem . It took lots of trouble , lots of time and some expense before tech support finally sent me a new developer cartridge which solved the problem .2 -RRB- I had to bring in -LRB- at my cost -RRB- a local computer guy to set up the printer so it would work on my network -LRB- I 'm not as techie as maybe I should be -RRB- .3 -RRB- Error messages when I use the bypass tray - I still have n't figured out what I 'm doing wrong -LRB- assuming that I am -RRB- . The other reviews seem to indicate that other buyers have been quite unhappy with the performance of this multifunction . I 've been very pleased with mine .
 I ordered this item a few months ago for our church . I have n't had any complaints so far ; it does a tremendous job of running our newsletters front to back without being babysat ; a vast improvement over our previous copier.Update
 Ok I have had this for over two years and used up one toner and scaned lots of pictures . Yes it makes a little noise and you need to shop for inexpensive toner but it works so well . Two paper sizes and a feed tray for the special paper projects . You have to be careful removing copies and not bump the carage lock that is on the underside of the upper level . Biggest problem I have is with Sharp and thier lack of driver support . Picked up a new PC with no choice of OS and it had Windows 7 64 bit , Sharp dose n't make a driver for it and so far dose n't sound like they are interested . My other computer Vista 32 went out and found the drivers about two weeks after hooking it up . You can not scan over the Eithernet you must use the USB for this function other wise all software and functions worked well over the network in 32 bit .
 I spent some time trying to hunt down drivers -- the XP drivers posted at the main Sharp website and elsewhere were not functional . After a phone call , I was directed to the Canadian Sharp website -LRB- Sharp.ca -RRB- , which has functioning XP drivers -LRB- use drivers for the AL1651 -RRB- . They also have 32 and 64 bit drivers for vista and win7
 This is a great machine for our small business . We use all three functions -LRB- print , scan , copy -RRB- a lot and have had no problems in 3 months of use thus far . Be advised that there is no Fax functionality on this . Who uses fax machines anyway when you can do it all from the PC today?Great machine , was n't a problem to setup , and I think it comes with a regular toner , not a starter toner like a lot of the other products out there today .
 I bought these discs with some trepidation because the hp drive is finicky to say the least and I had already had bad results with another brand . However , they do work with the hp -- Yay!The coating on this disc which is inscribed by the lasar to label the disc is somewhat different on dvd + Rs than on recordable CDs . the CDR 's give a better , clearer picture , the recordable DVDs are fuzzier and not as rich looking.I 'm adding some scans to the customer picture gallery to show the difference.This is one of the cases where a paper label might be preferable but the latest DVD player I bought said that one should n't use paper labels as they might through the disc 's balance off .
 Just got my 3310 , wireless and so far all I can say is fantastic ! Great prints , copies , scans , etc. . With wireless it is not instant , perhaps 10-15 seconds before the printer respond but after that it is great . Color is impressive!But this rating is for the ink . Wanted to say the yellow was the first to run out . I may have made 20 color picture prints from 4X6 to 8X10 . Therefore I was a little disappointed in the number , but I do realize yellow is the most used , after black . Filling 5 different colors at over $ 10 each , makes me hope the others last a little longer !
 and are easy to load , but expensive , they get over really fast -- on the positive side , you only fill upthe colors you run out of unlike the combo cartridges which are a real rip off .
 My HP printer requires a separate cartridge for each color . That makes so much more sense than having to buy a whole new cartridge when only one color is used up while still having plenty of the other colors still in the cartridge .
 OEM Yellow HP cartridge works fine , ordered with book and got super saver free shipping . Did n't have to leave the house .
 great service , got the ink within a week of ordering it , best price I could find , we live 30 miles from the big office stores so ordering online is the way to go .
 After lugging around large bags with uncomfortable straps I decided to look for something low profile and comfortable . I settled on this bag with worries about it fitting my Canon 40D comfortably . At first I struggled with the fit , but after getting used to it , the camera fits snug even with the lens hood mounted reverse . The only potential problem is the fact that my neck strap ca n't fit in with the camera , but with a smaller SLR I think it would fit fine.The material might be the nicest part of this bag , as it stretches and repels water . It also has a pocket on the front , big enough for a usb cable and a memory card and two side pockets , perfect for extra batteries.Overall , I 'm very pleased with the bag . I also purchased an OP/Tech Neoprene case for extra protection . That fits the Canon 40D with 128MM lens Perfectly .
 Just recently purchase -LRB- few weeks -RRB- Kata Ergo-Tech Series Shutter M Ergo-Tech Holster . Holster works great with Nikon D60 and any one of 3 lenses attached -LRB- Nikkor 18-55mm , 55-200mm , or my newest lens 18-200mm -RRB- . Was afraid holster might not accomodate 18-200mm lens since it is physically a little longer and has a greater diameter than 55-200mm lens . Yet , the lens fit perfectly while attached to camera along with the neck strap tucked inside . Bag seems to be made of durable water-resistant material . Protects camera from rain and is padded . Would recommend this product to someone with similar size and shaped camera . Also contains a pocket for Memory cards , remote , etc. . A + + +
 Based on a lowsy product description and misleading picture , I thought I was buying a waist belt pouch , and it turns out to be a shoulder strap pouch . -LRB- I 've now uploaded some pictures , so others wo n't make the same mistake . -RRB- It was described as a `` snug '' holster , for a digital camera or small dSLR . After seeing complaints that the official Canon bag for my Powershot S5 IS was undersized , I thought this might be the solution was looking for a bag that would fit my new S5 together with a converter/filter/lenscap combination . Well , boy does it fit , sideways , lengthways , anyway you want to throw it in , and with ample space for your packed lunch as well.Bottom line is that you should n't buy a camera bag online unless you see someone explicitly recommending it for your camera model . You 're better off trecking down to the local store with camera in hand and seeing what fits for yourself.After all my complaints , I 'm still giving it 4 stars . IF it fits your camera , this is really not a bad bag . Nice material , lightweight , and a comfortable soft shoulder strap which spreads the weight . I 'm not convinced the material would provide enough protection for more than a casual knock , but it 's probably as good as most other soft cases .
 This backpack has high quality material , cool appearance and the bonus of iPod pocket and earbuds built in . I recommend it .
 i have owned this camera for almost 1 year and have loved the quality of my movies and pictures . -LRB- since adding more memory and batteries -RRB- i bought the rechargeable 1800 mah ni-mh batteries , along with a 128 memory card , and have no complaints now about battery life or number of photos and i must add the quality is great.it took me about 5 days to figure out the best settings for this camera , and its the little tulip icon for me.i tried auto but it works best for me on the tulip icon.my pic quality is great even inside with low lighting.i do wish it had an ac/dc connection :O -LRB- THROW THE BATTERIES AWAY THAT COMES WITH THIS CAMERA !!! and get rechargeable -LRB- 1800aa mah - ni-mhs -RRB- batteries -LRB- got mines at target -RRB- and a memory card.EASY USB hook up to my pc makes it very easy to download them to my personal pc files -LRB- this is when you will need those better batteries i suggested -RRB- . GOD bless and good luck
 The only thing I do not like about this camera is the battery lifetime . Although , I did purchase a better quality brand of rechargable batteries , and then it was fine . I took it to Europe with me , and the pictures turned out great !!! I think this camera was awesome for my first one .
 It is a question that all digital camera enthusiasts ask themselves shortly after purchasing a digital camera , but it is one that is not easily answered as there are many factors that need to be taken into consideration . This review will help to guide you to the best solution based off the characteristics and specifications of the Gateway DC-M42 4MP Digital Camera . I feel I am qualified to provide this information as I was in the memory industry for 7 years but having left the industry a year ago , I can be completely unbiased on this subject.One of the biggest factors to consider is the megapixel rating of this Gateway camera . Considering this particular camera is generally considered to be a 4MP digital camera . You can expect to store approximately 32 images on a 64MB card , 64 pictures on a 128MB flash card , 128 digital pictures on digital film of 256MB capacity , 256 pics on a 512MB picture card , 512 images on a 1GB media card , 1,024 photos on a 2GB flash card , and a monstrous 2,048 digital photos on a 4GB card . These image/picture calculations assume that you are going to utilize the full potential of your camera but wo n't shoot in RAW mode . In other words , the estimates are for shooting at the highest JPEG setting available for the Gateway DC-M42 4MP Digital Camera . Understand that they are indeed estimates and can vary based off the actual scene or subject being shot and the amount of light , color variation , detail , etc. in the photo . You can assume these numbers are accurate within 10 % . However how many images a card can hold is not the only factor you should consider before buying this all important accessory . You should also consider that you may want to use your Gateway DC-M42 4MP Digital Camera to take shots of sporting events , wildlife , or even your child 's unique expressions . These moments have a very small window of opportunity to get the shot you desire thus a flash card that has been rated by experts as being a faster card may be something to consider . In my opinion , it is always best to find a review of a flash card as it performed in your specific digital camera . Some cameras just work better with specific flash cards do to the software , firmware , buffer utilization , etc. between the camera and the flash card . Finding an answer to this question is not usually an easy task . There is , though , a superb website that not only offers flash card reviews but also has an extensive user forum that can answer this all important question for you . You may want to take a look at dpreview dot com and then do a search for the Gateway DC-M42 4MP Digital Camera in the forums area , if that does n't work just do a search on Gateway and you should be able to find someone that can help you . I am fairly certain you will have plenty of information to make an informed buying decision . You may also want to look at their detailed review of this particular camera as well if you have not yet decide on whether to purchase it.Of course one of the next factors to consider is in regards to price . Please , do not make the mistake that I have made of buying the absolute cheapest flash card . Take a look at the factors I have mentioned here before you make a purchase . Think of a flash card for your Gateway camera as an extension to it . Just as you would n't purchase the cheapest camera case for your camera -LRB- personally I own the Targus DPMV02 Pro Series Video/Photo Backpack but I like the extra room and the backpack style , which may not be your cup of tea -RRB- do n't necessarily purchase the cheapest flash card either . Keep in mind that you will use this card every single time you use your camera . Like I said it is truly an extension of your digital camera.The final thing I will mention is in regards to service . There are a number of flash card suppliers in the world today . However all of the flash cards are actually built by a handful -LRB- 3 - 5 -RRB- of companies and even those companies only have a few options -LRB- 2 - 4 -RRB- regarding which components they are going to use in their particular design . More or less , the actually hardware inside each flash card is going to be similar but the way in which they utilize that hardware and the level of support they will provide , given there is a problem , are more paramount . Just imagine going 10 days without a flash card for your camera -LRB- which I did -RRB- because you are waiting for some company to repair your flash card , or worse yet having it fail and having no recourse . There are a couple of manufacturers that do very well in regards to utilizing technology and providing customer service . As of the time of this writing they are SanDisk , Lexar , and Viking . However check the newsgroups and forums for the latest information as it can be very cyclical and unfortunately can take a turn for the worse overnight.No matter what flash card you decide to use with your digital camera make sure you take the time to take the pictures . Time flies by fast and having thousands of images to thumb through 5 years from now to remind you of the time that has gone by will be the most powerful investment of all . I have personally purchased a SimpleTech external hard drive to store my images on -LRB- another reason I like the Targus DPMV02 Pro Series Video/Photo Backpack as it gives me room to put in my hard drive -RRB- . The hard drive combined with the backpack allows me to take my photos with me when I go visit family and friends . I use PhotoShop exclusively to do all my photo editing and batch processing -LRB- a great feature of PhotoShop -RRB- and of course make occasional backups to DVD-RW . Enjoy your Gateway DC-M42 4MP Digital Camera . I hope this review has informed you how this camera can be best enhanced by a flash card and the best approach in finding one that meets your specific needs .
 I was very surprised , first of all , after reading all the horrible reviews on here.I have had this camera for over two years now , and have not experienced half the problems these other people have . I have taken literally hundreds of photos without having to re-charge my batteries.I did have a problem with `` losing '' pictures last year , I bought a new memory card and have n't lost a single picture since.I think this camera is well worth the money , it is not an expensive camera so you ca n't expect professional results .
 Everyone complains about the battery life . While , I do use the rechargable batteries , I find that Energizer Lithium batteries work well and allow me to take pictures all day long . The camera works well and takes pretty good pictures . It does n't feel like a substantial piece like my parents sony Mavica -LRB- which is old but really substantial feeling -RRB- but then again , I did n't pay $ 300 for this camera either . Overall , it 's a good buy .
 My daughter took this camera to Europe last summer and got some beautiful pics ! If you use quality rechargeable batteries , and use a card reader to download the pics - instead of draining the batteries further by using the camera cable - then you will be able to take more pics , and save battery life . Quality of pictures ? ... I can count the pores on someone 's face with these pics ! I ca n't figure out why others do n't get the same results : -LRB-
 I BOUGHT A 512MB MEMORY MODULE FOR IT , AND THE CAMERA JUST BLOWS MY MIND . GREAT PICTURES VERY VEY SHARP . I REALLY BELIEVE THAT I GOT A GREAT BARGAIN ON THIS CAMERA .
 I bought this camera and I loved right away . Those jerks do n't know what they are talking about . It has great picrue quality and it is cheap . Unlike those Sony cameras . I say go for it . you 'll be just as proud of it as I am .
 This camera will not work witn many batteries . Do n't even bother trying to use regular batteries . But if you use Ni-MH batteries , especially Radio Shacks new 15 minute charge ones that are 2000mAh , this camera will keep on shooting for a very long time . Also , if you get the charger , they actually charge in 15 minutes . Anyways , overall , i really like this camera , and i have been taking pictures of EVERYTHING . With these batteries , always using the flash , this camera will push 100 pictures before changing batteries . The pictures come out great most of the time , and it 's very easy to use . Overall , i reccomend it .
 This is a fine peice of machinery . I got this for my birthday and I loved it . Me and my friends are having a blast with it . Now I cam see any monument on my camera . You wo n't be disappointed . Do n't listen to these guys trying to put this camera down . Buy now .
 I love my Gateway camera . I get at least 70 pics out of mine before any battery warning comes up . But , I first feel compelled to make a comment on the battery use of this camera . I have owned the HP -LRB- and others -RRB- 3.3 MP cameras and they too used up battery power . Such as it is with these digital camera 's . But only after 50 , 60 , 70 or more shots were taken . Now , I was not letting everything stay on to see if I can burn 'em up faster . Yes , like any other camera which uses only two AA 's as power you will have to replace that power a little more frequently . Depending on what kind of pics you are taking . THIS IS NORMAL !!! Do not pass up on this fine camera because of this.Now on the camera itself . I really am enjoying this camera . It is very quick to shoot and all the menues are easy to understand and perform . -LRB- Try the HP version and you will see what I mean ! -RRB- This is the perfect camera for all us ` snapshot artists ' out there that would like to make some really fine shots and not carry a big expensive piece of equipment with us that we ca n't put into our pockets . It has all of the features of it 's competitors and with the 4.1 MP power it really does make fine foto 's you can print to any size or send them over the web on email . Again , I am really enjoying mine and would recommend it to anyone . Again also , I carry enough rechargeables with me so ` power ' is not a problem and have a 256 MB SD memory chip in it so 's I can keep on shoot 'n and not run out of space.Try this one . I do n't think you will be disappointed !
 Like all Targus products , the Camera Messenger is well made and thickly padded to ensure great protection . This luxurious leather case also offers several handy organizers . The main compartment has a movable/removable center divider to give your gear a custom fit , a spacious front pocket for accessories , and a false bottom pocket that provides an out-of-the-way place to store cables and adapters -- a huge convenience in my book . Add to that a comfortable , adjustable shoulder strap and you have a good looking and immanently functional camera case .
 the best case I 've found for the ZEN Vision : M sofar , fit perfectly with opening at top easily plug headset in and to operate on/off switch and opening in bottom for charger !
 Someone had something bad to say about every case I looked at for the zen . This leather one looked nice , and was a decent price so I gave it a try and I am satisfied . I am not throwing it around or jogging with it . I just needed something to give it a little protection as I carried in my bag . This case is attractive and fits that bill . It has a screen guard to keep it from getting scratched , the kickstand works and the belt clip is handy . For the price , I do n't know what you would complain about.It did push down some of the buttons at first , but after using it for a week , that was n't a problem any longer.I do have two things that keep me from giving it 5 stars . 1 . The opening for the usb adapter that comes with the Zen will not fit well through the opening in the case , you have to take it out to use that ... but I have a different AC charger plug from Eforcity that fits without taking it out of the case . 2 . The right and left arrow buttons are somewhat tricky to press ... I do n't use them a lot , but I have to be very precise or it will trigger one of the other buttons.I am satisfied and am actually thinking of buying another one as a backup/spare case for the future .
 This speaker wire is really filled with copper which is why I bought it since I need it to run it long . Still is very malleable and not at all bulky , making it turn around corners was effortless and did n't seem to stress the cable.Compared to other speaker wires I 've used it is a bit more difficult to strip , probably because of so many copper strands completly filling the inside of this wire , you 'll just have to be extra careful when doing this or get a really good stripping tool.This cable is a bit expensive so you probably should consider buying it if you need to make long runs .
 I bought my Sony Grand Wega 60 '' TV in March . Up until 4 days ago I enjoyed the most beautiful picture quality that anyone could ask for . While I was watching a program in High definition and surround sound , everything went black . The bulb went out . I have kinda been expecting this after reading all the problems that Sony has been having with the bulbs going out . There is a article in HOME THEATER MAGAZINE , That states the Sony engineering team has found that there is a combination issue between the lamp and the circuitry in the lamp block , causing the inability for the TV lamp to power on . A service bulletin has been issued authorizing Sony Service Centers and Authorized Service Centers to replace the lamp and / or lamp block in affected units at no cost to the consumer.Consumers who may be experiencing this symptom should contact Sony at -LRB- 800 -RRB- 222-sony to schedule a service call.It 's been about a year and a half since Sony replaced the bulb in my TV and it 's still going strong . I am still totally in love with it . Four of my friends bought the same TV after viewing mine . I could n't live without it now . I ended up buying a 850 watt 5.1 surround sound system from Sony too . My home theatre is so much better then going to the movies . I have people comming over all the time to my CINEMA They say it 's FANTASTIC !!
 I love this TV . Period . I paid $ 3,499 for it at a franchise electronics store ; it was delivered four days later ; and now I ca n't wait to get home from work every night and watch it . Watching a high quality DVD through one of the two HD inputs is an awesome experience.At the store , I looked at it next to a Mitsubishi 65 '' CRT and a Samsung 55 '' plasma . It annihilated the CRT and held its own with the plasma -LRB- for about half the price of the plasma -RRB- . That is what sold me.It has just the right number of inputs for my AV system . The picture quality for HD input is incredible . For SD inputs , it is so-so , but that is mostly the lower quality signal.It is also a great looking cabinet.I had read that Sony had some problems with the model 's lamp blowing out earlier this year , but I understood that was fixed ; so I took a chance . My unit has a June 2004 manufacturing date , and I have had it about a week now . No problems ; just a beautiful picture at a very affordable price .
 I 've had mine since last May and I love it . I just had the picture calibrate and it 's even greater I did n't think it was possible but it 's absolutly the best picture you could possibly get in HD AND DVD I 've always been a Mits . tv owner but I 'm glad I went with this SONY model . -LSB- ... -RSB- . You woul n't belive how it looks after he is done . WOW is all I can really say . I also have the HR10-250 HD TIVO and I can watch all recorded shows in HD and you ca n't even tell they are recorded they look just like your watching a live show instead of having that taped look . Well when I seen this board I had to write because I woul n't be doing all of you a favor by giving you a heads up on this TV I also looked and searched before I bought this . I wan na say that if you are going to spend thousands of dollars on any HDTV you should spend the extra 400 to 500 dollars to have it ISF CALIBRATE I did n't know this man at all but he had some great reviews on HDTVoice.com he travels all over the country so you have to set up an appointment . Again to anyone who has or is gon na buy a HDTV you should put into your budget the cost to get it calibrate it makes such a difference . WELL ENJOY I WATCH EVERYTHING IN HIGH DEF NOW AND IT 'S GREAT SO I HOPE AND WISH ALL OF YOU WELL ON YOUR JORNEY TO YOUR NEW WORLD OF TV WATCHING IN HIGH DEF . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We bought this television in Jan. 04 and have never had any problems with it . The picture is outstanding and no problems with the sound . We have hdtv cable so maybe that helps . I hope by writing this review I do n't jinx myself . I would buy this t.v. again . Do n't let the negative reviews bother you -- we are quite happy .
 This TV is the best ! Have n't had a problem yet . We just bought this Tv for $ 500 from a friend because it was too big for his house . We love it !
 MY REVIEW ON THE KF60WE610 SONY VEGA : I WAS STUCK IN THE NEOLITHIC PERIOD OF TELEVISION FOR TOO LONG . MY 1997 27 '' SHARP WAS SO DATED . THE OLD OAK ENTERTAINMENT UNIT WAS ONLY BIG ENOUGH TO SHOW OFF A 27 '' , BUT BIG ENOUGH TO COVER A WHOLE WALL ! OH , MY GOD!I STARTED GOING TO AUDIO VIDEO STORES IN MY AREA AND STARTED MY SEARCH FOR A LCD/HDTV . THE INTERNET WAS A GOOD SOURCE OF INFORMATION TO HELP ME MAKE A DECISION . I DID THE SAME YOU ARE DOING RIGHT NOW , READING OTHERS OPINIONS ON AMAZON AND OTHER WEBSITES . BEWARE OF THE NEGATIVITY AND RESENTMENTS YOU 'LL READ OF PAST SONY BUYERS ! THEY POO-POO SO MUCH , IT 'S DEPRESSING . IT ALMOST MADE ME BUY SOMETHING ELSE.TODAY , I CAN SAY I HAVE MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE . MAGNOLIA DELIVERED MY 60 '' GRAND VEGA YESTERDAY . WHAT CAN I SAY , BIG SCREEN , BIG SOUND , BIG ENTERTAINMENT ! I DO HAVE A LOCAL CABLE COMPANY -LRB- TIME WARNER -RRB- THAT IS SENDING MY SIGNAL . THIS IS ONE OF THE REASONS THE PICTURE IS SO CLEAR . SO TAKE THIS INTO ACCOUNT WHEN BUYING YOURS . THEY HAVE HI-DEF CHANNELS THAT KICK ASS ! INHD , INHD 2 , HD NET , HD MOVIES AND MOST LOCAL CHANNELS IN HI-DEF SIGNALS . SPORTS , TRAVEL , WORLD NEWS AND MORE.OK , THE TV . NO NONSENSE . I BOUGHT THE MARCH 2004 MODEL KF60WE610 . I READ ABOUT BULB BURN OUT PROBLEMS AND ON-OFF SWITCH PROBLEMS . SONY SAID THEY HAVE CORRECTED THESE IN THE NEWER 2004 MODELS . I WILL SEE IF THIS IS TRUE . I WANTED THE HIGHEST LCD SCREEN RESOLUTION MY MONEY COULD BUY . THE SONY VEGA HAS A 1366 X 788 . IT WAS BETTER THAN SOME 1200 X 700 FOR LESS MONEY . THE VIEWING DISTANCE IS VERY IMPORTANT . MININIUM DISTANCE IS 7.2 FT. MAXIMIUM IS 12.5 . I AM VIEWING FROM ABOUT 11 FT. THIS IS FOR THE BEST `` IMMERSIVE '' TV VIEWING POSSIBLE . MY FIRST DAY OF HD VIEWING I WAS STUCK ! MY AMAZEMENT PARALYSED MY SENSES . THERE SHOULD BE A WARNING TO NEW BUYERS OF THIS SHOCK AND AAH . REMEMBER , I WENT FROM A 27 '' BLURRY TUBE TYPE TO A 60 '' -LRB- 16:9 ASPECT RATIO -RRB- HI-DEFINTION WIDE SCREEN LCD FLAT PANEL . NEEDLESS TO SAY , I AM IMPRESSED . THANKS SONY FOR BRINGING ME INTO THE 21ST CENTURY OF TV VIEWING.AFTER WATCHING HD CHANNELS , IT IS HARD TO WATCH THE OLD ANALOG SIGNALS . HI-DEF VIEWING IS HERE . HI-DEF CHANNEL COMPANY 'S ARE THE NEWEST AND MOST HI-POWER PROGRAMMING . THE COLOR , THE SHOOTING LOCATIONS , THE DIGITAL SOUND , HD CHANNELS RULE!IF YOUR CLOSE TO BUYING A NEW FLAT SCREEN , GET LCD , NOT PLASMA ! PLASMA 'S ARE CONSIDERED DISPOSABLE TV 'S . ONCE THEY BURN OUT - THERE OUT . THAT 'S THE A V GUYS RESPONSE TO PLASMA . LCD WILL AND ARE GETTING BIGGER AND MORE AFFORDABLE , -LRB- DROPPING 2 % A MONTH ... A QUOTE FROM THE CES CONVENTION IN LAS VAGAS -RRB- . BUT DO N'T WAIT TILL YOUR IN THE PINE BOX . GET A LCD/HDTV AND LIVE ! AFTER READING THIS REVIEW OVER AND OVER , IT SOUNDS LIKE I WORK FOR SONY . I DO N'T . I AM JUST SHARING MY THOUGHTS AND FEELINGS WITH YOU SO YOU CAN TAKE IT FROM THERE . NOTHING IS PERFECT , BUT THIS LAST 24 HOURS OF HI-DEFINITION TV IS CLOSE TO THE REAL THING.I RESERVE THE RIGHT TO POO POO TOO , IF NEEDED.ROGER H.CANOGA PARK , CA .
 The perfect addition to my cellphone - capacity for over 150 ripped CD songs and more pix than I can count . Comes with normal-size SD carrier so you can plug it into printer or card reader . Cool product !
 Received it pretty quick , but it was SDSDQU-1024-E10M . There is n't any difference just it comes from Europe instead of the U.S. . That was pretty odd but otherwise it works .
 This is a great product from sandisk it does exactly what it is supposed to do increase speed read and write . The micro SD is by far the fastest that I have tested . The only reason I do not give it five star is because of the capacity they only offer this in 1GB . I am sure 2 and 4 will be soon to follow . If you own a PDA and run programs or want fast access to your file this is the one for you .
 I think that is a good idea to buy the Ultra II MicroSD Memory Card , because it is faster to read and write that the conventional MicroSD Memory Cards . I recommend it .
 I bought this card for my Garmin GPSMAP 60CSX and it works great ! The Garmin website -LRB- I found this out after I bought the card -RRB- says that you should not use the Ultra II cards , but I loaded my card with the City Navigator Europe maps in the adapter on a card reader , then installed the loaded card into my GPS and it works great . The only thing I wish I would have done is bought a 2GB card so I could fit all of the maps on to one card .
 I bought this card for my Garmin Vista Cx GPS receiver . And I bought IOGEAR memory drive with this . Ultra II so fast and more cheap in amazon .
 I have used this housing on three dive trips , Kaui , Mexico , & Utila , for over 30 dives ranging from 40 ' -100 ' . It has performed very well , especially since adding an external strobe . The EX-Z600 Casio with this housing rivals much more expensive U/W camera systems .
 I love this case ! I used it for a week in Lake Powell . It does make the camera bigger , but if you want to play in the water and have your camera with you , this is the item for you . I had a few pictures with water drops smudging them up , but the rest of them were amazingly clear .
 These items were excellent and worked just as they were designed ! The seller sent them as ordered with no problems noted at all !! Will purchase again if ever available . I also shared one of these with a coworker who asked if I had more . Amazon always seem to deliver timely and excellent products as well . I 'll continue to purchase from them .
 A great little hub for those of us still wired to each other , very fast , no set up issues , just plug it in and it works , with auto speed sensing and nice activity display lights . Perfect for a wired home or small office network .
 I bought this adapter years ago ... probably 1998 , from Farallon . I use it to connect my HP 6MP laser printer , which has local talk , to my network . The only problem is that the PCs on the network ca n't see it . But all the Macs can see it fine and print to it . But if I have to disconnect it temporarily to rearrange furniture , or the power goes out , I have to luck into the magic sequence to get it going again . I do n't think it 's broken , it just is not forgiving of being disconnected . Can you still buy this item ? I 'm not sure ... but if you have a localtalk printer then by all means , try this out . Seems to me I paid $ 50 for it year ago , so $ 75 seems a bit steep .
 I used the product to recover a hard drive from a laptop that had gone bad . I am an experienced PC user so it really was not a mystery what I had to do . I was struck by how atrocious the documentation was . Was there a reason they could not invest in more than one tiny square of paper with a font so small it was almost unreadable to me ? Even struggling to read the documentation was a waste since it really did not say anything helpful . You either understand how to hook all this up or you do n't . They must have heard prior criticism about the master/slave jumper on some drives because they at least mentioned that . While the product does look like a mess of wires I do n't see that much of a complaint here because I just do n't understand why anyone would view this product as more than an interim means to mount a drive to a working computer to recover data . It is NOT for use as a permanent solution to attach a drive . It was a cost effective solution to a problem I had .
 It was not really easy to set up right out of box . But , thanks to the reviews of people that have used it previously , I was able to get it up and running . What a wonderfull way to access old hard drives right from your desk . It works great and is very resonable in price . Especially when you are able to get files that you had on your old computers hard drive without having to install it in a computer , in order to read from it .
 The product shipped quickly and the installation is simple . Excellent product and a variety of uses . When I removed and formatted a hard drive , the results were perfect . Highly recommend for average users .
 works likes I needed it to.Able to transfer info from two older HDD to my computer and then use the older HDD as backup drives .
 Fantastic product ! My old notebook died on me -LRB- video card problem -RRB- , so I just took out my hard drive and plugged it in via the SATA adapter from this product and then connected it to my new laptop . I got all my data back in no time and I 'm extremely happy . Initially I did n't realize how to connect this to my hard drive -LRB- the pin adapter from my hard drive was blocking the SATA ports -RRB- , but then I had that `` duh ! '' moment and just pulled off that part to reveal the SATA port . It may be a little useful if this product included instructions , but it 's pretty self-explanatory or a quick internet search -LRB- or browse through these comments -RRB- will show you how to do it.I believe the only reason people are giving this product a low rating is because they are using it as an external drive that 's always plugged in . While this may work for the time being , it 's probably going to fail on you . I plugged mine in and just used it to transfer my data and then unplugged it . If I need to grab anything else off my hard drive then I will do this again , instead of always leaving it connected to my notebook .
 I purchased this as an all in one unit to pull information from Sata and IDE hard drives . Most of the drives are close to failing , so this has not worked all of the time . For the most part this has worked great to get users files copied from there existing drive allowing me to save the pictures and other important files .
 product works great , enabled recovery of data from a failed systems hard drive ... instructions are a little weak but common sense points the waya must have tool
 I 'm not a hardware guy by any stretch of the imagination . I had an old PC that I 'd nursed for as long as I could until it finally died . I knew the HDD was still in tact , but the rest of it had rendered it inaccessible . The problem was that a lot of my writing and design work was still on the drive , and did n't exist anywhere else.The kit is just a series of cables that give power and a connector to your HDD and allow you to hook them up via USB . I was worried the drive would be finally fried , but I hooked everything up , the disk spun and I was able to transfer all of the files to my laptop quickly and easily .
 This adapter works very well . I 've had it for almost a week and I 've tried a couple 2.5 form factor hard drives , a SATA DVD burner , an old IDE 3.5 form factor HD and a SATA 3.5 form factor HD.It worked great for all of these on my computer and on a secondary computer.The only thing I do not like about it is the cheap plastic . I tend to work fast and rush things and I 've already broke the plastic lip off of the SATA part of the connector of the Molex to SATA adapter cable . It still works fine but I have to be careful.Also I am nervous that the main retangular plastic piece that connects either IDE/SATA is going to break . It is very flimsy and cheap.All in all it works fine . I am happy with it.You just have work slow and carfully with this adapter when using it .
 Good PriceAssembly -LRB- how to connect -RRB-
 My PC motherboard died and I needed to find a way to easily recover important files that were on the PC SATA Hard Disk Drive -LRB- HDD -RRB- . The Sabrent USB-DSC5 adapter was the answer . It 's low cost , flexibility , included power supply , and ease of use made it the ideal solution to my problem . I selected it based on the many positive reviews that I 've read . After I ordered the product , it came a few days later and I was able to immediately access my files on the HDD . In fact I was able to run some of the software applications -LRB- but not all -RRB- directly from the HDD using the Sabrent adapter . I am very pleased with this product and highly recommend it .
 I used this product ordered from Amazon to access data from a Western Digital model WD1200B015 hard drive -LRB- IDE type -RRB- from 2005 . I was fortunate that the power supply still worked on my old WD hard drive - all that was n't working was the USB socket - it had broken of the PCB . So in my case all I had to do was plug in the data cable from the Sabrent kit -LRB- ie . I did n't have to use the Sabrent power supply -RRB- . However , to do this I had partially disassemble the WD drive to get access to the pin connections for the data cable . This was due to space constraints that had nothing to do with Sabrent . The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 is that the instructions with the Sabrent kit and on Amazon were not the best.I found better instructions on the TigerDirect website as per below . However the Sabrent price on Amazon was $ 5 cheaper . So I recommend this product but think it should be use for emergency data transfer - do n't try an use it as a daily connection to an external HD - I do n't think its designed for that.Ultra USB 2.0 to IDE/SATA Cable for 2.5-Inch / 3.5-Inch / 5.25-Inch Drive with Power Adapter -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It works great . It is important that you first plug in the power to the drive and THEN attach the USB cable so your system can recognize the drive . I was a little hesitant when I ordered the device , but it 's a bargain . I had four HD 's , including one on a laptop that I needed to make sure there was no files that I did not have backed up in other places . The Seagate drive required a jumper for `` master '' position . Maxtor and Western Digital did not require any jumpers . One was a 40 gig and the other a 30 gig . The Seagate was a 4 ... that 's four gig ... drive that was lying around gathering dust and I had no idea what was on it . One of the drives was pulled from a PC because it had crashed , but this tool allowed me to get the data since the OS was not in play . Well worth the money .
 I had several IDE hard drives I needed to check and use as backup drives and swap between . The USB link was n't blazingly fast , but it did n't need to be . Great for swapping between drives .
 Works exactly as advertised . Allows you access to any IDE or SATA drive . I bought it to salvage data off what I thought was a bad laptop drive . Tested it using the adapter and realized it was n't bad . Ended up being a bad RAM stick giving false error codes .
 Works as advertised though a little awkward with the varying lengths of cables and such . It 's the ` Mad Scientist ' version of a Hard Drive Docking Station but handles SATA , PATA , 2.5 '' or 3.5 '' variants . I actually prefer the MacGruber approach to technology so this is perfect for me !
 This was the best $ 25 I have spent in a long time that was worth every single penny . Had a less than a year old hp pavilion , the motherboard went , computer has to go back to hp for repair , no way to access hard drive with all the personal info one keeps -LRB- did not have a backup ... this was family member 's computer ... -RRB- . Plus hp said they would automatically reformat the hd when it goes in for repairs ... . real nice . They wanted to charge $ 60 for a backup -LRB- first they said $ 99 until I complained -RRB- ... ummm no ... too much ... . So bought this wonderful Sabrent adapter . Harddrive was still in the hp case when I did this , disconnected sata cable , disconnected power cable , reconnected with sata cable and power cable that came in Sabrent box , turned on the power adapter , plugged in the usb in another computer and it found the hard drive ... sweeeet !!! Word of advice , first time I plugged in the usb , computer recognized I had a new usb connection , but did not find hd , treated it as unknown ... simply pulled out the usb and put it back in and away it went . Easy Peasy . Highly recommend this product !
 I am very happy with my purchase ! I thought it would be one of those things that I would only use once to recover pictures off of a hard drive to a broken laptop but I 've actually used it on several occasions . Easy to use , works great . Highly recommended .
 TL ; DR Great for stacks of unused drives . Easy to configure , easy enough to use.I just purchased this device so I ca n't speak for reliability yet but I have a stack of hard drives that I do n't really know what to do with . My first foray using this thing took a few minutes but worked well and was fairly simple for an amateur Windows techie -LRB- I 'm much better with BSD -RRB- . Instructions are quite sparse or perhaps I threw them away . Regardless this is an excellent tool for any hard drive writing task such as backups or preparing a ghost image , file recovery -LRB- recommend Linux or BSD for that but have not tested -RRB- . The product arrived as shown in pictures which is why I rate 5 stars on looks . It 's what I like to call `` ugly but effective '' . Ease of use loses one star because I did n't read the instructions . Sorry . When you plug in a blank drive -LRB- no file system -RRB- you need to go to disk manager in XP and initialize the disk . Then you can format it , etc. . Have n't tried with VirtualBox but it should work just as I expect.Ease of installation gets 5 stars because if you can install a hard drive you can install this blindfolded.Be aware this is by no means a hard drive replacement . While the device is bootable you 'll have a bottleneck at your USB port . The transfer speed is nothing to complain about just something to be aware of . Lastly , drives get hot so be careful . This is by no means a function of the product . This is simply what happens when your electronics stay on for extended periods.From documentation this device is bootable and should work with any drive not just hard drives . Remember to set jumper to Master , initialize and you 're good to go .
 This little device worked as stated connecting my internal desktop hard drive to my lap top computer for easy data transfer . I was pleased it worked so well .
 DD 's net book crashed due to a virus . Would not load OS Windows XP . I was n't willing to pay for data removal . DD does not back up but she WILL now . Got this within a week from placing order . Was tricky at first to set it up . Asked customer service for help and got responses from 2 different techs . They were quick but I was read other peoples reviews and tried plugging the power first . Worked like a charm . Yes it is slow but I could work at my own pace . DD went through her files to choose what to keep and then reloaded to orignal factory settings . Great Product !
 I bought this product to recover information from the hard drive of a broken computer , and it worked flawlessly . There is nothing fancy about it , but it gets the job done . An alternative solution is using an external hard drive case , which , for SATA drives would probably be cheaper.Note
 It is very easy to use . My hard drive is maxtor and it is set in master mode . I connect the power supply and cable to my hd before I connect it to my computer . My computer recognizes it right away . Great product if you have a damage hd and would like to pull out the materials .
 The box is well put together , and everything goes BACK in easily . Nice not to have to find something else to keep this collection of wires in . Other reviewers have done a great job pointing out the usage procedure , so I did n't bother witb the instructions . This is going to be a life saver every couple of months . It 's nice not to have to pull a pigtail out of the computer case to power the drive , especially if you are just pulling data to a laptop or something . When I had a short-term need for a portable drive larger than the one I have , I plugged this pile of cords into a regular HDD and it filled in just fine and saved me a couple of bucks .
 I purchased this item to be able to use some hard drives from a couple of old PC 's as external drives on a Mac . After reading all of the reviews I finally pieced together how to use this drive successfully.The first drive I tried was a 2.5 '' Hitachi 40GB that came out of a Dell laptop . It was plug and play and worked immediately -LRB- i 'm running Snow Leopard -RRB- . I was able to mount the drive and using Disc Utility reformat it without a hitch.The second drive that I tried was a Western Digital 80GB drive that I actually pulled out of a broken Tivo recorder . After trying every way possible I finally figured out a sequence to get it mounted . The jumper must be in the CS -LRB- Cable Select -RRB- position first . Then plug the USB cable in to the computer , then power up the external drive with supplied cable -LRB- computer was on during all of this -RRB- . Immediately I was given a warning that drive was not compatible and Disc Utility opened to erase and format . Drive works great now .
 Kind of novice working with the inside of a pc stuff but I was able to easily transfer data from one hard drive to another . Simple to use .
 The directions for hooking it up are almost non-existent , but I just plugged the only parts that would fit my hard drive -LRB- IDE interface and power cable -RRB- and then plugged the USB cable into my Windows XP computer . I was amazed when the drive appeared and I was able to salvage all the data .
 This works amazingly well . I do n't know how I got along without this tool before.It 's very easy to use and while it 's not a long term solution to connect a hard drive externally , it 's something that has helped me to save data off several drives quickly and easily . The biggest thing for me to remember is to change the jumpers on the hard drive if the computer does n't detect it . Now I just follow what another reviewer wrote
 This item was just as advertised . As others mention , I would not recommend as a permanent Hard Drive Enclosure , but it is great for transferring data for storage or backup .
 This item does exactly what it says . The ONLY thing I would suggest would be to ADD instructions as follows
 This product was delivered within 2-3 days of purchase , was easy to hook up , and was quick and easy to use . It saved me from wasting my monies at Best Buy with the Geek Squad . I am so grateful for the time and money that this small investment , and great product , did for me in transfering files from an old , dead computer 's hard drive to my new computer . Be willing to spend the few extra dollars for this product over one that costs under ten . This adapter includes lights that allow the user to know it is working . : D
 I purchased this adapter here @ Amazon February 4 , 2009 . It stopped working 9/16/2011 , which can simply happen with ANY electronic eq - no blame on Sabrent for that . I opened a ticket @ Sabrent . They had me send the defective one in , offering a replacement . The entire process took quite a while - I guess they used the very cheapest shipping to Hawaii , without tracking # - but today , 11/15/2011 , I picked up a new working unit from the PO -LRB- which might have been there for a couple of days already -RRB- , so I 'm happy again.I own a Vantec CB-ISATAU2 , too , also purchased here @ Amazon , which is why I did not mind the two months without the Sabrent too much -LRB- when you offer computer hardware support you need a backup adapter anyway - everything else would not be professional -RRB- . Speed-wise I 'd say they are the same -LRB- have n't measured exactly -RRB- . I deducted one star because - in contrast to the Vantec CB-ISATAU2 - the Sabrent does not have a switch in the power line . Remember , it is depreciated to pull the power supply right at the connected HD since the resulting vibrations can harm the heads which are still spinning ... . that 's the main reason why Vantec inserted a switch . With the Sabrent you actually have to pull the power plug at the PSU , which is a bit awkward .
 Love it ... it was a life saver . The mother board in my older computer got a short and would not start up and I had several programs , pictures , and other data that had not been backed up with a couple of weeks . I purchaced a new computer thinking I would be able to install my old drive in it and copy things over ... well my old harddrive was IDE and new computer had SATA cable . This set up is great priced , fast , works like a charm and is easy to hookup .
 Was a life saver when the old computer was damaged in a house fire . Removed the hard drive and plugged it into the port and it was on the desktop ready to copy onto the new computer . Simple easy to use device.Enjoy
 I bought this on an occasion when I needed to clone an old laptop drive to a new one , which was in the laptop . It worked * perfectly * . Just plug the 2.5 in laptop drive into the mini-IDE connector and then plug the USB cable into any free USB port . Since it 's a generic USB mass storage device , it should work under any operating system . -LRB- For the record I use Linux -RRB- Recently , I came upon a situation wherein I required the adapter again . This time I needed to access the contents of a loose 3.5 in hard drive . Again , all the tools are supplied
 I 've had no problems with a few different 2.5 '' and 3.5 '' drives . Mac OS X 10.4
 This is an excellent product , versatile , easy to use , and performs exactly as advertized . This is a well made quality product and I have enjoyed using it for various hard drives . Setup and use is a no brainer . I highly recommend it to anyone who has a use for this type of product .
 I was advised to get a product like this from our tech dept. at work when my desktop crashed . Worked exactly like he said it would . No complaints .
 I have a lot of hard drives from old computers and this makes it very easy to see what 's on them . Also , these drives are perfect for storing backups . This interface is very easy to use and has adapters for SATA drives . I would recommend this device .
 This adapter worked well and as described . What more could you want ? It is not pretty but it is functional . The power supply is necessary unless you are using lap top drives . The directions need to be more inclusive . Western Digital HDs must have jumpers set at cs but that information is available on line at these reviews . It is adaptable for all the hard drives I tried including IDE , ADA & sata and I am not particularly skilled . If you have an old drive you want to wipe and or use as an external drive It works perfectly . With the availability of cheap thumb drives up to 8 gig for backup and transfer of information , this is much more useful as a way to check and repair drive problems than carrying it back and forth to your office . If you need more drive space and have the ability , installing a permenant drive is better . It does what it was supposed to do effectively and inexpensively . If you want beauth , pay $ 80 .
 The device works amazing , i used it to recover the information form my laptop SATA hard drive , i just plug it with the usb and it worked , i took a while -LRB- iguess because of the size of my HD -RRB- , but worked great.I carefully took the time to read a lot of reviews from similar devices , and even when this was a few bucks more expensive , it is worth it . So i agree with most of the people that have reviewed , Its a good buy .
 Does it look good ? No . Is it a mess of wire on your otherwise pristine desk ? Yes . But it works , well at that , and is incredibly easy to set up.A -LRB- very -RRB- low-cost alternative to a pre-built external hard drive -LRB- especially if you happen to have a hard drive from a junked computer lying around like I did -RRB- or to be used to run defrag/rescue operations on a suspect hard drive from a known-to-be-good computer , you ca n't beat its usefulness for the price . Good luck trying to fit it in with your decor , though : -RRB-
 This required no installation , finagling , or bloodshed to use . I plugged it in and it worked beautifully.For reference , I use Windows XP on a 2.8 gHz dual-core pentium desktop . Nothing fancy .
 Bought this product when I first started fixing/building my own PCs . Now I have 3 of them , the original is still working several years later and I would n't be able to do anything with this.It makes me laugh when I think of how much geek squad charges to fix your hard drive , and the first thing they do is pull your hard drive and hook up to their computer with this cable , then run free-ware scanning tool ...
 Purchased the device to transfer files from an old IDE drive to an internal SATA drive on my new computer.Plugged the IDE drive and USB 2.0 cable into the device and then the USB cable into a port on my new computer.The external IDE drive was auto recognized by Windows XP Pro immediately . Then proceed to copy files to my new computer 's SATA drive simply by opening two windows under My Computer and using my mouse.Assembly is simple , no extra software needed , and no data lost . The USB 2.0 port is a little slow.For $ 16 used , it was a good deal .
 I use it to access any hard drives I have from my old laptops and desktop computers . A good product to use .
 When I first got this I used it to transfer some music from a friends HDD to my laptop , it was extremely easy to use . The LED light helped me know that the HDD was in use , which is a plus . Thank you . Love this product .
 I bought the Sabrent SATA/IDE to USB converter to recover a SATA drive from an old computer with a bad power supply . It worked perfectly , and I was able to recover all my data . All the necessary cables were included in the kit . The instructions might have been more clear , but hardware standards being what they are , things can only go together one way.I took the advice of another reviewer , and put the bare drive -LRB- electronics side down -RRB- on top of a static-proof plastic bag I had from another purchase , then that on top of a book . Worked great.Another bit of advice from the web , that was left out of the documentation
 I had a hard drive that was failing so I removed it from my PC . I wanted to pull some pictures and documents from it without re-installing it . This kit is perfect for that . If you wanted to set it up for a longer more permanent storage option you would need to invest in a hard drive enclosure . If you 've ran out of internal connections or if you just want to quickly access a hard drive , this kit fits the bill .
 After my old computer died -LRB- suspect the processor was faulty -RRB- I was uncertain how to get my data off the hard drive , in particular the pictures and videos . While shopping in Best Buy , I asked an employee how much they would charge and he said it was $ 250.00 minimum ! After an internet search I found this set of adaptors and cables from Sabrent for around $ 20 , so I decided to try it.The set come with instructions on how to set it up , but it is written by people who assume you know exactly how to use it , so I resorted to trial and error to be able to access the drive once I hooked it up . However , after restarting the computer I had it hooked up to , and unplugging and replugging the USB , my Dell PC with Windows 7 recognized the drive and I was able to retrieve my data.It has multiple hookups , so I was also able to use in on a hard drive from a computer that was over 10 years old and ran Windows ME.I am very satisifed with this product , and will buy from Sabrent again for future technology needs . And I 'm REALLY happy that I was able to do the job myself for a tenth of what Best Buy would have charged me .
 Worked just as promised . I was able to hook it up and transfer files from my damaged hard drive in a few minutes . It 's a pile of wires so it wo n't win any design awards , but it works great .
 I used this product in upgrading a notebook computer to include a modern solid-state hard drive ; the Sabrent kit was the hardware component which allowed me to image the old drive onto the new one , via a USB port . I chose this product , plus Acronis MigrateEasy 7.0 software , in preference to the `` all-in-one-kit '' solution -- the Apricorn EZ Upgrade Kit -- because of the dodgy reviews that product has gotten from many users -LRB- and because I already own and have used the Acronis software successfully in desktop drive upgrades -RRB- . The advantages of this Sabrent kit are that it works with both SATA and IDE hard drives -LRB- in case you still have any of the latter -RRB- , and that it comes with an AC-to-DC adapter to power the new drive when connected externally -- something which is not included in the Apricorn kit and seems to be necessary ... sometimes . The Sabrent kit removes this worry.At any rate , the process was simple , foolproof , and worked on the first try . This hardware kit , as some users have pointed out , is not `` pretty , '' but it is perfectly straightforward and versatile . The various cables only connect one way , and it will be obvious which ones you do and do n't need in your particular case . I also recommend the Acronis MigrateEasy software , which I have used on three different machines , always without any issue . Install the software , shut down the machine , connect the hardware and new drive to a USB port , fire up the machine and let it find the new `` USB drive , '' run MigrateEasy and let it do its thing ; after shutdown , swap the new drive into the machine 's primary boot bay , start her up , and the job is complete .
 This product works great . It 's not made for full time used but to information off a hard drive it is prefect .
 Performs as advertised . Absolutely saved me thousands of dollars . Maxtor One-touch III hard drive failed to be recognized by my computers , suddenly and without warning . 15GB of family pictures were on this NAS device , and had n't been backed up for a few months . Spoke to 4 separate drive recovery companies , and all said they 'd charge between $ 750-3000 -LRB- on average -RRB- to `` guarantee '' recovery of my data . Was recommended to try to pop open the enclosure and connect the HD directly to the computer , in case the failure is actually the bus and not the HD . Received this delivery , opened the enclosure , connected the power cable and the IDE-USB connectors , and within seconds my HD then appeared on my desktop ! I rapidly copied all the critical data off the external HD . I confidently say that this $ 20 piece of cable saved my family thousands of dollars and countless hours/days of stress while awaiting word from a drive recovery company wrt status of my HD . I simply can not recommend this alternative enough . THANKS , SABRENT !!!
 Who ever thought this kit up deserves a reward . It was very easy to hook up once I figured it out , -LRB- the directions left a little to be desired -RRB- but once hooked up and the process started it worked like a charm . What is nice about it is that you can make it work on any size drive . It has to be added to my list of one of the best things I ever bought .
 I purchased a new hard drive for my laptop and needed a simple way to clone my old hard drive to my new one before installing it . I was able to easily connect my new hard drive to my laptop 's usb port with this device and cloned my old hard drive using Acronis True image software.I have to say this project was much easier than I had anticipated due to having this device . I would recommend it to anyone needing to upgrade a laptop hard drive or to connect a hard drive to another computer .
 I bought this kit because my DVD player died.Wait what ? Yes . . I bought a DVD player with a USB port on it . At some point , the disk drive mechanism in the DVD player died . But the drive had a USB port , for reading external drives , thumbdrives , etc. . For the last month or two , I 'd been using my MP3 player 's 16GB drive to playback movies through the DVD player.Well , I did n't want to run my MP3 player to an early grave , so I thought I might be able to get some kind of external drive case to plug in a spare DVD rom into that USB port.Unfortunately , my crackpot ideas did n't work out . . the DVD player has no idea how to talk to a DVD Rom drive via USB . . HOWEVER . . it did work amazingly well for accessing an old HD!I can definitely see this kit being a useful tool when diagnosing disk drives , and building/repairing other systems . I can also see it being useful for turning an old spare HD , into a `` portable drive '' making it easy to move lots of large files from one computer to another.It 's not a permanent fix . . as others have said . If you want to keep a drive running all the time , you 're better off getting an enclosure . But if you 're going to do a lot ow swapping and relatively temporary/intermittent usage -LRB- moving music/media from one machine to another , or copying off old files from an old HD when you get a new computer -RRB- . . this is probably a great solution.I ended up buying a new DVD player . . so that 's my problem solved . But for the price , I feel it was definitely worth trying this . . because I found out that at least one of my old HD 's is still usable ! This kit will definitely be staying in my toolkit box .
 Great item , and is exactly as described !! Would purchase this item again if needed , and would suggest it to anyone else looking for such an item !!!
 I got a couple of these for myself and a coworker . We use them so often that we bought more so that everyone in our IT group would have one without borrowing ours .
 This is n't the best one I 've owned but it 's simple and it did the job . It ran an old 4700 RPM ATA laptop hard drive straight from USB.The first time I plugged in the USB then plugged in the HD ... that was bad . Do n't do that .1 . Plug in the drive to the converter , make sure it 's snug and on a flat surface where it wo n't get damaged .2 . Plug in the USB , preferably to a USB plug on the back of the computer -LRB- if accessible -RRB- because they 're just more stable .3 . Wait a while for the drive to spin up -LRB- if applicable -RRB- and you 're golden.It comes with a bunch of cables that can be useful for system builders ... or drives that need the juice -LRB- as it was intended -RRB- . Good luck .
 I 've had this device for over a year now . Works great ! Do n't know why some of the other reviewers are having so many problems . It takes a few minutes to figure out how to hook every thing up , but once it 's done everything works great .
 Great thing to have for anyone that does computer repair or needs to be getting into hard drives easily . A +
 These connections enable me to use them as backup drives . Exactly what I needed to get the job done . Thanks
 I needed to connect to my old hard drives . This thing did exactly that . It was easy to figure out too .
 Had a hard drive going out on my laptop that needed to be replaced and then transfer the data from the old device to the new drive I installed . After reviewing device options on Amazon , I decide to purchase the Sabrent USB-DSC5 Serial ATA or IDE 2.5 - / 3.5-Inch to USB 2.0 Cable Converter Adapter . It also arrived a day early which was very nice . I unpacked the device and studied the component parts for about two minutes and put it to use . Within approximately 5 minutes I had everything connected together and a dialogue box on my laptop asking if I wanted to look at the files on my dying hard drive . I selected that option and within about 3 more minutes , I had the files I needed transferred to my laptop . The Sabrent USB-DSC5 is pretty intuitive to use and does what it was designed to do with minimal fuss . For the price it is a good tool and addition to your service tools to boot .
 The unit was bought at Amazon.com . It arrive promptly and in excellent shape.This unit worked trouble free with IDE hard drives . Unfortunately the IDE connector is a bit too large and when inserted in a DVD drive it makes an extremely tight fit with the power plug in case of one drive I tried it with , but in another drive it was overlapping too far so that the power connector could not be inserted at all . You might try a IDE male/female extension cord to solve this problem .
 I purchased this product some time ago . I find it to be a valuable tool to access IDE and SATA drives . It `` works like a charm '' . Two , the product is build to last .
 Bought this product in a bind . PC just died and did not have any other units laying around that could access SATA drives . It definitely saved me , now it is a regular in my arsenal -LRB- even with SATA being so prevelant -RRB- in back-up and disk management .
 VERY handy to getting data off a crashed computer . . as long as it 's not the HD that crashed of course . Works as advertised .
 As others have noted , this is an excellent device to have in your `` tool box '' for emergencies or whenever you have to access a bare drive . The little converter quickly connects bare SATA and IDE drives via usb connection to your pc . Drive testing or file copying is easily done.My usb/converter cable failed , but Sabrent replaced it quickly . Be sure to test such devices soon after you receive them . I had set mine aside and when I finally needed it , it was defective . The drive got power and spun up okay , but the pc did not see it at all -- bad connection with the usb/converter . There 's a small , noticeable number of complaints about devices with bad connections . Perhaps to be expected with devices so inexpensive.I did n't know if there would be any Sabrent support in the U.S. , but it turns out there is , they respond promptly , they are quite helpful , and they stand behind their products . Being a few weeks past the warranty period , I was resigned to purchasing another . But Sabrent evaluated the situation and kindly replaced the bad part . Very nice folks .
 Worked right out of the box under Windows XP and Windows 7 . No drivers or software were necessary . Excellent way to get the data off the drive of a non-functioning computer .
 This Sabrent USB-DSC5 Serial ATA or IDE 2.5 - / 3.5-Inch to USB 2.0 Cable Converter Adapter with Power Supply help me recover data from dead external hard drive and some hard drive on bad desktop . Very handy tool .
 I bought this product to just transfer files off my old hard drive but I found it to be much faster than I expected and stable as can be . Perfect for anyone that needs to transfer files off old drives or test hardware that you have sitting around .
 If you are a computer technician , this tool is in your bag , truck or shop . Simply hook up a hard drive and slip the other end into a USB port on another machine and find your data . Often used when a machine blue screens and a customer needs data off of the hard drive .
 My sister-in-law desktop tower crashed and needed her files that she had on the main drive . She manages three mobil home parks and she put all her eggs in one basket - Oops ! I was able to connect to her hd via Converter Adapter to my pc usb connection . It was a breeze to copy and back up all her files to cd . I would recommend this product to those have a pc crash due to a faulty power supply , etc. ...
 The Sabrent USB-DSC5 adapter is very useful if you have a drive that you want to test and you do not want to have to open your computer . This one of the best devices that will work for checking all kinds of drives that use Serial ATA or IDE connections . The documentation is lacking some information on how to use this device .
 great product for a great price , especially is you have a lot of old hard drives or ipod hard drives lying around .
 I bought this so that I could access older drives and not have to worry about installing them in a system . As a time saver it does everything I had expected and one nice surprise . I have been able to access every drive I have tried and that 's about 12 now , several Sata drives along with a few IDE drives , even an older 2.5 '' laptop drive.One surprise benefit was that I had a drive which was no longer bootable , the system would include all kinds of drive errors in the BIOS screens if the drive was even plugged into the system at all , even as a secondary drive . Using this setup I have been able to totally recover all the data from the drive . That is one very valuable tool when you are helping someone with their system.I highly recommend this for it 's intended purposes , temporarily accessing drives and data . I would n't use it as a longer term solution as one of the many enclosures would be much better suited for that . *** Update April 2012 *** This continues to work for me and is my go to method of accessing an older drive . With nearly all drives SATA now , it 's my primary way of accessing older IDE drives when someones computer has an issue . I 've used it with dozens of drives now and it 's always worked . I 'm glad I have this in my bag of goodies when asked to help a friend with computer problems.TIP
 If you are a geek , or want to get that perfect geek gift , this is a must have !!!
 This thing 's not as pretty as a regular hard drive enclosure but it is very versatile and works exactly as advertised with WinXP Pro and 3.5 '' / 2.5 '' EIDE and SATA hard drives . Not a single failure or glitch .
 So far I have used this will an IDE laptop hard drive , 3.5 SATA drive , an IDE DVD drive and and IDE 3.5 hard drive . It works flawlessly ! It 's a lot of cables , but very flexlible !
 This converter works great . I use it to retrieve user files from PCs that have crashed , and also for off-site backup of my own systems . Easy , quick , and a real bargain !
 I purchased this product to get some files off of my old computer 's hard drive . The power supply failed for the third time and I did n't feel like buying a new one . I guess I could have swapped out my power supply from my working computer or installed the hard drive in my other PC , but I was too lazy so I bought this adapter . Setup was painless . I just took the old hard drive out , plugged it into the adapter , and the USB from adapter to my laptop . A separate power supply cable is provided to power up the hard drive . No need to install drivers . I was able to pull off all of the files I needed through My Computer . The drive was listed as a removable disk . The download speed was not that fast , but I got my files so that 's all that matters to me .
 Sabrent USB-DSC5 Serial ATA or IDE 2.5 - / 3.5-Inch to USB 2.0 Cable Converter Adapter with Power SupplyThis is a great product if you fully understand what you need it for . It is not a great product for a novice looking for a `` plug and play '' no-brainer answer to an imagined outcome.If you have a decent knowledge of computers in general and are comfortable working within hard drives and other drives , I fully recommend this product . I found the hardware and cables no less fragile than the ones in almost all other computer cases.The USB cable is only 2 feet long , and I wish it were longer than that to give me more room to spread out some , but all-in-all I highly recommend this product to anyone interested in `` benching '' a hard drive and working with it . For the paltry sum of $ 19.95 , it 's a great deal , and if you know what you 're expecting from it , you wo n't be disappointed . GOOD PRODUCT .
 A very slick little piece of hardware . Great for scanning those infected hard drives and removing viruses and spyware . Works very nice on laptop drives .
 I have a home computer repair business , and this is a great addition to the kit . It 's not made to be a permanent solution , but it is great for backing up data , cloning drives etc. . I think some of the bad reviews may be that some people are forcing the power plug in the wrong way . I have bought 2 and both are doing great .
 product was purchased to read an old hard drive out of my old computer and it worked great !!
 Excellent product for plugging in a hard drive when in a hurry . Worked fine with every hard drive I tried it with .
 When I ordered this product , I knew it was going to be exactly what I expected . I was able to recover files from an old hard drive and put them on my computer via USB . This is a great product at a very competitive price . Free fast shipping too . Thanks AMAZON : - -RRB-
 I hooked up the hard drive to the Sabrent adaptor , plugged it in to the USB port , and Win Explorer allowed me to extract my data from a non-booting drive . No surprises . It just worked !
 I help fix computers for friends and family , so I needed this to help remove files from dying hard drives . Unfortunately , the one I attempted to fix died , so no success there . The item itself is great , useful with most drives and fairly priced .
 Works great Hook up a DVD Drive or Hard Drive Easy to use plug and play
 This does exactly what it 's supposed to do . Very helpful . I had several old 3.5 '' drives from old desktops sitting around from over the years . This made it simple and quick to transfer the data to my laptop.I found the customer reviews very helpful , especially the instructions on how the jumpers should be set for Western Digital drives.Thanks again for making it easy.Highly reccommend this product !
 The Sabrent Cable Converter does what it sets out to do
 This is an awsome device for anyone who has to get information off of a hard drive without having to open up your computer . You need nothing but this device , your hard drive and a USB port . I had a hard drive that would not work in its current computer , I thaught all was lost . I hooked it up to my computer with this device and was able to retrieve all the information . Its so simple , someone with little experiance can handle it .
 I bought this hardrive adapter for my Aunts Laptop that died . When her Laptopdied , she sent it to me , and we determined the motherboard was dead but not thehardrive . She had lots of Photos , documents , etc. she needed saved so I removedthe hardrive , bought this from Amazon , and made a nice portable drive for her to useon her new computer . Not only did is save her precious pics , and docs , but now shecan use that drive as extra portable storage . She 's happy , I 'm happy and hopefullyshe does n't forget about me in the will for saving the day ... hehehe
 This thing does everything I expect of it . I had to move a jumper or two around on old IDE drives but everything else is basically plug and play . 1 -RRB- hook up SATA or IDE adapter to unpowered drive , 2 -RRB- power up drive , wait 10 seconds , 3 -RRB- plug USB into computer .
 I have used the USB converter for 3.5 and 2.5 IDE drives with no problems . I can not report on the SATA interface but assume it will also work . My only gripe is the poorly translated and skimpy instructions . I had to guess a little that you need to apply power to a 3.5 drive before plugging the USB into the computer . I did that and have had no problems .
 I used this product quite extensively at my work . This product works great for backing up hard drives on dead computers . It is easy to use , and is a real time saver . Works with IDE/SATA , and laptop drives , never tried it with a CD drive . I liked the product so much I purchased one for my own personal use .
 Only downside - no instructions . Still , the best -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks I 've ever spent . Very easy to use , intuitive . I had an old notebook with a fried power supply . -LSB- ... -RSB- . I needed my files . Here is what I did and it worked like a charm . 1 -RRB- . Removed drive from notebook . 2 -RRB- . Removed lots of tiny screws holding the caddy to the drive . 3 -RRB- . Had to pry female adapter off of the end of my drive to expose male pins . At first glance this adapter on my drive looked as though it was permanently attached to the drive but it was not . 4 -RRB- . Plugged my drive into the USB 2.0 to IDE & SATA cable adapter with usb cable attached that came with this kit . 5 -RRB- . Plugged usb cable to my new notebook . Bingo ! No additional power needed . I did not need anything else that came with the kit . I was able to move/copy all of the files I needed from the old drive . It worked just like any usb storage device . I am one happy camper !
 As mentioned in a previous review , for Western Digital drives try removing all jumpers instead of setting to Master . This also works for old IBM Deskstar drives -LRB- remove all jumpers -RRB- . The Sabrent adapter even worked on a few drives that an enclosure was unable to run . Drives previously deemed completely dead .
 Great idea . This adapter helps to find uses for old cd/dvd 's and harddrives . I have an HP mini and this device gives me the ability to use one of my old internal dvd 's as and external for use with the MINI . Also , your old harddrives become useful external usb storage .
 I purchased this adapter when an external hard drive of mine failed . After running some rudimentary diagnostics on the device myself -LRB- tearing it apart and looking at it -RRB- I deduced that the problem was with the USB adapter . I purchased this Sabrent converter and was immediately able to access the files on the hard drive . I was also able to access the hard drive I removed from an old laptop that was no longer functional . Both drives communicated well with this adapter and I had no problems with the set up . I recommend this product for anyone wishing for a flexible means of temporary access with an external drive .
 I am very satisfied with this product . It works exactly and described and expected . There is a hang-up on occasion of my XP system not recognizing the hard drive when I connect it using this device , but the hard drives I 'm connected to my laptop have sat in a box for a couple years now . It 's really no surprise to me . Once I reset my system , connection is typically successful and consistent . On second thought the issue may even lie with my laptop .
 I got the product quickly and in five minutes I got it connected and it flawlessly did what it was supposed to do ! I trasferred about 90 GB with it and I very happy with it !
 I am not a geek but felt like one . Well maybe a nerd . My 7 year old Dell finally succumed and I bought a new one . I thought I would simply slip in the old HD and tranfer data to the new one , WRONG ... my old one was IDE and the new one was SATA.The local store wanted $ 135 to accomplish the project.I did it for $ 20 and it was a snap . Some friends have used it also.I found that on both Maxtor and WD that I needed to remove all the jumpers . Do n't for get to right click then copy and paste files where you need them .
 Works as advertised , you wo n't need any other cable . However trying to figure out which cables go where for each drive type is only accomplished by studying some very small photos with no descriptions . Easy enough with some trial and error , but some true diagrams would have been helpful .
 As the other reviews state , it works very well for a rescue of files from a Hard Drive with operating system problems . Just follow the instructions on the little pamphlet and copy files from the problem HD to the connected computer . I disconnect the Sabrent USB-DSC5 from the `` Safely Remove Hardware '' systray option and than unplug it from the connected computer and than from the power . This last step is omitted in the instructions.If you are copying files from an infected HD with problems , scan the infected HD first , than copy files . Do n't run any programs or anything from the infected HD .
 As far as the functionality , this does exactly what I needed , which is to be able to extract data off a raw drive or put it on . I use it to upgrade the drive of a Tivo or just pull off computer data . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was that the power supply could be better integrated with the interface . Overall , a handy thing to own for any geek .
 +1 regarding this not being a permanent fixture on a desk -LRB- or sitting on a mouse pad dangling from the side of the box ... or however one chooses to approach emergency situations involving hard drives -RRB- . But - as a tool - as a sure bet way to pull trapped data from a software-corrupt but otherwise hardware-healthy disk , it 's a bargain at twice the price.I let the magic smoke out of my motherboard the other day ... -LRB- actually , the power supply went ballistic and fried the board -RRB- and when I treated myself to a new high end mobo with NO IDE ! I was a little bummed that I would lose about a year 's worth of bookmarks accumulated since the last time I thought to copy them for safekeeping . Why I did n't redirect them along with everything else to redundant storage I do n't know ... but this little gem of a converter connected me to my old system drive in all of about 30 seconds , and that 's including the time it took to hook up the drive and find a mousepad to set it on . I got more than my money 's - worth just with the little bit of insignificant data that I wanted back from my system disk . If it had been a data disk instead , the value of this product increases exponentially.Those jumper settings matter , so follow the directions and plug the sucker in . Then when you 're done , tuck it in your toolbox next to the laptop-to-IDE , the serial-to-PS2 and the AT-to-PS2 adapters , and rest easy knowing you have options.Thanks Sabrent !
 I ordered this in order to recover files from my wife 's dead laptop . After pulling the drive out of the laptop , I had it hooked up to another machine within thirty seconds , and was accessing files on the now-accessible hard drive . No computer technician should be without this tool .
 I ordered the Vantec but received this instead.I was able to save/move all the files from my old and dead PC 's drive to the new one.Well worth the $ to have my files .
 Here are the pros and cons of what i like about this product.Pros1 . small2 . compact3 . works with the cd writer and dvd burner i have.Cons1 . When you hook it up it takes a little long to find the drive or what ever you have.But it still works great !
 My Mother Board crashed and I panicked . But a computer nut friend of mine hooked me up with Amazon and a Hard drive adapter . All you do is hook it up and that was easy with the Adapter . Just hook it into the one slot in the back of your hard drive where it fits . It will only fit in one spot . Plug it into the wall power outlet . Next plug the adapter into the back of your old hard drive and then into any USB port on your NEW computer and using drag and drop or copy or send either or any of these work . Move over your files . You can then install all of your old programs into your new computer so that your files will still open up for you . Or go online and use filecure like I did to get them to transfer them into a new file that will WORK on your new system.And your off and running again ... Love it .
 My pc would n't boot . It 's my own fault . It gave me warning signs , but I ignored them . Then one day , it was just gone . But that hard drive was full of photos , documents ... history . I thought about buying one of those HDD docks to see if I could pull off the drive contents onto another machine , but then a buddy suggested I try this cable set instead . It was a lot cheaper , so I gave it a shot.Took a while for me to figure out how the pieces stuck together . -LRB- It did n't help that , until I read the drive lable , I did n't realize I had a SATA drive . -RRB- When I did get the right configuration of connections , my Win 7 laptop immediately recognized the device . However , even though it new a drive was there , it could n't read the contents . My heart dropped ... I thought I 'd lost everything.Then I started checking the connections . As it turns out , the problem was that the power cord coming out of the transformer was n't set in all the way . I seated the power cord and ... . BINGO ! I could see and touch every file on the drive.Over 5000 photos and gigs worth of work and personal data moved slowly but surely from the HDD onto my laptops drive . Definitely not fast enough to use this to extend storage on your PC , but plenty fast enough for recovering from that drive . I am 100 % satisfied .
 I 've used this to backup and restore laptops & desktop computers and while it 's not the most sturdy setup out there it certainly gets the job done ! It includes all of the accessories you will need for 2.5 '' , 3.5 '' PATA & SATA drives . Others have had the power brick die on them , mine is still alive and kicking and it 's been used quite a bit ; I typically leave drives plugged in for days at a time when doing backups and have n't have issues yet.If you need excellent build quality , look elsewhere . If you need cheap and good enough to get the job done , this will work for you .
 I bought this item in the hope that it would help me rescue my files from an old Seagate `` Ultra '' ATA after my ancient G4 PowerMac refused to boot up . Using these cables , it took mere seconds to plug my hard drive into my Windows machine -LRB- running Vista -RRB- . My computer recognized the drive , and it took a few minutes to initialize it and get Windows to recognize it . But , my progress came to a halt when Windows refused to open the drive without reformatting it , which would defeat the purpose of salvaging the files.I 'm fairly certain this issue came about because I was trying to use a drive formatted for Apple with a Windows machine . So , I rebooted in Ubuntu to see if the drive would be more accessible . As soon as I plugged the drive in , It showed up as `` Macintosh HD , '' and everything was there ! I did n't have to fiddle with any software , and within an hour , I had backed up almost 40 gigs of files.Pros
 1st and most importantly , I am a non-technical person . Last week the computer died leaving me with back-ups that were not quite recent enough . -LRB- Lesson learned ! -RRB- Tried this soluton to recover my files and I sat with mouth agape as I was able to drag and drop folders , files , photos , videos , music and a host of other things that I feared would be gone forever . To say that I am satisfied does not even begin to cover the extent of my relief!Sabrent USB-DSC5 Serial ATA or IDE 2.5 - / 3.5-Inch to USB 2.0 Cable Converter Adapter with Power Supply
 I could n't get this device to work under Mac OS X or WindowsXP , gave up and called for a return authorization ... but the support person told me this
 This is not meant to be a long-term , set it on your desk , solution . Its a quick cable to transfer data off a hard drive or between hard drives for an upgrade . I 've used this with SATA , IDE and laptop IDE . All worked great . I was able to plug the USB device into either my Windows or Mac computers . Very happy with this product!Its great for cases where a laptop gets destroyed , yet the hard drive is fine . I know someone who spilled water on their laptop , and pretty much fried it . But the hard drive was fine . Using this device I copied the hard drive files to her new computers.I 've owned devices in the past that can do this , but the 3-in one interface setup is awesome .
 I 'm nonplussed at reviews mentioning how it 's being used as a full-time connector for a SATA or IDE drive . It 's clearly not aimed at that market at all . This is a kit designed for rescue / recovery operations of someone else 's HDD . Case in point
 Kudos to the other reviewer who pointed out the difference between Western Digital Drives and others . The instructions make NO mention of this at all.Here is the step by step procedure that I followed and it worked perfectly on a Win XP machine :1 . Attach the power supply to an outlet and plug into the hard drive 's 4-pin power receptacle .2 . Attach the IDE adapter to the hard drive .3 . Plug the USB into the computer.If you plug the USB in first , then the IDE to the drive , you have to take the USB out and plug it back in for it to recognize the drive.Drive select should be Master for drives other than Western Digital.No jumper at all for Western Digital devices .4 stars for the stupid instructions and complete lack of website mention of this as well . Other than that it works fine .
 what makes this better than other ones i 've seen in its class is that it has lights . the adapter will tell you when the hard drive is connected via USB successfully . it also tells you if there is hard disk activity on the IDE or SATA hard drive . I do n't use the 1.8-inch hard drive feature , but I 'm glad its there if I ever need it . I might need to rescue my iPod hard drive one day ! It works great on my old iMac running Mac OS X 10.4 -LRB- Tiger -RRB- .
 It just figures . Before this item became available , I had bought several of the single function products like : - USB to IDE -LRB- 3.5 '' -RRB- - USB to IDE -LRB- 2.5 '' notebook drive -RRB- - USB to SATASo far it works great.No problems.Faster interface than having to mount the hd into an external chassis.I am glad I have it.A real timesaver .
 I needed to get all my documents , music , pictures , etc. off a laptop that had died . I popped out the hard drive , plugged everything in . Vista immediately identified the new drive , and I copied over the files I wanted to save . Could n't be easier.I was looking at other solutions that would have made me plug into the motherboard , etc. . No way . This is much easier and could go straight to my new laptop instead of plugging into my desktop.It was n't the fastest thing in the world , but it just simply worked . No hassles , no errors , no fuss.Great product for a really great price .
 Pros
 Best investment I ever made . I was able to recover 65G of digital pictures spanning the last 10 years from a dead external hard drive . Was easy to do and I still am able to use the hard drive , by using this SATA cable .
 This hooks up to my IDE and SATA drives . While not a replacement for an enclosed , external hard drive , it sure works well enough to get some files off of various drives now and again . It is a little quirky ... must plug in BEFORE you attach the USB ... but I have used it successfully with different types of drives .
 I ca n't begin to explain how much I needed this . My laptop suddenly died and would not come on anymore . It was getting pretty old and I was needing a new computer anyway . I was able to extract the hard drive from my laptop and capture all my files off of it -LRB- photos , music , documents , videos -RRB- . I thought I would have to pay an arm and a leg to get a company to so it . I could n't be happier with it . I have even used it a few times to help out my friends .
 This is a good product for any one who works with computers . Saves me time from opening up and installing a HDD so i can retrieve data . USB is hot swappable , for those who do not know , so you can plug and go . One note
 needed this item for a computer crime and forensic class . I then used it to retrieve old data from various hard drives
 I 've used this product off and on for about a year now and it has everything I need to access both 2.5 and 3.5 PATA and SATA hard drives . I can also use it to watch movies via DVD players from another computer -LRB- my laptop 's DVD player wo n't read or play anything -RRB- . One thing I would change would be to make the power cord longer .
 I use these things to save files , folders , Pics & settings from computers that are old or that have crashed or died . If the the Hard Drive is still able to be brought up the files can be transfered to another folder or thumb drive and computer info and files can be pretty much restored to the new or repaired machine .
 was looking for power adapter for a internal dvd drive and man this works great with my ihas driveKudos
 The shipping of this device was very good . The product came before it 's due date . . It was very easy to use . . And it done everything it was claimed to do ... Only thing I did not care for that the drive gets very warm . . you will need a fan set up if you plan on using it as a permanent drive . . I also have another one from a differnt make and it dose the same thing ...
 Super great . Our Windows OS crashed and was completely un-bootable . Using this cable and power adapter I was able to plug in the hard drive externally to my Mac through the USB port and get all of our photos and files ! Worked very well .
 I bought this to get some data of an external hard drive onto my computer . It worked well , and has continued to do so with intermittent use since then . Pretty happy .
 I bought this unit in 2009 - and though I rarely write reviews , I just had to jump on and say that this device has bailed me out consistently . I 've used this kit a lot - an estimated 50-ish times . I 'm that `` he knows how to fix computers '' guy for friends and family , and I find myself needing to access a drive on a different machine quite often.I use it for hard drive upgrades -LRB- making a copy to the new drive using Acronis True Image and this device on USB -RRB- . Works great . I also use it to recover files from partially bad or dying drives . You can also plug drives in for diagnosis , including IDE , SATA , 5.25 '' CD/DVD , whatever . Tonight it was a laptop from a high school that needed a replacement drive , which took about 30 minutes from start to finish , including Win7 image.The build quality is just OK , but if you are careful with it , it will last -LRB- mine has survived well -RRB- . The external power supply takes the fear of power issues out of the equation as well.Overall , a solid economical choice for one of the ` must have ' tools in the geek 's bag of tricks .
 This product worked as advertised . Everything connected up fine and I had instantaneous access to files from a SATA hard drive pulled from a desktop PC which went belly up . Note you will need to take administrative ownership of files or folders if you get an `` Access Denied Error '' , so see this Microsoft Windows tutorial to get you around that hurdle http://support.microsoft.com/kb/308421.I give this tool 4 stars ONLY because the included directions are very sparse about what to do after you connect up .
 I have attached both SATA and IDE , desktop and laptop hard drives , internal DVD drives to computers . I even attached them to a MAC laptop . I 've never had a problem , everything has worked every time .
 i have been using this daily for months never failed and always worked i bought this to replace the old .
 I use to have to unmount and remount devices in a seperate computer just to trouble shoot them . Now I can just hook this up to help check for bad device , cable or motherboard ... Used it on both ide and sata , harddrive and cd/dvd drive.I also ordered a ' 40-Pin Male to Female IDE Extension Cable ' . I had to use it for dvd recorders I tested because the power port is right next to the i/o port and the Sabrent partialy blocks it . Works just fine.Glad someone came out with this . Also this does have lights showing both usb and device activety.The 40-pin ide extension cable is currently listed -LSB- ... -RSB-
 If you do n't know how to use one of these , there are several great demonstrations on YouTube . My favorite is USB Hard drive Adapter IDE or SATA by PCaddictslive.com . This adapter sure beats having to wait for a computer tech to get your files from an old hard drive ! After watching a demonstration how to hook it up to a hard drive -LRB- and how to remove a hard drive from a computer -RRB- on YouTube , I am now wondering why I did n't think of buying one of these ages ago ! I 'm a 60-year-old non-computer geek . If I can do it , so can you ! : - -RRB-
 Works perfectly ! Affordable and easy way to connect your old hard drive to any computer with a USB port . Mine arrived a day after ordering and I was able to retrieve all the files from my old drive .
 Arrived on time . It is easy to use and convenient . Good product and price . Will recommend to friends . It can be used on sata or Ide drives .
 This product is great if you want to recover data off a SATA drive for under 20 bucks . I needed to get data off my old laptop hard drive when the motherboard crashed and managed to do so without any hassle . I ca n't see using this product for permanently hooking up a drive to your computer , however , so it 's more or less meant for inexpensive data recovery .
 I purchased this converter to be able to access some old IDE drives in my garage . This is a perfect addition for a computer tech shop . I have used it with Windows XP , MAC OS-X -LRB- Leopard -RRB- , and Ubuntu Linux and it worked like a charm . I also used the device very successfully with two different `` live '' recovery CD 's . Both System-Rescue-CD and Ultimate-Boot-CD-4-Windows work great without the need for any drivers . I was able to access disks with partitions containing DOS , NTFS , Linux LVM , Linux RAID , and many other FS types without any problem and recover their content . When I use the converter , I usually first hook it up to the drive , then power the drive up using the brick , then hook the USB to the PC , then power up the PC . I also always make sure that the disks drive-select is on MASTER -LRB- as indicated in the little manual that comes with it -RRB- . Just remember that the intended use of this converter is not a permanent , high-speed disk interface , but rather a recovery and salvage tool . Highly recommended .
 I had an old 2.5 IDE hdd from a laptop that had crashed , and I needed to get the information off of it . Rather than spend 50 dollars on a dock that only reads IDE drives , I instead came across and purchased this cable set . It works like a charm , and a few of my friends have even borrowed it to recover their own lost information . A great product in which I will surely use in the future , especially because it includes the SATA interface as well .
 Handy collection of cables and connectors that allowed me to salvage data off a 2.5 '' hard drive . Instructions are sparse .
 Product works excellent . I hope a fire wire version comes out soon . I can use this Sabrent USB-DSC5 for my internal hard drives and make them work as external.Sabrent USB-DSC5 Serial ATA or IDE 2.5 - / 3.5-Inch to USB 2.0 Cable Converter Adapter with Power Supply
 This has been a life saver when trying to get info out of dead computers
 I was able to recover data from hard drives that I saved from recent and long deceased computers , even one that succumbed from a failure to see the hard drive . This is a handy device and the price makes it a `` must own '' for anyone willing to crack the box to make repairs .
 Kit worked perfectly out of the box.I tested four different brands -LRB- including Maxxtor and Western Digital -RRB- everyone of them worked without any problem , an old -LRB- er -RRB- samsung needed the `` boot up '' sequence already reported by other reviewers -LRB- power-IDE-USB -RRB- . All in all a very inexpensive solution on multi hard drives swap .
 I needed this to retrieve data off a Acer laptop that would not boot . Removed the hard drived connected it the device and removed the virus from the drive using my pc .
 This is a must have tool for people needing to transfer data from other drives , or add software from a drive to netbooks . I have it hooked to my Acer Aspire One as I write this.I work on computers and all consumer electronics , and this gem is one of those adapters that I ca n't do without.Excellent shielding on the USB cord -LRB- it 's clear , you may see it ! -RRB- and status LEDs on the adapter module make operation a no-brainer . Highly recommended , and if there were a 10-star rating , this adapter would get it.Charles
 I 've had 4 of these devices over the last 9 years . They are indispensable . This is my first adapter from Sabrent , and , so far , I am pleased with the product.I love Sabrent 's adapters . Among other things , I had some of their USB to PS/2 dongles to connect PCs with no PS/2 ports to older KVM switches and the adapters worked flawlessly.This item works great as well . I 've used it to mount hard drives and DVD drives in XP , Vista , Server 2003 Standard , Server 2008 Data Center , Ubuntu , and OpenSolaris , and it has worked flawlessly every time . I 've only used it with Intel chipsets so far , but I imagine other chipsets will work just fine .
 The Sabrent SATA/IDE to USB adapater works like it should without any issues . It 's a pretty straightforward process of connecting the proper adapter end to your hard drive and connecting the usb end to your computer . -LRB- Do n't forget to connect the power too . -RRB- I have n't used this model much or for that long , but from what I 've seen so far , it 's seems fairly reliable , albeit , generic looking . Then again , it 's meant to be a tool , not a neat computer accessory .
 I agree with the comments on the lack of instructions . Overall , it was a pretty effective low-cost solution for retrieving data off of a hard drive that was no longer mounted in a computer .
 Works as expected . Directions are sorely lacking though . Would have been rated 5 stars otherwise .
 Our computer died . I pulled the hard drive out of it and used this thing to connect it to our new computer to get some files off of it . I was worried because this thing was cheaper than the other stuff for sale . not worried now this is a good product . hellah simple to use effectively and it comes in a nice box . Paid $ 3 for shipping from tiger direct and it was on my front porch 3 days later .
 I agree with those who have said that this is n't a device you 'd want to use on a regular basis -- it 's a rescue device . But it 's a _ nice _ rescue device.If a computer -LRB- especially a notebook computer -RRB- fails and you need to extract the information from the hard drive , you can use this device to temporarily mount the hard drive on another computer , without having to open the working computer 's case or muck with its configuration . I bought it to salvage a few key files from my dead notebook , and it worked like a charm . It 's definitely going in the toolbox .
 I plugged in the adapter and the power cord to an old hard drive and it worked marvelously ! This is very convenient compared to swapping computers -LRB- I can just hook up hard drives instead -RRB- . Also , the speed is great and much faster than sending files over the network . Overall , for the price and functionality I could n't be more satisfied .
 Great Product !!!! Absolutely amazing , really super fast speeds . For some old computers you might need the Power Supply , otherwise a USB 2.0 port can supply enough power for the HD . I 've used both , 80 Gb and 320 Gb ATA-100 2.5 '' HD to trasnfer files for a HD upgrade on my computer . Connectors work like a charm , you 'll see it on your computer as a external portable HD.The only problem is that the instruction manual does n't tell you much , you 'll have to figure out for yourself how to use the connectors and the power supply , but it 's not that difficult.I greatly recommend this product for anyone who wants to transfer files from an old HD o use the old HD as a portable one .
 My main PC died and was unable to boot and I needed to get the data off of it . My new PC did n't have room to slave in a couple of extra drives . And my old PC had both SATA and IDE type drives.This setup worked perfect for me . It allowed me to hook up both types of drives as if they were external hard drives with no problem . It has ports for smaller notebook style drives too I think but I did n't need to test that but I can only assume that it would work just as well .
 I recently had a cpu overheat and the motherboard went with it . There were two 80GB drives in the case that had years of work on them . While I could have gotten an enclosure that looks very nice and does the same thing , I was n't willing to spend over 3 times what the Sabrent adapter costs . As I write this review , the second of the two drives is transferring to the new computer without a single problem.This also gives me several other old drives to re-format and use as external storage . No more trash sitting in a box , these are functional drives again!Just do n't expect to have this sitting out for presentations . It 's bare bones , but you get a very simple to use device to recover your data .
 This does exactly what it is supposed to . I was able to access the drive on my pc without even having to remove it from the case . It is not a long term solution but can be a life saver in the event of a system crash .
 As soon as I opened it up it was clear how to use it . Plugged my naked hard drive into it , plugged the power in , and plugged the USB into my computer and voila , it shows up as a drive on my XP machine . Great item to have handy .
 This adapter is FUSSY about cable connection timing ! One eccentricity I found with my laptop was that XP did not install the adapter 's driver correctly with a SATA drive attached until the drive was jumpered down to 1.5-gigabit data rate . That being said , I currently have it running an exhaustive drive test on a Seagate SATA drive , and it is communicating at the 3-gigabit data rate with no problems . I 'd say this is one of the better $ 20 tools I 've ever purchased .
 works easy and quickly , just trying to see if I can also boot from the devices via this usb device . I have used a dvd-rw drive , 2 ide , and 1 sata hard drive all worked effortlessly .
 Yesterday , I ordered overnight shipping on this , then decided to read the reviews today once it arrived since the instructions were n't all that great . I was worried with all the negative reviews that talked about smoking hard drives . I could n't afford to lose my hard drive -LRB- and was sad to think I 'd paid higher shipping if I wanted to return it -RRB- . Then I read the good reviews and thought it might work for me too . My husband tried it on his broken laptop hard drive first and it worked with ease . It took me some time to get my hard drive out of my desk top , but once I did , we figured out which cable ends would work for it -LRB- SATA -RRB- and it worked great . So happy ! My data is safe and now I 'm wiping out the hard drive to re-install Windows . My husband already has his Windows up and running on his laptop . Yay!I 'm just giving it 4 stars since the directions are n't all that clear or complete .
 Works as described ... after a little detective work with the choice of connectors and sparse manual . Update
 This is a great tool for hard drive cloning . I recommend this to anyone who performs computer maintenance or upgrades .
 I had a couple of hard drives in computers that would no longer turn on . It worked as promised to hook them up to a working computer and retrieve the data .
 This was very easy to use and I love it . I had a laptop die a few years ago . I knew the hard drive was good but never had a way to get the info off of it other than taking it to a big store and paying over $ 100 + to have them copy it . This product is reasonably priced , covers most if not all connections that would be needed to access any hard drive and it soooo easy to use . You just plug the hard drive into the proper side and the usb connection to your computer and it shows just like an external drive . I had been considering tossing the old hard drive but Im so glad I kept it because I now have the pictures and files I couldnt access before .
 I purchased the Sabrent USB Hard Drive Adapter to access files on my hard drive after my laptop died . Installation was as easy as 1-2-3 ... -LRB- 1 -RRB- took it out of the packaging , -LRB- 2 -RRB- attached adapter to IDE drive , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- plugged into USB . Not even a minute later , it was ready to use . I highly recommend this product even for the layperson that 's not really comfortable with computer hardware .
 This product works as expected . I have ordered two and am very pleased . Power cord to the power brick is cheap and flimsy but who does n't have a billion standard computer power cables lying around to replace it with . Just do n't understand how you can get a product that offers so much for so little money ... excellent .
 This really helped me go through about a half dozen hard drives I had removed or bought and made it easy to clean them up or save info from them.Wish there was a troubleshoot website or document if the HDD is not readable or is not working.Highly recommend it . Great working and great price .
 Okay , I 've been loosing hard drives like crazy over the past couple of years . I recently set up a raid configuration on a computer I 'm using for a server . I lost the HD with the OS on it . I bought this to recover the raid drives . This thing works like a charm on both my Mac and the PC -LRB- Vista -RRB- . I have n't recovered the OS drive yet but I 'm thinking this is going to be a snap . The wires are definitely not for permanent use like stated in other reviews . For drive recovery this set up is the bomb !
 To be cautious , I first tried this on a hard drive that had crashed on my old laptop . After plugging the IDE connector to the HD , I found the power adapter could n't be plugged in . I went ahead & plugged the USB connector into my newer laptop running Win . XP & the drive powered up & was recognized as expected . This HD had been in a box since 2003 , but I was able to read the directory & add files to it ! Now , on to my need for help . I intend to use the Sabrent kit to share an external HD between my older & newer laptops . My older laptop runs Win . 98SE & I have no intention of upgrading the operating system . The Sabrent instructions indicated a driver was necessary for their product to work with Win . 98SE . I plugged the HD into the older laptop & Win . 98SE proceeded to install the hardware & software . But a suitable driver was not found . So , does anyone know where I can download this needed driver -LRB- or could it perhaps be on the Win . 98SE install CD which I will probably put in & try - but I 'm not hopeful -RRB- ? I rated this product 4 because of the minimal instructions .
 The kit worked first time and allowed me to transfer files from an old 2TB disk to my new computer . As other reviewers have noted , this kit does not provide an enclosure which was no concern to me doing a one off file transfer .
 This worked very well with a 40GB laptop IDE hard drive -LRB- sister-in-law 's dead laptop -RRB- . Plugged drive into the USB adaptor , connected the power adapter , then plugged into my computer -LRB- Vista 64-bit -RRB- . Windows detected it and I was able to backup the files from the laptop drive to my computer . The price was reasonable , contains all of the cables I would need if I were a novice needing to do it for myself . I will be putting it to good use in the very near future for other family members I 'm sure !
 My Pc broke down a while ago and I needed something to get all my music , movies , and other files . I was looking around and came upon this item ... When i first got it i had trouble getting it to work , but then I looked at some of the other reviews and it helped a lot . Im glad I finally got this thing . The only problem i would have is that mine came used and with no instructions , plus the company website did not have anything referring to this item .
 Plug and play simplicity ! I used it right out of the box to save hundreds of dollars of music from a 2.5 inch laptop drive . As noted by another buyer , there was no need to use power adapter for 2.5 inch drive . I plugged my old mac laptop drive in and attached the usb to my new laptop for quick easy transfer . My new laptop immediately recognized the external drive and I was even able to run Disk Utility to erase the drive creating a portable drive for later use . I have n't used it on a 3.5 drive since i have no need to do so ... yet .
 this is a definite must-have for any rescue kit . I picked this up the moment I saw it because I have saved several people 's computers by hooking their drives up to external enclosures meant for slightly more permanent installations.It 's particularly useful to use this kit to hook a virus infected drive up to my laptop as a secondary drive and use my computer 's virus scanner . the scanner will not be smart enough to dig into the actual registry and startup commands on the infected drive , but will find all the actual executables , and remove them , so when I reinstall the drive back , in-situ , I clear a few warning messages , and run a virus scan which will find all the startup references , free from interference from anything previously running on the system
 Worked exactly for what I wanted to use it for which was to delete/wipe an old drive and use it as a new storage device.I use windows 7 , 64bit
 Hello , My old computer and laptop broke so I need to retrieve old files , so I bought this thing . It worked great , no problems . recommend . oh , and it 's cheap in price .
 I purchased this as my laptop died and I wanted to use my drives , 250g and 350g . Works fine with both and my 3.5 drives laying around . I think it is important when using this device to hookup the cables assure the drive has reached spin speed before hooking it usb cable to the computer.h
 It is a very convenient and useful device . Especially if you are dealing with old or new internal HD 's . I used it to retrieve data from about 5-6 years old Hitachi 60GB laptop HD . Worked very well.In windows explorer appears as separate drive.I would recommend it if you need to retrieve data from internal HD 's as an alternative to docking station that are bit more expensive .
 I am a drive killer - sometimes an operating system killer . This has been a life saver for me . When your other hardware fails a kit like this is often the only way to recover files from a hard drive . It 's been absolutely invaluable.UPDATE 1 YEAR LATERThis cable has n't seen a lot of use in the past 6 months but when I tried to connect to 4 different drives last night none of them would mount . I ca n't imagine that all 4 of these drives died at the same time and I do n't have a a 2nd computer to try it from but I suspect it 's the connector that has died . Kinda bummed cause I needed to do some backups . I just ended up using Dropbox online backup in the interim .
 This kit is good , but different IDE hard drives , DVD and CD drives are labeled less well than this equipment . As such , the overall user experience would benefit from instructions and advice on how to connect to unlabeled or incorrectly labeled equipment.I had an old internal Pioneer DVD-R drive with an unoriented molex connector . I attached the connector in the wrong polarity and the drive slowly started smoking and burned out ; a total loss . Be certain to understand your equipment 's eccentricities before making all final connections.However , this connector did help me successfully copy info off of the 4 other IDE internal hard drives , taken from old computers going back to 1997 . I was able to move all the data to a new external terabyte drive and reformat all the old IDE drives with the latest Mac HFS + file system .
 I am very happy that i purchased this HDD adapter . it saves me butt loads of time when im working on my friends ' computers . Since you are looking at this product , you are probably `` that guy '' everyone turns to when they break something , like myself . Not only does this device save me time , but also saves me from dismantling my computer to plug in an extra hard drive , and risking shorting out a component or breaking anything off .
 Needed something to look through a dozen old IDE drives for some scans I did 10 years ago . This device did the job at a great price . I will say that , with no instructions at all , it did take me a few minutes to figure out what cables fit where , but after I connected it , it worked just fine . This is for temporary connection of drives and IMHO you should n't expect to have a drive connected to this for more than a day or two .
 I just received this an hour ago and it has already made it MORE than worth the price to me . Connections were very simple -- it immediately recognized 3 old IDE hard drives I was trying to retrieve data from . Well okay , not immediately for an old Seagate drive that indicated it needed a jumper in place to designate it as a master drive and it did n't work that way -- my other drives said to remove to jumper to act as a master , so I removed it for this one too and it immediately recognized it ! This is my new FAVORITE purchase ! I love it ! Just remember to set it as a `` master '' drive and it should work great !
 I do computer repair work on the side for friends and relatives . I have n't come across a drive this thing would n't handle . This product has performed reliably for a couple of years now . Inexpensive and works well , what more could you ask for ?
 I 'm a 22 + year veteran at building and repairing systems from Windows based pc 's to macs and all flavors of laptops . I must say that this is an invaluable device to have in your toolkit . I originally purchased it to back up data off of laptop drives . However , a few months back I had a mac mini drive with the `` tick of death '' that would not boot -LRB- nor could I access the data -RRB- after trying the old freezer trick and various disk utilities.I attached the drive to another mac via this device and was able to copy the data files off without a hitch . Although I never could repair the tick of death at least the data was recovered.Tip
 My application is n't too exotic or complicated but it worked perfectly for the reason I bought it . My old computer crashed due to a power surge and would not boot . I had two IDE drives in it -LRB- one from an even older computer -RRB- full of my family 's stuff -LRB- pictures , music , MS Office docs , etc. -RRB- I bought a new computer only to find it did n't even have connections for this type of drive . This device allowed me to access my old drives and transfer all the files via USB to my new computer . It even worked through a few bad sectors on the drives . Since then I have also used it on other old drives with the same success .
 Reviewed various other types and decided this was probably the best . I was n't wrong . Had no problems hooking this up and XP detected it right away . Been able to transfer files and backed up my system . Also just to see if it would hold up to long term use , I watched 2 movies back to back from my external drive thru this and it never gave me any problems . I already told a few techies at work and I know they already purchased one .
 I just received this on Thursday Night and I 'm just testing it Saturday @ 3:54 pm . So far so good , before I purchase products , I just picked up this habit of reading reviews . I realize that the best way to really find out about a product is to BUY IT YOURSELF . But if you see the product is RATED 1 more than RATE 5 ... . There 's a PROBLEM ! GREAT PRODUCT
 I use this with my laptop to read from some older SATA and IDE drives . It worked flawlessly . I had some 250GB SATA drives and an 80GB IDE drive in a computer with a dead mobo . I 've since bought a laptop and so did n't want to repair the old one , but I wanted the data on the drives . I hooked them up and they worked without a hitch without installing ANY DRIVERS ! And , especially for the price , I ca n't recommend this product enough . VERY NICE !!!
 The 1.8 '' Hitachi TravelStar -LRB- 60GB -RRB- was the drive Apricorn included in the EZBus Mini -LRB- 60GB -RRB- that I purchased five or six years ago . Two days ago that drive failed . Of course I had no backup , of course I had a ton of data on it , and of course I needed it restored asap . I pulled the EZBus Mini apart and notice that the cable connecting the USB A plug to the header was nearly pinched off . I hoped it was just the USB cable . Tried repairing myself . No joy . Kept trying to mount the drive -LRB- insert/pull the USB connecter -RRB- . Started imagining I heard the drive scratching the platters , started imagining that I heard the read/write heads dislodged . Started freaking out . Went searching for adapters to troubleshoot / isolate the PCB adapter in the EZ Bus Mini Enclosure -LRB- the PCB marries the USB to the IDE interface of the drive . I found this and ordered it immediately -LRB- mostly because it had such great reviews -RRB- . Those reviews are well founded
 It 's not pretty ... but it works . Moving data off an old drive as I sit here typing on Amazon.The pieces of wire and connectors come in a non-descript cardboard box with a 3 `` x4 '' instruction `` sheet '' on how to format your drive . That 's NOT what I wanted this to do for me.If you 're familiar with the innards of a computer and feel comfortable handling components then you 'll do fine with this kit.It literally is a box of wires and connectors but if you prefer function over form , this is all you 'll need to read that HDD collecting dust on your bookcase .
 I use this for doing file transfers between PC 's . it works great for both IDE & SATA transfers . with 2.5 '' to 5.25 '' Drives . It is great value for what I paid for it !
 The kit came complete , worked on the first attempt , and allowed me to copy off some critical data . I was looking for a quick way of completing periodic backups of 100GB or more WITHOUT cracking open the machine each time . Mission accomplished .
 I love this product . I use a lot of external hard drives and this made it so easy for me . With both the SATA and IDE adapter , I can easily swap out my external hard drives without using an external case
 it took me about 30 minutes to figure out how to access all the files but once i did everything went smooth . one thing i dont like about it is when i plug it in it in sometimes it doesnt read the hard drive , ill have to unplug it and put it in a different usb port a few times till it pops up .
 This is not a full blown HDD enclosure but works great for occasional use of transferring data to your HDD.I have used this many times to transfer about 15 gigs of data to my external 750 GB WD 3.5 inch SATA Hard drive from my MacBook Pro.Unless you have super-efficient air conditioning at your place , do n't make your HDD run for more than 20 mins with this SATA adapter . It will make the drive hot which will slower the data transfer and can damage the drive as well.The product says it works with 2.5 inch drive as well - but I have n't put that to the test .
 I was VERY pleaseed with the enitire purchase process and the product.What a great tool !
 The product works perfectly and is very simple to use . Now I can access all of my hard drives from any of my PC 's , including my laptop .
 Works flawlessly as advertised with both my PC and my MACS - great little lifesaver when the ports on external drives or the internal boards on externals bite the dust . Just remove drive from enclosure and if the drive is not fried . Hook up adapter , apply power and your good to go . I also use it to back up data to old drives from PC 's that I have scrapped .
 I 've owned and used the manufacturers predecessor to this product , which was a simple IDE to USB adapter with a power supply , for many years.I recently had to recover an SATA drive and did n't have a good way of doing the same thing . So when I found this product I eagerly bought it since it was from the same manufacturer as the one I currently own . I could n't be happier with it.I would highly recommend this product -LRB- and have -RRB- to anyone.The older model is still working and I 've owned and loaned it out for many years , so if this lasts even half as long , it was worth the relatively low price .
 I hooked up this device to an old IDE HDD , started up my PC , and the disk was recognized with no trouble at all . I then shutdown , disconnected , hooked up my SATA HDD , started , connected to USB and like it was nothing this new drive was recognized . No problems . True to form . All went perfect.Such a simple concept yet this product is the only one that has worked for me .
 For the price of typical cable or power supply , this is a fantastic tool . While one of our engineers said there were some drives that did n't work -LRB- thus only 4 stars -RRB- , I 've had great luck with it . I used it to copy a laptop drive -- no surprise there . But how cool is this
 I purchased this product after my laptop hard drive crashed . I was able to hook it up to the old SATA drive and recover my data!The only thing I can say negatively about this product is that is has way too many wires , and the instructions leave a bit to be desired .
 I got a virus on my computer which I was running Windows XP on and I was unable to load windows . I purchased a new computer running Windows 7 Home edition and wanted to retrieve the files off my SATA hard drives that were in my computer that had XP on it . A friend of mine told me Windows 7 would recognize the hard drives out of my old computer if I got an enclosure and plugged them in . I purchased this to use instead of an external enclosure since I had several HD 's to get my old files off of . I hooked this baby up to my old hard drive and plugged it into the USB port and away I went . It recognized the drive and I am going to be able to get all my info off the old drives . It recognized the drives immediately and loaded the drivers for them automatically . The only thing I found to be weak was the fact the directions are not good , still it only took me about 1 minute to figure out how to hook up and use this device . I would highly recommend this . I read the reviews and decided to take a chance and purchase . I am VERY pleased with it . It is well made and will work with and IDE or SATA drives . My old drives were WD SATA drives and I am going to reformat them and install them in my new computer as soon as I have all the info taken off them I want . This is a great system and it is very easy and fast to change between HD 's without having to take in and out of an external enclosure . Just unplug the power cord from the drive , unplud the sata cable and unplug from USB port , plug power into another HD , plug sata cable into HD and then plug into USB port and away you go . Great price and fast shipping from Amazon , thanks Amazon !!!!
 This is the perfect little tool for that hard drive recovery you need to do , and it has other functions as well.What you get : - USB to IDE interface . It even has plugs for both regular and laptop -LRB- 3.5 or 2.5 -RRB- drives.-Power cables , with adapters to suit any drive.-SATA plugs , so you can even rescue CD or DVD drives as well as hard disks.How easy is it to use ? I was recovering a laptop hard drive . I just slapped on the USB adapter , plugged it in to a free USB slot on my computer -LRB- running Vista -RRB- , and it worked . No muss , no fuss . Your experience might not be quite so smooth - you might actually have to plug in one or two more things if you drive needs power - but you get the idea . Ridiculously simple and straightforward for any drive.If what you want is a quick way to recover a hard drive , or a universal kit you can keep on hand to quickly set up any hard drive or CD/DVD drive you might encounter , you 've found the perfect product . Simple to use , with sturdy construction , and it 's reasonably priced . The cables even have decent reach , so hookup is always simple.A lot of people complain that this package is a mess of wires . This product clearly is what it is - a rescue / recovery package for drives . The hardware is built tough so you could leave it plugged in permanently if you wanted , but if you want a permanent installation , get a real IDE cable and get your drive plugged in right . This is a perfect little `` field kit '' for rescuing drives , no more no less .
 I got this device mostly to zero out older hard drives . I hooked it up first to a 6GB IDE drive and to a USB 1 port on an older computer . Once I figured out the jumpers for Master mode on the IDE drive it started right up and I saw the activity light flash . After about 30 seconds of browsing around , though , the Finder locked up and stayed locked until I pulled the plug . I could never get past zeroing about 20 % of the drive no matter how many times I restarted.Switching to a computer with USB 2 made all the problems go away .
 I had high hopes for this device . Had a computer that was eat up with Trojans , Malware and the like and would not boot into windows . Installed the device to the hard drive and to my laptop computer via USB , windows said it recognized , all appropriate lights came on , hard drive spun , could not access via My Computer or anywhere else . Apparently will not recognize . Very disappointing . * Revised . Figured it out and it worked great , saved a computer hard drive .
 Recently , I got hit by lighting in my house killing one of my hard drives . The pictures of my daughter were in there and I thought I was going to lose everything.I ordered this little tool and used it to retrieve the data from that bad drive.Overall , I got this because of its versatility , it accepts :3.5 IDE drives3 .5 SATA drives2 .5 '' SATA drivesIt 's a great little device.It 's really two cables . The first is an adapter from IDE/SATA to USB and the second is a power supply to power up a drive.This is most definitely not a permanent solution - for that try a hard drive enclosure likeAntec MX-100 3.5-Inch USB Aluminum Enclosure for SATA Hard Drivebut if you need to triage a drive , apply an image to a hard drive or something like that -- this is a MUST HAVE tool.It saved the pictures of my toddler.To prevent that from happening in the future I 'm getting thisWestern Digital ShareSpace 4 TB 4-Bay Gigabit Ethernet Network Attached Storage with RAID 5 - WDA4NC40000N - it 's redundant storage that makes loosing data much harder.This little tool comes in a neat little box that 's reusable - so do n't throw it away when you get it - just store the mangle of little cables in there - ready to help you save somebody 's data .
 Installation is easy , functions great , just make sure the plug in sequence is correct . If you do n't power the drive before it is hooked up it will not recognize . This unit works great to get data off drives that have been removed from the computer . It is not packaged for continued use , but for what it is designed for it is good .
 I bought this from amazon and just got it yesterday and this cable is great . i had a old computer that broke down and wouldnt work so i took the hard drive form that computer and hook it up to this cable , no problem , matter fact i was able to transfer everything i had to my new computer with ease . Every tech should have this in handy , trust me its worth it
 This is right up there with my portable scanner in terms of the amount of headache and heartache it 's saved me over the years . For reasons I 'm not entirely clear on , laptops in my possession seem to be extremely prone to damage , including corruption of the disk bootable sector , power system damage , screen and video failure , etc. . I 've only had one hard drive actually rendered unusable by these failures in the last 7 years . While I agree with other posters who note that this really is n't suitable for long-term external-drive use , it 's an invaluable rescue tool and orders of magnitude less of a pain than extracting the laptop hard disk and using a 40-44 pin IDE adaptor to wire it into my desktop as a secondary drive -LRB- which also , needless to say , does n't work well for SATA drives -RRB- . Instead , I extract the drive , attach the appropriate power and data connectors , and download whatever I need . The only negative observation , aside from the fundamentally jury-rigged setup , is that it can be somewhat finicky about the order in which the power and data connectors are connected . I would recommend this product for pretty much any serious laptop owner .
 I do computer work for a living , so using this device was a snap . The instructions included , though , should help anyone figure out how to use this . So far I 've used it to pull data from my partially-fried SATA laptop HD and a friend 's old desktop PC IDE 3.5 '' HD . Piece of cake . Great price , too . Be warned when checking out similar items - not all of them include an AC power adapter . The one included in this one works very nicely and includes adapters to attach to any SATA and IDE 2.5 and 3.5 inch hard drive .
 Great tool for accessing bare drives from any computer with a USB connection . I have tested this unit on IDE drives , SATA drives , 2.5 '' drives and CD drives . Was able to back up data from a 2.5 '' laptop drive and reformat it . Also was able to image a SATA drive from a dead desktop.Comes with every connector that I have needed so far and is fast enough for the uses that it is intended for .
 this thing is great . hooked it up to a ide hard drive , worked like a charm . just had to format the hard drive and then i used it as an external now . i also hooked up a SATA dvd Burner and it work great .
 I had some old IDE drives laying around and wanted to get data off them without requiring a case with drive bays . This did the job . It 's not meant to be a premanent connection to replace a hard drive enclosure so do n't buy it expecting that .
 I recently purchased this cable to recover data off of some old hard drives and did not want to have to install the drives in my desktop . The cable makes getting this data simple , literally plug and play . This would also make it quite easy to recover data using a laptop where installation of the drive is not an option . I had no problems with it and was in business within a minute or so of opening this box . I feel certain this cable will come in handy again and was worth the price to me . I am by no means a computer expert and found this item user friendly .
 I 've used this device on dozens of drives already including , SATA , PATA 3.5 '' and laptop drives and in all cases , it works great . This is my most useful tool in my toolbox for fixing PCs . A `` Must Have '' if you work on computers frequently !! Great for transferring lots of data !
 It 's not often I find deals like this . I could n't believe all that I got in this kit . Everything works perfectly . I love using it to make emergency recovery drives with my old IDE hard drives .
 Product worked as expected . No issues with it whatsoever . I would suggest this to others .
 Excellent product for the price . I was able to copy all of the data from an old 2.5 inch laptop drive whose powersupply failed .
 OK , I admit , I was a bit of a doofus in getting it hooked up correctly , but when I did - viola ! It worked - and it worked perfectly . -LRB- OK , I admit - I had to read a few reviews as the documentation is n't too clear . -RRB- I 'm constantly replacing/upgrading drives , and this will be a huge timesaver .
 This cable is exactly what is needed if you need something transferred from one hd to another hd
 Performed as expected . Recognized my drives fine . I do wish it had a power switch . I used a model with that feature and was very convenient . Instead I had to keep plugging it in and out , which is clunky .
 When windows decides to crap the bed and the OS needs to be re-installed this device makes transferring files from a client 's drive to a back-up drive a heck of a lot easier than having to crack the case of another computer and slave out the drive . Fast transfer rate too . 480mbps
 Well , it works as per description ... Connector is a bit flimsy , butif you are being careful with it - it does work ...
 This little guy is all about function over form . It does exactly what you think it does - and it does it well . Not the fastest USB bridge but it will get you there .
 This item has everything I need to connect to IDE or SATA hard drives . Even laptop drives . I highly recommend this to everyone .
 Works fine if you know what you are doing . It does n't figure things out for you though .
 The directions were a little sketchy on how to plug it up , but it works great . Wish it had a smaller power supply so it was easier to carry in my laptop bag . Definitely glad I bought it .
 Good product . Allows data recovery from either laptop or destop hdd that has a crashed OS . A little tricky to connect , but works . Do n't bend your pins .
 This product works great for me . It did n't at first though and so I 'm thinking this might be helpful for those who could n't get it to connect . When I first tried hooking everything up , my computer recognized the new drive , but did n't seem to assign a drive letter . I then saw the SATA light go out on the controller . No matter what I did at that point could get it to work again . I then disconnected the drive , rebooted my PC and it worked great . I would imagine it would work if I had it all connected during the reboot as well . Give it a shot if it did n't work for you .
 Seems to be good for occasional usage for data recovery . I have not used it on a serial drive yet . I plan to use it for plugging into drives I use for back up , and then storing them away until the next time I need it .
 I used it on my old IDE hard drive -LRB- 160GB -RRB- . It works . I did not try it on SATA drive . But I wish the SATA cable could be a little longer .
 I tried it on assortment of disk drives that I have and it worked great with all of them . I did n't have a single problem .
 I had an old computer with a dead power supply that had been sitting in the garage for 3 years . I wanted to run the hard-drive to see if there were any files I needed to save before destroying the HD and recycling the rest . Since most of the reviews I read were positive , I decided to use this item rather than pay more for a pretty , swappable bay that would not see much use . The instructions were pretty self explanatory for me . I removed the drive from the comp , removed the jumper to set to master as per the sticker on the HD , plugged in adapter -LRB- the drive spooled up-a good sign -RRB- , then plugged in the other connector to the HD and to the USB on my new computer . The drive showed up as any other USB device would under My Computer . I saw my windows files , but no music files that I knew were there . Remembering I had two partitions on the old HD , I looked under My Comp and saw there were 2 new drive letters . Each partition was showing up as its own drive . I went in to the other and saw my music . This worked as expected and I will keep it since it may come in handy down the road .
 I probably would have incurred a big expense if not for this product . My motherboard failed leaving unprinted tax returns on my harddrive . Recently purchased a netbook with winxp , bought this product and was able to access and print valuable files from my old hard drive.Really easy to use but as mentioned in other reviews make sure HDD jumpers are correct . Best $ 20 ever spent . -LRB- so impressed with product I was encouraged to write this , my first review ever -RRB-
 I have many drives from various old computers lying around -LSB- ide and sata -RSB- that I need to access from time to time . This cable is n't pretty but its extremely useful . Thus far I have n't had any trouble accessing data on either ide or sata drives . I gave it 4 out of 5 stars only because I 've been using it for such a short period of time .
 I bought this after my computer told me i needed to format my extra drive before . Bummer , I thought all my data was gone . Did a bit of research online , and did n't want to pay $ $ $ for data recovery.A video I saw said if the HD was not making noise -LRB- aka you are screwed -RRB- , then you may be able to save it using a IDE/SATA to USB cable and using it as a removable storage device . Well , it worked and I was able to save all my data using this cable.It comes with it 's own power supply , but I just used the 4 pin it had connected to it in the case .
 Used it on 4 old HDD 's . Worked with out issue and as expected . Theres nothing else to say about it .
 It works if you have the correct jumper pin settings for ATA/IDE drives . There is no manual or anything of that sort to tell you which it should be . Based on other reviews , I knew to try other settings but it seemed some of my drives used different settings . It turned into a trial and error type situation . The SATA worked without any problem . Better documentation would have pushed it to 5 stars .
 I was looking for this device for a while . I was tring to transfer some old file from old hard drive and it worked perfectly !!!
 At first I thought it was n't working , but I had to check my connections . This happened the next time I used it too , so it seems the connections are apt to slide out a bit , but this is n't really a concern . I only mention it because if at first it appears to not be working , it might just be this issue .
 sabrent USB 2.0 TO SATA/IDE 2.5 / 3.5 / - INCH Hard Drive Converter With Power Supply & LED Activity Lights -LRB- USB-DSC5 , Does the job very well , could be longer .
 Very pleased with little device . It arrived super fast and allows me to access hard drives while working at the table .
 Hard drive on my Macbook Pro crashed . Took computer to Apple store and they could not recover what was on my hard drive . They recommended two separate data recovery services for some important files that I wanted recovered . The services were going to cost between $ 700 and $ 3500 to recover the data from my crashed hard drive.I bought this cable on the outside chance that it would be able to read the drive . It worked !!! Even though the Mac itself could not mount or repair the drive when it was installed internally , when I attached it to this cable , I was able to recover files . It was slow , but I believe that was because my hard drive was truly corrupt , and maybe this device does more retries than the internal OS?In any case , very happy that a $ 25 purchase saved me upwards of thousands $ $ $ .
 worked exactly how it should . got all of my old pictures and videos from my laptop that went bad about 5 years ago !
 We just hooked this up to my laptop to copy the hard drive from my Dell . The screen on the Dell went black and you could still hear it running . We pulled the drive out , hooked it to the converter , pulled up the files on my new laptop and there they all were ! Very happy with this purchase .
 Boys down the street wanted two hundred a drive to transfer my files from my old laptops that no longer worked . Saved over thousand bucks and lots of time with this setup.Would not work at first because the jumpers were set wrong on hard drive . Downloaded instructions from them and solved the problem . Changed jumpers like they said and worked perfectly every time after that.Worked with all my HP Compaq any Sony hard drives that I stored as junk for years . Wish I had bought a long time ago .
 I bought this here on June 22 , 2009 and while it 's a great product the AC adapter failed a couple of days ago . I have no idea whether i had it plugged in a bad surge protector or whether it was it 's time to go but it 's rare seeing something like this fail . The USB connector still works fine so if i wanted to i could still add an extra device to the USB and using the internal power supply connector . I did have this plugged into my 2TB HDD which was on for at least a few years without ever unplugging it so that might have caused the pre-mature death . I could always take the adapter apart and see if it 's something fixable but it 's always best to use the internal PSU for long term usage . I will have to buy another one of these down the line . . but i may go for an external enclosure this time as i do have a couple of spare IDE drives that wo n't work in my newer systems .
 This is a very handy device if you need to get something off a hard drive . My sister-in-law 's computer drive was damaged by lightning and would not boot up . She decided to buy a new computer but wanted some pictures and files that had not been backed up . With this cable was able to copy her files to a thumb drive and she was happy to have those valuable pictures of a vacation trip .
 Worked fine for Me got the data I needed off of old defective hard drive to install on new one .
 I was very pleased with the product . It was very simple to use , I did n't even have to take the old hard drive out of the PC . I just took the side panel off and made the connections between the two PCs . The new PC recognized it as an external drive , and I just copied my files over using windows file explorer . I was going from a win7 to a win7 . I highly recommend this product .
 I had a computer that totally crashed in 2009 and I was able to salvage the hard drive . After easily connecting the kit to the hard drive , it just showed up on my desktop and I was able to recover all my files . The best part is that the hard drive I was recovering was out of an old Gateway tower and I used my Apple Powerbook to recover the files . It is a great kit and well worth the money to get my data back . I highly reccommend this kit to any tech junkies .
 My Raid hard drives died and I had neglected to do much backing up -LRB- always a big mistake ! -RRB- . I called a California data recovery service and sent both off to them . They responded a short time later saying it was necessary to rebuild the drives and that the fee would be about $ 3000 . Despite the loss of my files , I felt it was not a reasonable expense and they shipped the drives back to me . Six months later , I read about this adapter and felt that it was worth a try . To my total surprise it worked like a charm and I was able to access my files . You may not be as fortunate as I , but this works well if you have a viable hard drive .
 I had a few hard drives laying around from old cpus that crashed and ordered this product to try out . I hooked it to all 4 hard drives and got old pictures and music off of all 4 . Has a light on it so you know when it is transferring files . Sometimes I did have to wiggle wires a little for the power to come on but like I said worked with all 4 hard drives which a few are over 10 years old . Would recommend this product to anyone who has an old hard drive and needs lost files off of it .
 I had an old desktop PC with a blown power supply that 's just been sitting around . Finally I got the idea that there must be a way to plug those hard drives into my laptop so that I could get the data on without having to fix up an obsolete desktop . Sure enough ! I found the Sabrent adapter along with a couple others , and decided to go with this based on the product reviews . This was easy to set up , and worked like a charm . Plugged everything in and my drives were recognized without installing any additional software . I got what I needed , and now I 've got the adapter for the next time I need to do the same thing . It does make me wonder if I would use this on an ongoing basis to have an extra drive around ... Probably not .
 Used this to retrieve data from my laptop 's old drive when the motherboard fried . Worked great and easy to use .
 Connected to old drives followed instructions with device and no problems , just had to make sure the jumper on the old drive was set to master , a bit dissapointed to find the drives smaller than I was hoping but read the file contents with PC as with any external drive now have all my pics backed up . Device did exactly what I wanted .
 This is the 3rd or 4th one of these I 've bought . I use them at home and at work . They are perfect for simply hooking up a random hard drive and using it like a removable drive . I can easily see what is on a drive I have laying around . Lately I have been using SMART tools to look at stats from my drives to try to predict failure , and it 's great for that too , although you will need separate software for the analysis .
 This item came in very handy for the upgrade of my internal hard drive . Very easy to use and certainly made my life easier with the cloning process . Certainly recommend for the price it was worth it .
 If you have hard drives to pull data off of once or occasionally , this is a great product . IDE 2.5 drives work directly from USB , IDE 3.5 connect to USB and use the included power adapter . SATA 2.5 and 3.5 use power and cable adapter but are still easy to use . I have a SATA dock for pulling data off SATA drives , but this is a great thing to keep in my tool kit for IDE drives or if I 'm not at home with my SATA dock .
 My HP pavilion crashed for unknown reasons but the hard drive was still viable . I used this product along with another operational laptop to boot up the hard drive and access it like an external . I was then able to transfer all important files from HP hard drive to a different external hard drive and save all my files . I was then able to wipe the HP hard drive clean and start over . Saved my computer and my files . For me this product saved my life haha
 The product was exactly what I ordered and the service was great . It was sent to me immediately.Thank You
 I use this tool to format new HDD 's before use , to wipe old HDD 's before discard and even to clone HDD 's . It comes in very handy when I need to know quickly the contents of a HDD without installing it into a system unit case . It 's a very useful tool to my collection . I recommend this tool .
 worked perfectly to clean a highly infected laptop sata hd , and to backup all critical files
 This item `` saved the day '' for me when trying to recover data from a friends PC.The documentation could use a re-work , but all in all , it 's a very versatile adapter.It 's worth the $ $ .
 had to get something off a drive that was in a broken computer and also in another country far far away :-RRB- had to get my friend to do it basically so I bought this and sent it to him , he had no problems and I was very relieved to get my files !!!
 The Sebrent cable works great.It is easy to install . I bought a second cable which turned out to be another manufacturer and the power cable went up in smoke the first time I plugged it in . . Now I 'm fooling around with returning it for credit and will be sure to order another Sebrent cable .
 This gadget saved my sanity after my computer mother board got fried in a lightning storm . My external backup drive got fried at the same time.The adapter is rather crudely made -LRB- the IDE connector was poorly keyed and allowed it to be plugged in off center -RRB- but who cares when it eventually salvages a year or more of your work .
 My desktop machine 's mother board gave up the ghost and I was left with two large hard drives filled with data . The Sabrent kit proved to be exactly what I needed . I hooked it up and could access an old drive just like any other device.Using this is almost like the old days of perosnal computing -LRB- circa 1985 -RRB- , what with connecting up bare components using dedicated cables . That 's a bonus for some of us.But that does n't mean the setup is difficult to use if you do n't know anything about computer hardware . It 's basically a plug-n-go proposition . But be sure to follow the directions.Check here for Sabrent 's online -LRB- color -RRB- instruction manual . Between that and the piece of paper included the the device you should be able to get it to work . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Comes with all combinations of cables to enable connection of any HDD to a USB port . Great for use on a removed HDD from either laptop or desktop PC to analyze on another `` working '' PC . You do n't have to be a PC technician to use this tool , but better Users Manual would certainly make things easier for the novice . However , it 's not impossible for an untrained person to figure this out . A technician friend used a similar tool to analyze a HDD for me and recommended I get one because it 's so reasonably priced and useful in so many instances .
 Unit worked fine without problems except that the adaptor is too wide and when ide connection and power connection are close there is no room to plug in both connectors . An ide extension cable would solve the problem.This was a problem with an optical drive
 I have couple of drives from a 3yr old computer i was amazed that with this product i was able to retrieve my important documents . I would recommend this to anyone ...
 When the processor in my desktop died , I bought this to try to recover the data from a hard drive . It worked . It worked on the 3.5 '' SATA drive I wanted to recover , and it has since worked on a 3.5 '' IDE from a long dead desktop . The instructions are not detailed -LRB- to say the least -RRB- , but with a little bit of time spent looking at the options -LRB- how to connect the USB adapter to the drive , and how to connect the power supply to the drive -RRB- , it 's pretty obvious how to use it . In the case of 3.5 '' drives , you do have to connect the drive to the adapter , and the power to the drive , before you connect the adapter to the computer 's USB port.As stated in the other reviews , do n't plan to use this to create a long term USB drive , it just is n't made to withstand abuse . But for a temporary recovery or data transfer solution , it 's perfect.This neat little $ 20 device saved me an immense amount of trouble , and it worked the first time . If I only use it once , it was well worth the money .
 I recently purchased a new computer , but I had several files on my old hard drive that I wanted to move to my new computer . I hooked this up and after a couple of trials and errors it worked great . I guess it helps if you read the instructions first . ;-RRB- I highly recommend this item . It works as advertised , it keeps you from having to open up and dive into your new computer to transfer files from your old hard drive , and it is very compatible . It is well worth the money !
 The Sabrent USA-DSC5 Serial ATA/IDE Drive adaptor works great for a device that is quick to install , inexpensive to purchase and works great ! I originally was going to purchase one of those great looking and well made adaptors that cost much more than the Sabrent , but I thought about how many time I was going to use this type of device . For me this is a one time use product and cost was my primary concern . Over the years I have acquired many IDE drives and I wanted to consolidate all of my important files to a single backup SATA drive . This product worked perfectly . While the more expensive and eye appealing adaptors might be excellent for the newer SATA drives , the Sabrent USA - DSC5 Serial ATA/IDE adaptor works well for the out dated older IDE drives . Remember , this is probably going to be a very limited use device for most users .
 I used it as a permanent connection between my cheaper SATA hard drive and the usb input .
 Imagine you never get any work done because you need to shut down your computer to install a drive that needs to be backed up for a friend . This happened a lot for me , now I have this and I do n't have to shutdown anymore . I have an external box that will read EIDE devices but this data EIDE , SATA , and 2.5 '' IDE devices . So far I 've only used it on SATA drives either 3.5 or 2.5 '' . For the price I love this !
 I bought this adapter to recover the files from my girlfriend 's dying laptop hard drive . I had used similar models in the past , but the Sabrent stood out with its additional power supply input for 2.5 '' models.Installation was easy enough
 Purchased to pull info off of hard drives out of my old computers . It works well but some of the connectors are not very well made and I have an issue with the power cord plugging into the brick . It has to sit juuuusst right for it to work properly . The molex connector on the other end is just as bad . This product did the job it needed to , but now it is in the back of the junk drawer and I will probably but a different one the next time .
 This is one of the best things I 've bought . The package contained everything you need for lightning fast connection of both IDE and Sata drives -LRB- 2.5 and 3.5 -RRB- . I absolutely recommend this package for anyone who wants simple connectivity of extra drives without having to perform any initialization and compatibility tasks . AAAA + + + +
 I 've owned laptop unpowered cases before but my computers always recognized them as mass storage devices and not hard drives , making it difficult to clone hard drives for upgrades using Acronis True Image . This however works great for that purpose . It was plug it in and no problems , very simple to use .
 Product works great . Do n't use it much but I work on peoples computers so it is nice to pull information off of it for them .
 It was a very usefull adapter , thnks im very satisfied with the product.I recomended .
 No , it 's not pretty , but who cares . USB hard drive was immediately recognized . It works .
 I love this dohicky . It 's got everything you need in the box . A little SATA jumper cable , power adapters , etc. . Works on Linux if you have the usb-storage module available -LRB- all modern desktop distros have kernels that support usb -RRB- . Run ` dmesg ` to find the device then you can mount it like any other storage device .
 I purchased this converter for use with my Macs and so far it has handled all the drives that I 've thrown at it . We use another brand at work , but this one was less expensive and works just as well . The instruction manual could be a bit more detailed on how to use the various power cables , but that 's a minor complaint .
 For users like me this is a must have one . I have a laptop and now I can use all my old hard disks as backup solution . Also the 2.5 '' SATA Hard Disk are my portable storage .
 The best technology device I have found.I had 3 SATA disks of 6 that I purchased , not to mention brand names , that crashed my computer and failed . One even burned out my Power Supply , and like a dummy I kept trying to get the hard drive to work in my computer as there were files that I HAD to have . Found this on Amazon , and decided to try it . Best 25 bucks I ever spent on my technology career.Not a problem for this device . With the separate power adapter , I can salvage the files from my drive and not even have to open the case , much less take another chance that the drive will crash my computer . Easy to use and works with most modern -LRB- since the early 90 's -RRB- disk drives . Not a pretty shinny device , just a bunch of cables and adapters , but everything is here to quickly salvage the data on a hard disk .
 First I 'll say it did everything I needed it to do with no problems . I did research and read reviews like this to make a decision on what product to get and everything has worked out great.I had a laptop -LRB- t40 -RRB- suffer a system failure and I needed my data from the hard drive . I first called BestBuy and they were going to charge me $ 99 plus it was going to take 3 weeks . Needless to say for around $ 15 you ca n't do much better then this product .
 I needed to replace a failing hard drive in an older laptop . This product has all the connections to backup data to the new drive from old drive . My laptop uses the IDE drive .
 I fried the motherboard on my laptop and needed a way to access the hard drive and I bought this kit and had no issues at all . It even works on Windows 7 64 bit!I would not buy anything else , this kit is all you need .
 I read some review before buying this and when I got it , I simply plugged in the reader and my files were transferred within 30 mins . That 's 2 hard drives -LRB- 20gb and 40gb -RRB- . It came with much more than I needed , but it 's nice to have all of it . I could n't ask for anything more from this product .
 Right from the box was able to plug in various different drives and access them through the USB interface . -LRB- included not bootable drive with family pics -RRB- I have not attempted to use the internal power supply but even if it does n't give 100 % , the abiltiy to access information is priceless .
 I origionally purchased this so I could flash the firmware on my xbox 360 . I really ended up using it to transfer data from computers with crashed operation systems . It has come in handy plenty of times !
 This hard drive adapter is the best . I have tried several different makes from other manufactures and this by far is the most compatible requiring no drivers . It even works on Mac 's . You can use it to boot up any Intel based Mac if you have a working system on the drive it 's connected to . Only problem I have had with this adapter is the first one came with a DOA power supply . But Amazon 's return / refund process was so simple that it did not bother me and I had a replacement unit in 3 days without it costing me a cent . Transfer speeds are good and depend more on the drive that is connected to it and the system you are connecting too .
 As technology advances I was left with old hard drives sitting in my office . The newer interfaces do n't read IDE drives anymore and I was ready to throw them out . All that gigabyte space going to waste ... until now . This interface could n't be easier to use Windows XP . Plug the power in , plug in the USB and the drive appears . Drag and drop all my photos , archived files , whatever.Researched other products and very happy I bought this .
 The cable shipped fast . I had 2 hard drives from an old computer that I needed to retrieve data from . I only had to move the jumper on one of the drive pins to the master position and the interface worked flawlessly . Great product .
 I purchased this kit to retore a bunch of personal data -LRB- pictures , music , etc. -RRB- from a failed PC . While the inistructions provided were weak , it was pretty easy to figure out how to get it working . It worked great !
 It works perfectly , I was able to connect the SATA hard drive to my computer to copy the files and format the drive , something that I could not do without this adapter . Also the adapter came in the mail on time and I reccomand it to anybody .
 Arrived from buy-direct in 2 days and worked flawlessly on the first try.well designed , simple instructions.If you have windows 98 , SE/ME , you will have to download a driver for it to work but will still work.I give this 5 stars in all catagories .
 Hard drive reader is very easy to use and straight forward to hook up . As there are no Driver neccessary , you can hook a hard drive up in a matter of minutes . Great for recovering Data on a drive that might be failing Sata or IDE . Would not recommend as a permanent setup .
 There is no software needed and uses standard cords . Very easy to use and I use it daily .
 It works pretty well . Comes with all cables , power connectors a power adapter so that you can not only access hard drives but also CD/DVD drives etc.Very very useful . I recommend it.Looks like crap and cheap , but it works great . The transfer speed was also very fast , just like USB 2.0 external hard drives.Great Stuff !
 I purchased the Sabrent USB-DSC5 serial ATA or IDE 2.5 - / 3.5-inch to USB 2.0 converter adaptor for two reasons . I repair computers and give older ones to those in need . I do most of my work as non profitable and to purchase equipment or tools for this hobby cost money . I saw this item on Amazon , though what a great idea , and purchased it . It has saved me so much time and frustration for transfering and recovering data ect ... I also use older IDE drives to store my back up files on and no longer have the expense of buying and burning cds , or dvds.Sabrent USB-DSC5 Serial ATA or IDE 2.5 - / 3.5-Inch to USB 2.0 Cable Converter Adapter with Power Supply
 Sadly , the drive I bought this to access is toast . Including the burn marks.However , I have found this useful to wipe data -LRB- and recover data -RRB- from old drives that I no longer need before I hand them off to be recycled.That 's worth the cost , definitely .
 I 've had this for over a month now and what a GREAT little toy . I know it is not meant for continuous use , but I 've been using it on my desktop since I got it -LRB- saving up for a better computer opposed to buying an external drive -LSB- just used one from another rig I had lying around -RSB- -RRB- . Also helped my friend unload some valuable , though incriminating photos of him and his wife off of his KOed desktop . I 'd say buy it , though I would also look around for others . I 've seen some that are split 3 ways to include those UBER small netbook drives . Look around , but if you 're just looking for a quick fix ... THIS IS IT !
 After reading all the reviews here and on other sites , I made the purchase . I have not been disappointed . The indicator light is perfect . I have salvaged data from two drives , so far . The variety of connection options is wonderful . There are numerous connectors and cables to satisfy most every need . The only thing missing is a case to hold the gear . Had to find my own way of storing and transporting all the pieces . Still , it 's a welcomed item to have in my arsenal .
 It is very easy to use . No drivers needed . Plug and play . Reads IDE or SATAGreat solution when upgrading your HD.You can use your old HD as back up units.HD to be read need to be configured as master , so have your pins ready .
 I am super-satisfied with my Sabrent USB-SATA converter adapter.After 2 years of college , my son 's Mac G4 Powerbook crashed.It was the hard disc said the people from the Apple store.They would charge about 600US $ to replace it , but would keep the old HD which is Apple 's policy.We were not happy with that solution , it was expensive and not fair.I bought a 160Gb Hard Disc on-line , with `` Galaxy Hardware Publishers '' the Mac specialists , then opened the Mac Powerbook and switched the HD . After removing the old HD , we plugged in the Sabrent USB-SATA adapter into the old HD , and were very happy to be able to recover ALL the files.It was well worth trying to recover all the files , we are super-satisfied . Sabrent SATA-C35U Serial ATA to USB 2.0 Cable Converter Adapter with Power Supply
 A great solution to the question of `` how do I get my data off of my dead laptop ? '' Get one of these . Easy to use , very well written instructions , and when plugged into PCs equipped with XP , no drivers needed . Great product , thanks guys .
 Works exactly as advertised . A good product for the price . I am definitely glad to have purchased it .
 This adapter worked perfectly and was just what I needed to clone my laptop drive to a larger one . No problems with interfacing , just plugged it in and the larger drive was recognized . Ran my drive cloning software and was quickly up and running on the larger drive .
 A great price and the products works as specified . Anyone complaining that it does n't work probably forgot to set the jumper correctly . You need to ensure the drive is set to `` master '' but I tried it on several drives I had around the house and they all works perfectly . I would n't recommend this is a permanent solution for hooking up a drive externally , an external enclosure would be more appropriate for that as it would provide protection for the drive itself . I tested this on both OS X and Windows and both worked flawlessly .
 I purchased this product to recover data from two computers I own . The oldest computer is about 15 years old , and the OS died . I bought the second computer to replace it , and that one was replaced because the hard drive had errors . Using this device I was able to retrieve ALL of the information from both hard drives - files I had thought lost forever . The process was simple and quick . I am very happy with the purchase .
 Works great , just take out your internal drive , hook it up , plug it in , connect with a USB cable to any computer .
 I purchased this product after I found 3 old hard drives that I had n't used for 5 years . I wanted to check for any data that I had left on those drives , as I could n't remember doing this when I stopped using them.The drives I had were two different Quantum Fireballs , and one IBM DeskStar . All the drives were 3.5 '' IDE . All three drives were detected first time , and I did n't have any problems accessing them . I did n't measure file access times , but I was able to make a 2GB disk image of one of the drives in around 10 minutes . I was n't able to test being able to access any other types of drive as I did n't have any available.This is n't something you would want to use day to day for connecting to a drive , but for my needs it do the job I needed with little effort and at a good price .
 I have become the hard drive recovery MASTER ! Two of my external drives failed after their power supplies were swapped frying the boards inside . I could not get a drive letter when they were still in the enclosure . A coworker suggested I get this item and see if it worked . The hardest thing in the whole process was opening one of the external hard drive cases . As soon as I plugged it in to the usb a got a drive letter and could access the data again ... whew ! Since that worked so well I started gather old hard drives from all dead PC 's I have in the basement and I 've recovered all sorts of files and pictures I assumed were long gone . Very pleased . On a side note , if your HD is making the `` ping '' noise , this will not help you .
 Not as elegant as a docking station but it gets the job done . However , shortly after purchase , the power supply burnt out . No matter , I went to microcenter and spent another $ 10 on a better PC connector power supply . Alternatively , I could have just opened up the case of my desktop , but long term , I would be using this with my laptop also . Just recently , I bought an SSD and cloned my laptop HD with this device and Acronis True Image Home Edition . Worked beautifully .
 This adaptor rocks . I was staring in dismay at a pair of old HDs I wanted to read / copy / format and a newly deceased 3.5 '' IDE enclosure when this little gem caught my eye . Operation could n't be simpler , and I 'm future-proofed with the SATA adaptor . Much , much simpler than an enclosure , all of which in my experience are rather finicky / fragile . Highly recommended .
 Just got this product and I give it 5 stars . Works great . I needed to backup filesand this is just awesome because I 'm using an old IDE HDD . It 's a Seagate Barracuda 320GBand was able to transfer 13 GB in 19 minutes . No problems whatsoever.I would recommend this product to anyone who needed a backup resolution , needed toget valuable files off an old hard drive , etc. . Great product.And every piece seems well made , not cheap . Easy to use and hook up . Instructions are limited , but did n't matter .
 I purchased this so that I could retrieve files from my laptop hard drive . My laptop died but I removed the hard drive and connected it to the converter adapter and I was instantly able to search and retrieve all the files from my old hard drive . I am even able to run some of the programs from the old hard drive . I am truly impressed with it .
 It took a few tries before I was able to get this working.I was trying to get access to an IDE drive.The key was to plug in the power and let the drive spin up before connecting the USB cable.This was not specified in the documentation.Otherwise , it worked great.I know this will come in handy in the future.Great resource for the price .
 I bought this thinking it would be junk and that it would n't work . I was wrong . I had it out of the box and connected to my old internal hard drives to my new computer in seconds ! I run Windows Vista and it reconized it instantly . I copied all my files I need to my current computer with ease . The best $ 20 I have ever spent . I thought my files on my old HDDs were gone forever , not with this fun lil toy :-RRB- .
 This thing may not win in the looks department , but it is reliable and painfully simple to use . Do not be discouraged by some other reviewers - I have no idea how anyone could build their own PC from the ground up and be defeated by this kit.The instructions are a bit sparse , so here 's a quick walkthrough :1 -RRB- Plug kit into PC via USB2 -RRB- Attach drive -LRB- this includes power ! -RRB- 3 -RRB- Reboot computer4 -RRB- Access drive!Dead simple . I 've used this on SATA , IDE , and a few old skool laptop drives of mine and have been very pleased with the results .
 This thing saved my neck ! It can literally just plug in to your old hard drive and save your old data ! My computer would n't even turn on at all , and this thing saved my data - very sweet !
 I am not a computer person . I do n't work with computers on a daily basis . My computer knowledge is limited to just having owned one -LRB- four different ones -RRB- for the last 13 years . My last desktop showed me the ` blue screen of death ' , and I was unable to get anything to come up - even in safe mode . I backed up everything personal on flash drives , but my music -LRB- ok , my 17 yr old daughter 's music - which is 10 times worse -RRB- , because it was about 43G , and did not have a flash drive that big . After looking into , and learning more than I ever want to know about hard drives , I realized mine was an IDE hard drive , not a SATA , so this was the only thing I could find that could possibly help . Anyway , for $ 20 , I figured it was worth a try . Got it in the mail quickly -LRB- thanks Amazon -RRB- , and after staring at it for a long time , I decided to dig in . First took out the hard drive -LRB- found out how on my computer 's website -LRB- Gateway -RRB- . I then figured out how to set the hard drive jumper setting to ` Master ' mode , as instructed . Not that difficult , just a matter of moving a little pin - it showed it right on the hard drive itself . I then turned everything off , plugged everything in -LRB- to my laptop USB port -RRB- , turned everything on - it actually acted like it was installing drivers and asked me to restart . I did , then looked in my ` computer ' and there it was ! It was attached just like a flash drive . At that point it was just a matter of getting to your documents -LRB- in our case the music first -RRB- , and dragging it over to my laptop music . There was a point where when we clicked to get to the ` my documents ' files that it asked that I grant permission to open the files , which I did . And it did a little ` transferring thing ' that took a few minutes . I am pleased that it worked , and that it was pretty easy for someone who knows nothing about this stuff , but is willing to learn . Ease of use received only 4 stars - as I would love to have a website to go to for support , with tons of FAQs ! I found much of my information in the reviews ! My next task - invest in an external hard drive for back-up !
 Easy to use , and gets the job done . Let me quickly and easily salvage files off a drive where the OS had become corrupted , and was much easier than loading the drive as a slave in another computer . Too ugly and noisy to use as a permanent solution , but a quick and easy life saver for things like this .
 Product worked as expected -LRB- hoped -RRB- . I experienced no problem . The quality the power supply is more than adequate . I suspect a lot of the problems referenced in other reviews are the result of the power connector . The power connector is made of slightly pliant material which allows for the possibility of plugging the connector in backwards which will result in frying your drive . The other suspect is the sequence on connection . The power connector should be connected to the drive before the power supply is plugged in to prevent surges .
 System comes in a small box , with very small instructions , only a few paragraphs . I got more info from reading other users reviews , so here 's my report ... 1 -RRB- My 160GB Samsung hard drive I was trying to recover would not read . By following their instructions I could tell my Vista system found it , but it was `` not initialized '' . I tried to do that , but it would n't .2 -RRB- Another user mentioned that removing the jumper is required for Western Digital , so I tried that and it worked perfectly . Instruction tell you to make sure it is on Master , but in this case it needed to be off . Once it was found it worked great and I dumped off about 30 gigs in less than 20 minutes .3 -RRB- Then I tried it on an older HP DVD/CD writer . First I put it to Master jumper , and it worked immediately .4 -RRB- Then I tried a HP CD reader and no good until I removed the jumper completely.So , try it on master first , and if no good try it with no jumper.Also , I like the LED 's that show USB power and IDE/SATA activity . It gives some comfort to see what is going on.This gear is not suitable for permanent use , but I did n't think it was too bad for light duty.Overall very satisfied , it really was great to salvage that older hard drive .
 So far I 've only used it with IDE drives and it works ok . The power cable is plenty long enough but I 'd prefer the USB cable to be a little longer . Its not that big of a deal though since an extender cable can be used .
 This has help me with a lot of machines that our company was just going to trash . I could take out the HD and test it with this gadget and format it and use the HD if it was good , or discard if it was bad . A very easy process . The SATA to 4 pin power connector was a little tight though .
 I can back up data from sick HDD 's and check devices from all makes and models as I work on systems , easily , with just my laptop with this little handy device . I would recommend this device as a cheap mobile tech tool .
 it worked exactly like the product description said it would . could n't have been easier .
 I hooked this up to an old hardrive from my fiance 's broken laptop and plugged it into my new computer and retrieved all the files . I had no problems at all it worked great .
 So far , so good . It does what I need it to do.It lets me access spare drives , or access drives from computers that wo n't boot to Windows , so that I can boot into Linux and backup the important files.It does n't look pretty , but I do n't need it to.It 's somewhat of a mess of cables , and it 's not some sleek dock or something , but again , it works . And I do n't need it to be pretty . I use it , what , maybe once every couple months?Highly recommended for fixing computers , not for regular day to day use .
 This product has helped me to rescue files on a crashed hard drive with huge benefit/cost ratio . Amzn 's delivery was quick . Thanks
 i got this so i could put files on to my laptop it worked great but now -LRB- having it for 3 months -RRB- im haveing some trobles with the power supply but thats probly bec of the way i stored it its ok i dont use it that much tho i recommend it
 I bought this item on September-08 , it has worked for me every time I have used it with my notebooks hdds -LRB- two different 40GB 5,400 RPM -RRB- Windows passwords no problem here . It transfer data very fast .
 I chose this because of the ability to read basically all HD 's that I work on . Worked right out of the box and seems to be solid build . Power supply has a mini power for laptop drives and it even includes a legacy to SATA power conversion cable . This could be used if you bought the SATA power drive and you only have legacy power on your PC !
 We bought this item because my old laptop had fallen and was completely done . It would n't even turn on . All my pictures and everything was on the hard drive . When this item arrived we simply and easily plugged it into my new laptop and my old hard drive popped up in my computer and I easily copied all of my items to the new hard drive . It was so easy and it could n't have worked any better . It also transfered very fast ! It was totally worth the money and more , great product at a great price .
 This product is great , easy to use and has made it very easy for me to check out information on other hard drives without having to shut the computer down to attach the drive internally .
 I purchased this to upgrade my laptop hard drive . It was very easy to install , and along with the Seagate software -LRB- downloaded separately -RRB- , moving my data from one drive to the other was without problems .
 It 's not pretty , and it has too many pieces parts -LRB- most of which I 've managed to zip-tie together and avoid losing -RRB- , but it works.The one area where I was disappointed was when I tried to use it to hook up an IDE CDROM . It does work , but the geometry of the connectors makes it impossible with the included cabling . The MOLEX power connection on a CDROM is right next to the IDE header , so it is blocked by the shoulder of the device . It did work after I jury-rigged the power.If you only need to work with SATA drives , consider a `` dock '' instead . They take advantage of the standardized position of the SATA connectors so you can just drop the drive in and go .
 When the motherboard of my Dell desktop PC failed , my RAID 1 twin hard drives were useless for recovering data without removing them from the PC . I was running XP on the desktop and needed a quick way to get my data off of the hard drives . After weighing all of my options , I picked up a great Lenovo laptop for cheap -LRB- see my other reviews -RRB- and this fantastic connection kit.All I needed to do after setting up the laptop was to remove one of the drives from my PC , hook it up to the SATA connections provided with this kit and then plug it into a USB port on my laptop . No drivers , no tweaks , no tricks . Just open windows explorer and move files . I transferred 70 gigs of data within minutes - not hours . The small price for this kit was nothing compared to the benefits of retrieving my data so effortlessly.Plus , in the kit , there are connectors for both laptop drives and desktop drives -LRB- ATA and Serial ATA/SATA -RRB- plus all of the cables to get the job done . Of note , this is not a pretty setup if you are considering long term use of an external drive . However , it is an excellent tool for getting data from a lone drive to any computer via USB .
 I 've used it for the past two months , works well so far . All my IDE hard disks work with it . Would be better if it has a power switch to turn on/off .
 My computer hard drive was going bad and I knew I had to get it out of my computer and install a new one . I was able to download most of the important stuff off of the old hard drive and put it on the new hard drive without any problem .
 i gave this product 4 stars coz i hav ` nt tried it on sata drives . but this product works great on ide 's . just make sure you got the right jumper setting -LRB- works perfect on master -RRB- tested on ide cdrom/dvdrom/hardrives . it should work with sata . great for data recovery jobs !
 This is everything you need for transferring data from/to sata/ide/usb hard drives . Excellent product . No problems so far . Highly recommended .
 The Sabrent USB-DSC5 Serial ATA or IDE converter worked great for extracting priceless family photos from an old laptops hard drive . You might not have to use it often but it is a handy tool to have around to rescue files family and friends forgot to otherwise backup .
 I recently did a hard drive upgrade to an iMac and was n't paying attention to my Time Machine backup dates , and wound up with about a 6 day discrepancy between my latest full backup and the date I did the upgrade , so I needed to connect my old 250 gig SATA drive -LRB- Hitachi Deskstar -RRB- and transfer any files created or modified . No documentation was necessary - I plugged it all together , plugged in the USB and there it was . After I made the transfer , I remembered another hard drive that had some data that probably had n't made the transfer before the computer it was in failed . This one was a Western Digital Caviar IDE drive that I had purchased sometime around 2003 , so I had to use the other adapters . Once again I plugged it in , and boom - there it was . Keep in mind that this was formatted for Windows , not Apple . After doing some file comparisons , I discovered about a gig worth of photos that never made the transfer . A simple copy/paste operation later , and everything was up to snuff.I 'll get an enclosure for my old 250 gig drive , and although I borrowed this product from a friend , I 'll be picking up my own soon because it 's simply too useful to not have one on hand . It will turn virtually any hard drive created within the last 10 years into an immediately accessible USB drive . I would n't use this in place of an enclosure for any drive I wanted to use regularly , but if you need to move data from a loose drive to another source , this is a great tool to have on hand . Full 5 stars across the board !
 This device works well , exactly as advertised . I had a laptop that would n't boot any longer . Removing the hard drive and attaching it to a new laptop through the USB port was a cinch using this . All data safely restored to the new laptop , easily .
 Needed to retrieve data from a SATA HDD from a toasted PC and worked swiftly . No hassle . Please keep in mind this is a rescue solution . I you want to recycle an internal HDD to external backup/storage unit , I recommend : Rosewill RX358 RX-358-U3S Full Aluminum Cover , metal tray 3.5 '' Silver -LRB- or Black -RRB- USB 3.0 External Enclosure for SATA Hard Drive Use -LSB- notice I recommended a USB 3.0 device since it provides better transfer rates -RSB-
 I was a Sys admin until I changed jobs . I have used this thing on and off for the last 3 years with no problems . If you need to mount a hard fast , you need this device !
 Dead Linux box with two big harddrives and 3 different file systems -LRB- ext3 , ext2 , reiser -RRB- . Follow the directions -LRB- exactly ! -RRB- and run ` fdisk - l' and there they are!I would recommend a pause between plugging in the power supply and plugging in the usb cable , give the drive time to spin-up and come online before attaching the usb cable to the computer -LRB- 30-60 seconds was more than enough -RRB- .
 This item was perfect for what I needed
 It works perfectly . Self explanatory . Did not even read the instructions . Plugged it into my hard drive . Connected to USB , and my computer saw my old hard drive right away . No problem ! , , , ,
 After reading about the power supply burning out and killing the HD , I was a bit worried getting this . Received after a week and plugged the PS in to test . It did not get hot so hooked my IDE and worked fine . Of the different HDs I tested , I used no jumpers . So far I 've had no issues but still cautious about the PS.Enjoy , I recommend .
 Right out of the box , easy to hook up and connect . I have a variety of drives from laptops and desktops , IDE and SATA and very little trouble getting them to work . Some are over ten , fifteen , years old so I had to play with the master jumper to get XP to recognize them -LRB- even tho the instructions say set to master -RRB- but they all worked . -LRB- I never tried a DVD or CD player but I did n't buy it for those . -RRB- But it is so awesome to be able to hook up a drive , read the data or use it for back up while the computer is on ! Speed is fantastic as well !
 This has been one of the most helpful Hard Drive tools I have used in a long time set up is easy and use is wonderful . Hard to format drives running scans from ur own system it has a lot of uses.Recommend Highly
 Seamless transfers ... no problems with product use on Windows Vista with transfers from old XP and W2K hard drives .
 Awesome product . Helps me recover drives without any hassle into another computer . Great for backups !
 All you need to get old drives connected to your new system for copying stuff over . Plug stuff in , the new computer recognizes the old drive through the USB connector , and away you go . My pal in the next office borrowed the kit to try with an old ZIP 250 drive , and that did not work , but now that I think of it , maybe he did n't set the jumper on the ZIP drive to be the Master . Anyway , I know of no easier way to harvest stuff from an old drive . Pretty slick .
 This is a simple , wonderful device . It is intuitive and flexible and a potential life saver .
 I used this product to retrieve the files off my crashed computer 's harddrive ... the product was easy to use and self explanatory ... very user friendly for someone that knows very little about the inside of a laptop .
 This adaptor kit is worth every penny . I have used it on multiple occasions to find old files on my long retired IDE drives . A must have for anyone who works on computers .
 Very easy to use . Plug and use . No problem with connections . Allowed me to connect a working internal hard drive as USB to recover files . Previous computer had blown capacitors/resistors on MB
 I purchased this cable because I needed to look over some old IDE HDD 's that I had and I figured that if I was going to buy something to recover the data I should buy something able to be used on today 's technology -LRB- SATA -RRB- as well . I recently had a laptop die on me that had some data that I wanted to recover and this did the trick with out skipping a beat . A very useful tool for most situations .
 The item arrived quickly . I followed instructions and it worked great . As others have suggested , mind the orientation of the power plug when plugging the power supply into the disk drive . It MAY be possible to reverse it -LRB- with catastrophic results ... fried hard drive circuit -LRB- I guess ... I did n't try it . -RRB- -RRB-
 Product arrived on time . Came with all parts , as listed . Connected easily , worked when attached to HD . No problems , so far .
 Ordered this product based on good experience with Sabrent . Product arrived in 3 days ! Easy to use and does what it 's designed to do ! Can not beat the pricing , which includes free USPS delivery ! Will do repeat business with both this vendor -LRB- Store4PC -RRB- and Amazon.com
 The cables worked as promised and helped me upgrade to a much larger drive with the help of Acronis . The reason I did not give it 5 stars is mainly due to the lack of instructions . Still once you figure out how it works , everything worked like a charm .
 Works great ! I was able to recover data from several IDE hard drives from computers that had died . Also recovered data from the hard drive of an old IBM ThinkPad 365XD .
 This box is so cheap ! I could n't build the box for as much as I bought this one for . The MDF is heavy duty , and all the joints are sealed with silicone to keep out the air . The back panel has inset gold plated binding posts . I recommend buying a grate and fiber fill right now on amazon . I did n't , and it 's been about a year and I still have n't gotten around to it . Very impressive product , highly recommended .
 I have one Kenwood in this box and hits perfectly ! This is the best deal I could find on a box and I am confident that I made the right choice .
 I love this box . It 's well made and looks great in the trunk of my 07 Sonata . I also bought some of the threaded inserts to install the sub and they work great too .
 I have used this product for several years , working for someone else . I bought them for my own business when I had the opportunity , on the basis of their very good performance and reliability . This product does stand mistreatment . They are also very good in terms of `` bang for buck '' . This is a very good purchase .
 Got an older PC you want to upgrade ? Dose it have those good ol' 184-pin DDR slots ? Then this is the thing for you ! -LRB- Please note
 As light stands go , these are a good bang for your buck . They 're tall and they get the job done . On the negative side , the joints are a little stiff and getting it to open can be a bit of a chore some times , but hey , overall , they 're great .
 I 've been using these stands for approximately three months now with no problems -LRB- with the exception of one lost plastic t-nut , but that 's my fault -RRB- . They seem to be durable and fairly strong . They 're not the largest stands and thus I would n't plan on flying a super heavy head with a large modifier at the full 8 ' foot extension . It can probably be done but I 'm not sure about it . However if you 're not using monoblocs outside in possibly windy conditions then this is a pretty good option for you . Obviously it 's a good idea to use sandbags any time you 're using lightstands , especially around other people.I 'm mostly going strobist style with them using umbrella clamps to mount Nikon SB 's and some medium size modifiers and they work great for that.I 've occasionally had a little trouble with the sliding plastic collar sticking as you push it down to slide out the legs . I think I 'm going to try a light teflon lubricant -LRB- from mtn . bike fork stanchions -RRB- to remedy this . But really , it does n't happen very often .
 Will it blow over in the wind ? Sure , like most stands . So weight it . Lightweight , portable , easy to set up , great-looking results with strobe and umbrella . Inexpensive . What 's not to LOVE ?
 It 's the 1st and only lightstand I own . When put to it 's limit extension , it seems a bit unstable , but so far nothing bad happened . If its possible , I use a gaffer/duct tape to make sure it 's securely sticked to the floor . Outside , sandbags are a must , of course .
 I used Lexar Media Multi Card REader in my P2120 Fujitsu laptop via a USB 2 PC-Card adapter . It 's truly plug-and-play without any need of drivers in Windows XP .
 Completely satisfied with the Lexar Media Multi Card Reader . Simple and easy to use .
 I did not have any of the problems that any of the other reviewers seemed to have . I plugged the unit in upon arrival . My HP desktop found the readers immediately . I of course did n't read the documentation -LRB- duh -RRB- and had to figure out which port would work with my Xd card . Love the product and it was delivered very quickly after the order . I think it was 4 days ! If you are running XP Home and have a good pc with working USB ports , you should n't have any problems . I never even used the enclosed CD .
 I had my card reader for about 2 years now and it started to not read my compact flash card . I have to remove the flash card multiple times to get it to read the card . Other times I have to disconnect the entire card reader and reconnect it . These card readers have small pins inside so it 's easy to bend one or knock one out of place . I had to play with the pins inside and eventually one broke off . So , be carefull inserting your memory cards.The USB cable could be longer , the cable that comes with the reader is 3 feet . If your computer is sitting on the floor -LRB- like mine -RRB- - five or six feet would be better . You may consider getting a longer cable like I did if the short one starts driving you crazy .
 Card reader is easy to use , compact & affordable -- and it arrived quickly -- thanks .
 I ordered a Lexar Media Multi Card Reader . I did n't know there was such a thing . When it came everything worked perfect and for a price everyone could afford .
 I 'm using this at home . My wife and I have different cameras with different cards , so this works well for me . The only quibble I have -LRB- I hate to be so petty , but this IS a review -RRB- is that the cord comes out of the left side -LRB- as I face the openings -RRB- . If it came out of the rear , it would be better for my purposes . Maybe a USB socket on both sides ?
 I work at a photography studio where our cameras use different types of cards , and I need my USB ports for other peripherals . This reader takes up one port and downloads all types of cards quickly . I bought one of these a few years back and recommended it to my boss after he bought another reader at an office supply store that turned out to be junk . Save yourself the time and hassle and invest in this reader .
 I have been using this card reader for over a year , and it 's never had any problems . It 's the easiest thing to use and I highly recommend it .
 Easy to hookup and Windows XP displays the drives of the Lexar . Easy to drag and drop files into the drives . Highly recommended .
 Does n't get any better than this . I plugged it into the USB port , inserted a Lexar 2GB CF module and it worked , unlike the Sakar unit that I wasted $ 20 on .
 purchased it cause my older pc card reader quit . . just popped in the install cd and plugged in to usb port works fine ...
 This Card Reader is fast and very easy to operate.I have ordered 3 more units.Excellent Product ...
 The unit combines all of the most common media typescurrently in use . It is very convenient to use and it comesin a neat desk-top configuration .
 This card reader worked great and does not appear to have any problems at all . For the price I am well pleased
 Worked just like it was supposed to , right out of the box . I have an old camera that takes SmartMedia cards , and I needed it for that . Works perfect .
 I bought this item because I read somewhere that a Linux -LRB- Debian -RRB- user had success on his machine . I am using the 7.10 KUbuntu Linux distribution . I was pleased to find that all I had to do was plug the unit into my USB port and it was immediately operational . So far I have tried a 256Mb compact flash , a 4Gb -LRB- GigaByte -RRB- SDHC -LRB- high Capacity -RRB- , a 2Gb High SD ` Ultra ' II , and a 2Gb mini-SD . I love it ! It recognized . Mov files and just about everything I threw at it . The device is surprisingly fast for a USB , an added bonus .
 I bought the card , put it in my XP Professional and it worked , no fuss , no muss . I can even attach an extension antenna to it . I doubt it makes much difference in range , but it looks very geeky and I like that .
 I got this card to use on a used IBM Thinkpad I got on eBay.Being semantically challenged yet brave to try out new tech toys , I predicted I would have trouble getting things to work , as I can barely operate a can opener . To add to the fun , I quit using Windows 98 in favor of SuSE Linux 8.1 Pro the same week.Amazingly , I did n't even need the included driver CD that came with the card to make it go . I just tweaked the network settings in the Linux setup tool area , and boom ... I was on the air talking to my Belkin wireless router at warp speed . If only ALL of my upgrades and add-ons went this smooth !!! I almost opted for Orinoco 's Silver card , but paid the extra few bucks for the better encryption security . Now , if only I could figure out how to turn the encryption ON ... = ; ^ -RRB-
 I use this card for the wireless network in my law school and get great reception , even when the network node is two or three floors away.One of my friends uses a Belkin card and can only get reception if he 's in line-of-sight of the network node . After one week , he returned the other card and got the Orinoco !
 This card was quite easy to install and configure , even without my knowing much about computers . It took me about 30 minutes to get it up and running . The card has good range -LRB- from my basement to the second floor -RRB- and the speed is also great . It does seem to slow , however , when a cordless phone is being used in the same area . Overall , I 'm quite happy with it .
 I finally got my hands on this one . Even though the support may not be the best , the card is great . It was fairly easy to get the driver updated and also the firmware updated . Works like a charm with Linksys wireless router ...
 I recently got this card after hearing the horror stories with the Linksys cards . I love this card it give me great coverage all over my house . I am using it with a Linksys router . Great Buy !
 I recommend ppl to try out this wireless card . First I bought Dlink DWL-650 for about the same price and the signal reception was really bad . I then returned the card and bought this one as the review was good . And I was suprise to see the quality of the signal reception on this card . I got excellent reception on the same location compared to ` very low ' using the Dlink card . I mostly use this card in my university and I am very amazed with the quality . Get this card , do n't be fooled by the cheaper price on other products .
 The initial installation with the supplied software was very quick and easy ; it only took about 5 minutes . I use this card when I 'm on campus . Because the IT department there supports the card , they have instructions on how to configure the card to work with their network . Although the instructions were a bit dated , that configuration took another 10 minutes . Once that was done , I 've had no problems connecting to the network . I 'd consider the performance to be very good , but I do n't know what that 's worth because I sit within 50 feet of the access point anyway and I do n't move either .
 I have had no problems with this card and it picks up signals from longer distances than my old card .
 A great 802.11 b laptop wireless card that allows for easy connection of an external antenna .
 Its reviews made me to buy this one and it is really a good buy and an excellent product . I hardly have any dropped signals and range too is very good . Easy setup and nice software bundle .
 I read a lot of good reviews about this and went ahead and bought it . Works fantastic . No dropped connections and signal strength is great . I have a Netgear MR814 wireless router by the way . I highly recommend this .
 I have Dlink-614 + router , WIFI certified , then I purchased a SMC EZ Connect wireless PC card for my laptop , not certified . They all support 802.11 b standard , but they never talk to each other even though I put them head to head . Supporting 802.11 b , it 's nothing , do n't believe that . Certified products are a little bit expensive , but they are reliable . If you need your laptop talk to different networks , you need a certified PC card . If your budget is tight , you can choose non-certified router and PC card from the same manufacture.The SMC tech support people worked hard to help me , but it just did not work . I sold it and purchased this orinoco card . It 's certified , and it works out of box . This is an old card , it needs 5 V to work , so it sucks more power , and it seems to be a 16 bit non-cardbus card , but I did not see any impact on speed or stability . This card is great .
 My husband and I spent a lot of time figuring out what kind of wireless card to get for our IBM ThinkPads . After scouring reviews everywhere , I found that this particular card had received a lot of high marks.We ordered one , figuring that we would see how well it worked , and how difficult the setup was . We got the card , and I let my husband have first go at it . It was easy to set up . Within minutes , he was able to connect to the router . Granted we run Windows 2000 , and we followed the installation direction to a T.When it came time for me to install it on my computer , it took longer for me to enter in the data to connect to the router than the install did . Neither my husband nor I had any problems with the install , and even after reformatting my computer a few days ago , it took me no time at all to be back in the wireless love.We live in a 2 floor townhouse , and we have no problems connecting to the router no matter where we are . I can easily use my computer on the screened in porch or in the kitchen . The signal is strong , and I 've never had any problems.All in all , do n't scrimp and save -LSB- a few bucks -RSB- by buying another card . This card is worth every penny . After reading the horror stories for other cards , it makes me very happy that I did the research and picked this card from the start .
 I purchased this card after failing to get Linksys ' WPC11 to work with my Toshiba laptop -LRB- a common problem according to numerous users on Toshiba 's tech support online forum -RRB- . Installation is trivial with Windows XP
 ... WinXP already had all the drivers needed . Another 5 minutes to change my ESSID , enable WEP , and set my WEP 128-bit key , and I was securely connected to my network . I know performance while using WEP `` should '' suffer , but I did n't see any difference - still connected at 11 mbps , and surfing the web at 4.5 mbps via my ATTBI cable . And it did n't change much when I started walking around my house -LRB- 2 story 2800 sq.ft . -RRB- . The worst signal I had was in my garage sitting in my car with doors closed - 85 % . Ca n't even compare with WPC11 I had , where my signal and link quality would drop to 15-30 % every time I had a wall between laptop and AP . So , do n't cut corners and try to save a few bucks by going with cheaper brands - spend extra $ 20 and you 'll be happy you did .
 I bought one for my Powerbook G3 -LRB- bronze keyboard -RRB- and it slid right into the PCMCIA slot on the left side . Set up my wireless network with a Netgear wireless router -LRB- M314 -RRB- and I was on the ` Net in fifteen minutes . Easy install . -LRB- I believe Orinoco manufactured the first Apple Airports cards , too -RRB- .
 This card was recommended to me by a friend who has written a book on how to set up a wireless network . The card , he said , is manufactured with superior components . I was tempted to buy other wireless PC cards that purport to do the same thing but cost $ ... instead of $ ... , but in this case I took my friend 's advice -- and I 'm very glad I did . The card works very well . I 've used it in a two-year-old ThinkPad running Windows 2000 , an ancient ThinkPad 760EL running Windows 95 , and a new Gateway running Windows XP . No problems with any of them .
 ORiNOCO PC GOLD CARD . I installed this and updated the driver on windowsupdate.mircosoft.com instantly . I am running both Windows XP and Red Hat 8 and it works great on both platforms . Very cool!What can I say , I love it !
 A breeze to install at least with XP and an SMC router . I have my router set up in the basement and I have great to good range all the way up to the third floor attic and out on my back deck . -LRB- ahh the convenience -RRB- . Completely what I expected .
 I bought this Orinoco Gold card with a Linksys router.I instantly enabled 128 bit encryption , disabled broadcast SSID -LRB- switched SSID -RRB- and also enabled MAC filering.This all took less then 10 minutes . The card installed fineand there was an update from windowsupdate that also updated the firware . Works great !
 To those of you laptop users who are searching for a way to get into the world of wireless networking , here is by far the greatest card for the money I have ever seen.First of all , let me say that I owned the DLink 22Mbps card before I purchased this one after becoming disgusted with how the card refused to work . I purchased this card after hearing Tech Support at work say that it is a decent card . After a somewhat difficult configuration period -LRB- the one criticism I have for the card is that the software installation and configuration was a bit more tricky than implied by the instructions -RRB- I got the card to work marvelously . It grabs and holds signals incredibly well . I 've sat in the hallway outside of my lab and left the card on observation to see how many antennas it was detecting , and found it was picking up the antennas at the opposite end of the corridor , easily 500 feet away.The only complaints I have with the card are the instructions -LRB- I already mentioned -RRB- and the fact that it has difficulty dealing with concrete walls , but I suspect any card would have problems with the 4 '' cinderblock walls with 2 '' of plaster on either side that exist in my building . Do n't waste your time , money , and energy on a cheaper card - spend a little more money and get a card you can depend on .
 By far the best wireless card I 've seen in use . I get signals well outside the range of any of my friends and colleagues . Driver support in virtually any OS and its also supported by NetStumbler for wardriving or general network detection . I 'd recommend scrapping the software it comes with , and just using the WiFi capabilities of your OS , if they offer them . Also has support for an external antenna , to further extend your effective signal reception . I do n't see myself using any WiFi cards aside from the Orinoco series .
 I recently purchased Dell Inspiron 5100 notebook and LinkSys wireless access point router BEFW11S4 with intention to build a simple network of two computers -LRB- one wireless and one direct line -RRB- . Connected the router with my desktop computer first , followed setup instructions -LRB- router manual -RRB- and got connected to the Internet in no time -LRB- have Motorola cable modem SB4200 -RRB- . After that , I connected the Inspiron -LRB- direct cable to the router -RRB- , run network Wizard in Win XP and established connection between both computers and Internet . As the last step , I installed the Orinoco software , disconnected Inspiron and router and inserted Orinoco Gold card into Inspiron . Again , using Network Connection option in XP , computer practically connected itself to the network and I was able to share both Internet connection and files/printer accross the house . Have n't tried 128 bit encryption yet . After more then a month , network works just fine with the all above components . This card is great .
 I got an inspiron 8600 from a friend . The plastics on it were pretty busted up . the HD tray fits like new .
 I have used the `` replacement '' grade cartridge several times now and have found no difference between the higher priced brand name unti .
 Very good product . Was a good buy , not just for the money but also for the quality . Worth every cent . This message says it all I do n't know why they want 20 more words .
 I was a little skeptical -- well , very skeptical -- but thought that the risk was worth the savings . And so far it has been ! I have had no issues with the cartridge and the ink prints as well as any other .
 I know sometimes re-manufactured cartridges can not work as well as originals , but this one works just like original . Perfect price too !
 We have had our Ben-Q for over 4 years . We have not had one ioda of problems with it.We have used one lamp and will soon buy a new one.Thanks to Projector-People there were no surprises.Would buy Ben-Q again.Debra
 I purchased two Orinoco Silver PC cards , one for my old G3 Powerbook -LRB- Wallstreet -RRB- and one for my daughter 's Dell Latitude laptop . They both work great and get very good signals and data transfer speeds from anywhere in the house.Installing on the Dell Latitude -LRB- w/Win ME -RRB- was easy . Install the drivers from the included CD and plug in the card and I was on my wireless home network using 64 bit WEP for security.Installing on the Macintosh Powerbook was more problematic . The CD that comes with this card has a folder containing Mac drivers but they did n't work for me . However , I some net searching told me that this is the same card sold as Apple 's Airport card and that I could use Apple 's Airport drivers . So I downloaded and installed Airport 2.0.2 -LRB- which works with MacOS 9.0.4 and up -RRB- . Because my Powerbook is old -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , I ca n't upgrade past MacOS 9.1 and ca n't use the latest Airport drivers -LRB- 2.0.4 -RRB- but the 2.0.2 work fine and support 64 bit WEP which I use on my home network.My home network is based on the Netgear FM411P router/firewall/access point/print server which works great with these cards .
 I have tried out several wireless lan cards , linksys , d-link , etc. and none have come close to the performance of the orinoco card . My Linksys card ... dropped to 2 mps when i moved into the next room . In contrast , my orinoco silver card stayed at 11mps even when i was two stories down -LRB- access point on 2nd floor of house and i was in basement -RRB- ... It definately the BEST performing card on the market .
 Often times , as you may know , a particular product 's quality among various manufacturers is very similar , with any difference being more media hype than actual performance . However , in certain cases -LRB- like with memory sticks for example -RRB- the difference is drastic . Here is yet another case.It 's well known among the `` techie '' community that Orinoco 's -LRB- either silver or gold -RRB- are the best wireless cards , and by a wide margin . Their performance is a drastic improvement over any other card , and as evidenced in one of the ratings , this card allows you to use your computer/laptop in places you would n't think possible . Hope this helps .
 There 's lots that 's good about this little card , but the best thing of all is that it works with my 5-year old Newton MessagePad 2100 with a driver that 's downloadable from the Internet .
 Good product , good price and very fast shipping . A perfect transaction . Highly recommended .
 im hoping i can order more right now.this product is great and is so much cheaper than any computer shops
 These work fantastic and the price was great . Could n't get them to work at first because of an error message then found out that the steel guide rod was horrible . 8 cotton balls with alcohol did n't get it 100 % clean . Make sure to do this !!!
 First let me say I have two printers I use and the one that is using these cartridges is NOT used for pictures or intense printing so I ca n't review the cartridges based on that . Having said that , I do use the machine a lot for faxing , basic copies/printing and I have been pleased with the overall output of these cartridges - no smearing or lines as I have experienced with past refurb cartridges for this printer . I have a Lexmark x6170 that I am using the ink in and it had no trouble recognizing or using the cartridges . For the value , I would highly recommend this product !
 The price was one fifth of the retail price for the Lexmark brand ink cartridges . I like this ink even better .
 OCProducts ink cartridge - excellent product ! Was recieved quickly and works perfectly . This has been one of my best orders . Thank you OCProducts !
 I got them and they worked perfectly . I thought I had gotten crap because when I first put it in , I actually did not put it in all the way so the color did not come out . Until I figured that it was my fault , I printed it again and it came out as good as it can get . For $ 15 you really ca n't go wrong . Normal prices are easily $ 50 !
 Product was great ! Fully compatible with my printer and I saved about 3 times the amount versus the brand name product . Shipping was timely and item was in good condition . Would use this seller again !
 My second order ... love it . After I learned to dampen my skin it goes on like butter . Love the way my skin feels even two days later ! I recommend it !
 I like this TV . Great multi-window feature and I love the screens outer design . Very stylish , looks very modern and professinal . Great picture , works great with DVD , feels just like the theater , without spending over $ 5000 on a 16:9 HDTV . I just bought a Pioneer ELITE HDTV for my bedroom , and it 's the only TV that 's superior to this one .
 Essentially , this review 's title speaks for itself...Lite-On -LRB- a very well respected company with deep roots in the Macintosh world -RRB- has put together a GEM of a CD/DVD burner at a price that almost can be looked at as a misprint at first!For under $ 40.00 you get an optical burner that offers basically , the highest burning speeds in the market -LSB- as of November 2006 -RSB- ! In fact , some of the higher-end burning speeds are not readily available at the time of this writing ! It 's hard these days to find Hardware Specs that are actually AHEAD of the Supporting Media available ; to those who can , remember when you bought CD-R media ` rated ' at 32x , but the fastest drive on the market at the time could only burn at 16x ? Anyhow , I own three of these drives that run beautifully in three different hardware and operating system environments.Here are the bullet points -LRB- not necessarily in order -RRB- of the reasons why I highly recommend this drive to others shopping-around ... 1 . Not a Whitebox model - It ships w / manuals , companion software -LRB- Nero & PowerDVD -RRB- and audio cable -LRB- Black-to-Black -RRB- . The only cable NOT included is a 40-pin -LRB- or 80 -RRB- IDE Ribbon .2 . Universal Compatibility - Works flawlessly in WinXP , Mac Os X , & -LRB- RedHat -RRB- Linux .3 . Dual faceplates INCLUDED - You can choose between Black or Beige/Off-White to match the PC 's case .4 . External Compatibility - This is an ideal drive to put in an empty 5.25 '' USB and/or Firewire Enclosure ; the `` do-it-yourself '' approach to making your own external CD/DVD Burner is not only enjoyable , but it will save you LOTS of $ $ $ along the way .5 . Blank Media Freindly - Thus far , I have yet to find a brand of media that the Lite-On drive does n't like . Plus , all the DVD Movies I 've made play great on different set-top DVD players .6 . And Finally the specifications regarding how FAST the drive BURNS the following -LRB- Blank -RRB- Media Types : < > CD-R
 This was an incredible buy at under $ 40 . It suggests that you make it a primary drive and any existing drives a slave , but circumstances decided for me that this would be my secondary -LRB- slave -RRB- drive on channel two . As a result , it 's probably slower to access than it would otherwise be , but it is n't very slow at all . Switching it for my old , dead CD-RW drive should have taken only minutes had I not had problems with cables and screws , but within minutes of getting the Lite-ON hooked up , I was loading software , playing DVDs and burning CDs . And all this with LESS than recommended power . I have a 1.05 GHz computer and it recommends a 1.4 GHz processor . I imagine that I wo n't be able to burn double layer DVDs as such and maybe burning single layer DVDs will be out of the question -LRB- I do n't know , MAYBE it 'll just be slow . -RRB- But CDs are my main concern and it 's done everything I need it to.This drive came with Nero burning software . I had Adaptec/Roxio before and the change in software takes some getting used to . As a matter of fact , some Nero programs wo n't even start loading if you have any remants of old burning software still on your system . Fortunately , the nero website -LRB- http://www.nero.com -RRB- has free cleaner tools for you to download.I have Win ME and have to not only turn off all backgrond software -LRB- including my firewall -RRB- but clean boot to watch some DVDs without problem . I have 756MB memory , but some hi-res discs -LRB- like Madagascar -RRB- I could n't get to run properly -LRB- kept halting -RRB- , but B&W ; `` Our Gang '' DVDs worked fine . -LRB- It 's probably the processor speed thing again . -RRB- The Bezel -LRB- faceplate -RRB- IS interchangeable , however it is so hard to remove , I left it black in a beige case . That was the only draw back -LRB- NOT a big deal . -RRB- I am very impressed with how quickly it burns and how quietly . Standard Shipping from Tiger Direct went incredibly fast , too , -LRB- 14hrs from order to receipt . -RRB-
 The Burning at 16x speed for a single layer dvd took about 10 minutes which is good but at times it takes longer than this if there are other programs in the background taking up memory . Nero is the best software to use with this dvd writer . Setting it up was easy as long as you have an extra power cable and a host cable . Fortunately I had old cables to plug in the dvd writer . When I ordered this dvd writer it didnt come with any cables which is inconvenient . It should be a complete package .
 No complaints . Works like it 's supposed to.Make sure your drivers are up to date by visiting the manufacturers website .
 This NAS is completely 100 % plug and play . Installation and setup was less than five minutes . If you are in the market for a NAS , look no further this is the best Network Attached Storage out there . Best of all the print server works great without sweating the configurations . No complains at all except that there is no backup software which I do n't really want . It does n't required a fan but sometimes it get hot . But the manual states that this condition is ok . I have completely eliminated my network file sharing system as this network drive can be access with all the computer sleeping and printing is superb ... I have test drive it for more than 2 weeks now and I have every reasons to believe that this product deserves unlimited stars ... Nice Job SimpleTech
 This is an excellent addition to any home network . It 's very easy to install -LRB- I had it going on three computers in less than 30 minutes -RRB- ; the print server portion of the hard drive is not as easy to setup . It found my printer with little effort , but did not want to share it . The manual does a poor job telling you how to set up the printer . It also does not offer the best security , so make sure you have a good firewall.If you want to buy it from Amazon.com through CompUSA -LRB- their third party vendor -RRB- , however , be warned ; I bought it through Amazon , and received a regular 160 GB external hard drive . I took it to CompUSA , and was informed that it was listed wrong , and that there is no such thing as an Office server . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Have had one of these running for well over a year without any problems.Did not really appreciate the quality of the NAS firmware in this drive until we recently purchased a Maxtor Shared Storage II 500 Gb NAS only to find out that the Maxtor only works on networks configured as a Workgroup . Unbelievable . In layperson terms if your computers are joined to a domain , you can not browse to the Maxtor NAS drive in Network Neighborhood , which means your backup software can not write to it , as well , you can not image to it , or restore from it.This OLDER SimpleTech drive works great . You can join a domain , or leave it in a workgroup.As for those that comment that hard drives ` suddenly fail ' from time to time ... duh ... so so tapes , CDs , DVDs , and for that matter ... people .
 Great for extra space on my laptop . It is small and fits enywhere too .
 I recently bought this to save music from my DJ laptop so that I had a backup . I chose this model due to price and the ability to also save from my desktop compter.Let me start out by saying that I am no computer wizard . I like to think I know a little more than a novice , but I am far from going to a Star Trek convention if you know what I mean . This was the simplest set up I have ever seen . All I did was pop in the disk and it stepped me through the process in under 5 minutes . The only problem that I had was that it would n't take the default user and password in the middle of the processunless I tried a fake one first . Of course , I could be the problem there . Either way it was very easy to get loaded and mapped on both computers , and works like a charm so far . You simply plug it in to your network and go.This is a great product for the simple user that does n't know everything about a computer and has ample storage for those of us that are n't big gamers or movie savers.If you 're looking for a simple -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , effective way to back up most of your stuff , this is it . As long as you can get it for a good price -LRB- like under $ 100 -RRB- . 160 gig is already smaller in the computer world , but it is plenty enough for me . And trust me when I said it is easy to set up !
 This is a plug-n-play product . Installation took less than 10 minutes . Product was easy to configure with printer and it works great .
 I had a 7 year old Magnavox 46 '' and thought that was full featured . When I received this one I could not believe how sharp it is on standard cable . Since then I purchased a polarized glare screen and a DVD with a color stream interface . The set is easier to setup and use than a lot of them I looked at . The standard front synthesized surround sound feature is the best quality audio I have ever heard from a TV . This is the most expensive TV I 've ever purchased but is amoung the best buys.The only thing that put me at an inconvenience is the placement of the main rear panel RF/AV input and output connections . All my other equipment is setup on the wrong side of the set . The front panel AV jacks are convenient though . Overall I think this TV is amoung the best in the industry regardless of price .
 This is our first large set and man did we get it right . The picture clarity is wonderful , the sound great , and plenty of inputs.We had a 19 inch Toshiba that lasted for 17 years ! Replaced that with a 27 in GE , which was a dismal tv . In the shop a month after the warranty ran out . So , when we wanted to replace it we went straight back to Toshiba.You ca n't beat this picture in a non-hdtv set ! My only complaint is with the remote . The batteries go in the top of the device which makes it quite top heavy and not that comfortable to hold .
 This television is the best purchase I have made in the last ten years . The picture quality rivals anything you will ever see in the near future . It has every possible input you will ever need . The supplied remote is very user-friendly . Video games are spectacular on this screen . One thing , this television needs to be in a very large room . I am limited to fourteen feet in distance from viewing area to the T.V. Another five or six feet would be perfect . Anyone considering a unit in this price range owes it to themselves to give this on a try ... Happy viewing . .
 At the present time there is not that much programming in HDTV , but it is changing fast . It is limited to broadcast TV . Jay Leno and Monday Night Football are the first to come to mind . At present the digital satellite dishes do n't support HDTV-I 'm told they will soon . Satellite still provides a better quality signal than cable systems . It will be 2002 before HDTV is in widespread use.For display purposes this is the best quality image in a TV you can get . Is it worth the price ? Not yet considering limited amount of programming . In another year the price will have dropped some and you will be able to take advantage of HDTV quality.If you want to buy a big screen TV now , if you ca n't wait for Monday Night Football , then this is the one to buy . For the best picture quality get a digital satellite dish , with a local broadcast antenna and this TV.If you can wait another year , that would be a better time to buy .
 We love TV , so when we decided to upgrade our 27 inch , we went shopping for a family Christmas present . We were looking for 36 inch or maybe 40 inch direct view . This TV caught our eye and we were sold . We have had it for two years -LRB- yes , we were the first in our area to own it -RRB- and it has surpassed our expectations . We receive the clearest picture ever and do n't even own the converter or subscribe to digital from our cable company . I promise , you wo n't be disappointed ! DVD with this TV is unreal ... Do n't wait , this TV is the future . .
 This model has just come to canada this year , and when i got the chance to audition it , and its little brother the TW56X81 56 '' my answer was clear but which one would i choose . These tv 's are identical in every way except for size . I would recommend this tv even to my enemy . Totally ready for the future . `` 5 stars '' BY the way i bought 56 because it 's all i could accomadate .
 This is a 2 year old model and the new model is $ -LSB- money -RSB- less and is alot better . Model number on the new one is 65HX81 , it is now called the cinema series , and it is toshibas top of the line . I own the 50 inch model and it is awesome . If you buy one , make sure you buy it from a dealer with ISF certification , that is needed to calibrate the set after a burn in time of 3 months . It is usually around $ -LSB- money -RSB- , but if the person you buy it from has the certification and the equipment , it might be free . Mine was . All projection tvs need to be calibrated after burn in , then every 1-2 years . Picture quality is greatly increased , and so is tv life . Only ISF trained people with the proper equipment can do this . ISF.com .
 This item was literally a lifesafer . We were the primary caregiver of my mother in law and she lived in an adjacent town . We set it up to call my wife and myself.It was a very reliable device andserved us well . You do need a phone line in the house to use it .
 This item works as advertised . We bought extra transmitters to place around the house for grandma -LRB- i.e , bottom of steps -RRB- . Tested all transmitters and all transmitters successfully called everyone we programmed into the device . It is a smaller 2 story home , but it worked from basement , upstairs and outside in the yard . A great substitute for the monitored alert systems and saves us significant $ since there are no recurring charges .
 i 've had this tv for almost 5 months , and i love it . for those of you trying to decide between widescreen -LRB- 16x9 -RRB- and normal -LRB- 4x3 -RRB- tv 's , do yourself a favor -- get the widescreen , you wo n't regret it . the tv gives you different viewing modes for 4x3 material -- letterbox , stretch -LRB- uniformly or nonuniformly -RRB- , or crop . i usually stretch the 4x3 material -- for the first day the images look wide , but you stop noticing after that.i love the component inputs , and that the tv will accept progressive scan materal . i have n't done any hdtv viewing , but 480i , 480p , and 540p material looks great ! you 'll definitely want to pair this tv with a progressive scan dvd player like the toshiba 5109 or 6200 . it 's definitely worth getting the set calibrated by an ISF professional -- they can adjust overscan , focus , colors , etc. if you 're daring , you can look online for sites that will tell you how to do this stuff yourself.the only two shortcomings that i have with this tv are
 Overall , this is a very good 802.11 b adapter . The USB client is oriented vertically , which is the ideal situation for wireless adapters . It 's also spiffy looking , and is n't so bad to have sitting on your desk . The client software is superb and probably the best out there . Agere/Orinoco tries to update their drivers frequently , usually through quarterly releases . Reception is generally good . Their support department is pretty good , usually answering calls within several minutes . They claim that they will only offer tech support the adapter for 90 days , but I have not actually tested this out . The warranty is considerably longer than that.However , there are some caveats that probably apply to all USB wireless adapters as well . You might run into compatibility problems with your computer , especially if you have a motherboard with a VIA chipset . The orinoco has a known problem when working with VIA chipsets , and one solution is to upgrade the VIA drivers and your motherboard BIOS . Also , it is almost impossible to get Linux support for USB wireless adapters . If you want it working in Linux , go get the PC Card version .
 Slik Lighty Pod III Monopod with Slik SBH-100 Ball Head is a great mono Pod . Even this mono pod is a light weight , it is tough enough for normal use for DSLR cameras . And this product has built in ball head with which I can treat camera easily and smoothly in any occasion for taking pictures.I completely satisfied with this product .
 Silk makes very stable and very light ` pods ! I have a Silk Tri-Pod I 've been using since 1995 and the quality of that is beyond excellent ! I bought this mono-pod with the Silk excellence in mind ! Although it is a little too long in the folded-up position , i 'm okay with that ! Glad to have it !
 It 's light , compact-fits in a knapsack , very sturdy , easy to extend/retract . The ball head could be smoother , but for the price I do n't think you can beat it .
 Easy to use and with all the desired features anybody might want . The swivel head is very simple to use !
 For easy to carry stability this is an awesome tool . Fair price too.Have used several times and I enjoy the light weight and ease of use .
 I bought this to use with my new Nikon D3100 and I love it . It is great for using in tight places like my children 's school music recitals where you are packed shoulder to shoulder . I have started using it with my Sony HDR-CX130 camcorder as well for times where I have to hold the camcorder up for a longer period of time . I like how light-weight this unit is and easy to carry along . Much better than trying to lug around a tri-pod . Good quality construction and easy to use . I would highly recommend this monopod .
 I 'm so happy with this monopod ! It 's great for birding/wildlife photography , tried one without the ball head and did n't like it . I use this with a 500mm lens -LRB- little heavy -RRB- and it 's perfect-really helps keep the camera steady . It is also very lightweight ; I use it as a walking stick , but it will even fit in my backpack when hiking . Definitely recommend !
 All the other reviewers gave this monopod 5 stars & I have to join the group . When folded , it is compact enough for me , but I think some people would want it smaller for a back pack , etc. . I found it a great help supporting my camcorder while taking wildlife pictures . The ball head is really nice , but I think the plastic could be smoother , maybe nylon would be a better material . Over all , it preforms very well & I am very happy with it . It is well made , extends very smoothly , glad I purchased it .
 Lightweight , stable and easy to operate . The ball head works well . I 'm not sure how it would work with a heavy lens like a 2.8 tele zoom . I use a Nikon D-70 with a 70-300 4-5 .6 lens without problems .
 Overall , a very good monopod . I 've always been a fan of Slik . It 's light , so carrying it around is n't annoying . And the ballhead makes it very versatile . A lot of the monopods available do not have a ballhead . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I love my pod ! I learned about monopods at the very last minute before my trip so I did not get to do a lot of research before I bought this . I am very picky about the quality of an item and figured I would probably end up buying a better one at a later date.I am extremely pleased with the quality and functionality of this monopod . I am 5 ' 9 so I wanted something that would not require me to hunker over while trying to take a picture . Fully extended this comes around eye level then add the camera on top . Then I needed a swivel for those vertical pictures.Let me just say that my vertical pictures of geysers taken in high speed burst are incredible ! I walked around Yellowstone with my camera permanently attached to the monopod . I just collapsed it when not in use and when I saw another great picture , I was able to extend and shoot in seconds . It was so easy.I have a Panasonic Lumix so this monopod is more than capable of handling the weight . If you have a SLR , this will accommodate your needs weight wise but you should check on the diameter needed to attach it . It has a 1/4 inch.Let me mention the other pods that are made of different metals . After using this monopod , I ca n't see what the need would be to get something that claims it is made of better material . SLIK , in my opinion , has produced the best product with the height , swivel and quality.Also , in case you are wondering , I took this as a carry-on on the airplane with no problem . I called TSA after reading that pool cues were not allowed.Needless to say I have no need to search for another monopod !
 Read the reviews posted on Amazon . I decided to give it a try as my first monopod purchase . I ca n't believe the difference it makes when shooting with a heavy camera/lens . I was able to take my time shooting photos because I was n't weighed down by the weight of my telephoto lens . It 's super easy to use , comfortable to hold while shooting , very adjustable , lightweight -LRB- yet sturdy -RRB- , and compact enough to carry with you . I wish someone had recommended a monopod to me a long time ago ! My shots are sharper than without the monopod . Monopod more than exceeded my expectations . Would highly recommend it .
 I have had this monopod for several months , and own other monopods -LRB- the Bogen automatic which I love -RRB- and tripods . But I always find myself reaching for this one when I do n't need really heavy support . I keep two cameras `` ready ''
 Light , easy to use , and versatile ! There 's no quick release plate , but I never needed to take it off the camera because of the ball head . A quick tweak of the head can fit any position and way I want to hold the camera and the pod wo n't stick out away from your body which may get in other people 's way . Highly recommended .
 I found a tripod too heavy and cumbersome for my work as a documentation specialist , so I thought I 'd try this monopod . I think it 's a great device ! This one in particular is very light and compact . It peforms well , and it appears well made . It is easy to carry with myCaselogic SLRC-203 Large SLR Camera Bag -LRB- Black -RRB- , which provides a special feature for attaching mono and tripods .
 Excellent monopod . Sturdy construction , easy to use and light enough for backpacking and day hikes . At 6ft 1in tall , I like it 's extension length . Highly recommended .
 I wanted a monopod I could use as a walking stick too . This seems sturdy enough for that although I would n't want to put my full weight on it . It 's amazingly lightweight and compact . The quick release leg clamps make taking it down very easy to do . I worried that the ball head would n't hold my Canon 60D with my 70-200 f4 L zoom but it does for now . Of note , the ball head can be removed and replaced by a quick release mount if you wish .
 Awsome Monopod !! Very well made and weighs nearly nothing . Adjustments made easy because of design and construction . It will adjust to nearly any height you could ever use for a pod . Used for Shooting Football Games with Rebel T2i/75 -300 Telephoto Lense . Very stable and easy to adjust quickly . Great deal for anyone looking for a monopod you feel you can trust you camera on .
 I do n't know what was wrong with the other reviewer , but I had ZERO problems installing this card.Opened my case , installed the card , Windows found the card , loaded the drivers & I was on my way . Works great with my new external USB 2.0 CDRW.I definately recommend this card , it is a great value !
 I ordered this for my `` new '' Dell Dimension 4300 running Windows XP sp2 . It 's an old model computer -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , but it was brand when I got it last week cause the person I got it from had it unopened in the box in his apartment for 6 years . Only problem was the USB was still 1.1 . It took forever to transfer date from my 2.0 External Hard drive . I installed this USB high speed card in my PC in less than 5 minutes , booted up and after Windows installed the necessary drivers , was ready to go . I was back to 2.0 ! I 'm actually surprised how simple it was to install and that it instantly turned this PC into a 2.0 . Very happy with this purchase . Sorry to hear about the trouble Dustin Zuch had with it . I 've had similar problems trying to install other hardware so I know just what he 's talking about , but for me and this system , it installed without a hitch .
 So far , this is working as advertised in my Dell Dimension 8200 . -LRB- Pentium 4 , 1.5 Gig RAM -RRB- They work in XP and Ubuntu Linux as well . I 've used all of the four outside ports . . only thing is I have no idea what the interior port could be used for ... I 've plugged in my camera , a printer , the cradle for my iPAQ , and a Wacom tablet .
 This product works extremely well ! I am very happy with it . Which surprised me because I have had some bad experiences with the SIIG brand before ? I was initially very nervous about ever purchasing a SIIG whatever . I spent half the money on another one with a cheap VIA chipset , and had nothing but problems . I guess you get what you pay for . My computer
 I just purchased `` iJet wireless remote with bottom dock '' . Overall it seems pretty nice . It is really nice to be able to pause/play my iPod from across the room , or even in a different room . This simply was n't possible with any IR remove I tried . The RF remote is great.One minor annoyance I have noticed is that the remote buttons seem a little unresponsive at times . It seems I have to click firmly and hold just momentarily to affect the iPod . A quick click feels like it should work , but it does n't , at least not for me . It 's fine , but it surprised me a little . I thought it was n't working at first.My greatest disappointment was to find out that it only controls the headphone audio levels , as opposed to the line-level outputs through the dock connector . I am surprised this is not explained anywhere on their web site -LRB- which doestn ' say very much -RRB- . I saw `` Connect your iPod to your stereo and control it from anywhere up to 150 ft away ! '' and assumed it would work w / my home iPod dock -LRB- w / S-video out , etc. -RRB- , which it does , * except * for the volume control . To their credit , they do include a stereo RCA/Phono cable -LRB- and several remote clips -RRB- , but unfortunately for me the headphone signal levels do n't match the available inputs on my stereo.Overall I 'm satisfied , and impressed with the combination of RF and dock pass-through aspects . For stand-alone iPod use -LRB- in a backpack or whatever -RRB- it seems like it would be really nice -LRB- it even works when the `` hold '' switch is enabled on the iPod -RRB- . I 'm a bit disappointed about the lack of line-level/dock audio control .
 This works great . The remote works from all over the house.I like to hook my ipod up to my stereo and let it go on random all day . I have speakers throughout the house . The only problem is when I song I do n't like comes up , I either had to listen to it or go into the living room and flip the ipod . Not any more . I carry the small remote with me and can control the volume and -- yes -- get rid of that nasty loud Nirvana song my son loaded onto my ipod.My only complaint is that if you have your ipod in a case the bottom attachment will not fit . The fact that it has a passthrough means you can keep you ipod powered up and not run it on battery.This thing really works .
 After speaking to a colleague who owns an iJet -LRB- we both teach PE -RRB- and testing his one own iPhone 3 , I decided to purchase one for myself . I had read the reviews and was aware of the possible drawbacks -LRB- not being able to control the volume -RRB- and was fine with that . After opening the box , I hooked it up to my system . It didn &#8217; t work . I got a message saying that this device might cause some noise not associated with the music . That never happened but I could not get it to work . I went on line and did some searching and found a bulletin board where others have had issues also . I followed directions
 I have used this about a dozen times so far . Overall I am satisfied . It works great when you are in the same room . Kinda spotty when in a different room . I have a central stereo system in my house with the electronics in a closet in the middle . I like to hook my Ipod to the stereo when working around the house . I carry the remote and use it to cycle to the next song if I do n't want to listen to the one that shuffle has selected . Sometimes I have to push the button more then once , but it usually works . It is going through 3-4 walls in some cases .
 Very nice , perfect fit for my Bushnell binoculars . Traveled extensively with it last summer - held up well and plan to use it for many years to come .
 I liked the product . However , sadly the listing did not give exact measurements . Quality of the product was good.This case did not fit my binoculars . However , the company sent us a return shipping label at their expense .
 For the price these are actually very good cables they have rubber covers over the ends and work like a charm . The best part was the price these where cheaper than trying to make it yourself
 These da-lite screens are so widely used by professionals for a reason ! front or back projection , excellent screen materials and a sturdy frame , it all bundles into a tour-grade plastic case -LRB- durable -RRB- are just a few off the top of my head . I have been using these screens for years with great success ! when i had the opportunity to buy a great screen , from a great company -LRB- amazon -RRB- for a great price i had to have one . It is a plus that the manufacturer will sell replacement parts in the unlikely event i should damage something while setting up or tearing down a gig . It 's only drawback is that it takes a little more floor space to deploy than some of the tripod models .
 I 've had one for about 6 months now and I really enjoy it . The only negative I can say about it is the curvature of the screen , which pretty much guarenties if there is any souce of glare in the room , it will be reflected back at the viewers . The only way to get a flatter screen , though , is to pay a lot more money . The picture is sharp and bright . The remote is adequate for controlling my VCR and cable set-top box except for a few details such as viewing on-screen information from VCR or cable . One of the better remotes I use -LRB- I have WAY too many ! -RRB- I especially like the component video jacks for direct RGB input from the DVD player . I have no idea why Toshiba calls this `` ColorStream '' or why they claim it will only work with other Toshiba products .
 I have had it for two months now , I have enjoyed it so far . Consumer Report does n't give this TV that high of rating . I like it though , it has all the features I can ask for , two-tuner PIP , component video input , etc. . Consumer Report says its speaker is not good , but it works fine for me , maybe because I live in an apartment . I would recommend you buying a bigger size TV if you have a house . I had a 19 '' for 5 years , I got used to the 32 '' in a month .
 The program is great once you learn to use it . It comes with no guides . The online instructions are a little hard to find and lacking in detail . All of the third party books -LRB- `` For Dummies '' -RRB- do n't come out for months . Does anyone else remember when programs used to come with a `` How To '' Guide ????
 Sharepoint Designer is a very useful tool for those looking into Sharepoint design . It is intimidating and will take some time to understand , but it does allow for a very wide range of customization once you know its ins-and-outs . Microsoft has released Sharepoint Designer free of charge now . So you can save your money and spend it on the much-needed reference guides !
 do n't buy this . microsoft has released this for free now . just google it . the software pretty good for a free product ! i use it for all sorts of websites , not just for sharepoint . i love the fact that you can do `` split mode '' where you can see the code , and the WYSIWYG .
 Microsoft distributes SharePoint Designer for free . As mentioned by others , save your money for some books so you can figure out how to use it ! This software is not user friendly.SPD has a steep learning curve , but once mastered , is a powerful tool for manipulating SharePoint . If you 've never used custom workflows , read more about it - they can automate a lot of data movement between lists -LRB- among other things -RRB- .
 This has made working with certain parts of Sharepoint development very straight forward . This is a great product if your into web development .
 I cut my HTML teeth on the predecessor product called FrontPage and was at first disappointed when it was replaced with SharePoint Designer . The main reason was I used the built-in ability for FrontPage to display the final view of the website without having to launch the browser . This was a minor issue and certainly not enough to outweigh some of the newer functionality that SharePoint Designer includes . There are many newer products that provide similar website design capability such as Dream Weaver but I still use this tool for most of my website design .
 I use Sharepoint Designer 2007 at work and thank goodness they put me through a beginner 's class first . I highly recommend it if possible . Sometimes this program has a mind of its own and it can be a real pain to work with but I really enjoy using it . You get used to the craziness.By the way , using only manuals do n't cut it . They gave us one in the beginner 's class and if I had just been given that with no hands on training I would n't know what I 'm doing .
 I wanted a PCI card with both firewire and USB 2.0 because I was out of slots . I pulled out my Firewire only card , popped this in its place , ran setup , including the included software , and in six minutes TOTAL , I was up and running.Time will tell if there are any bugs , but I put my DV Camcorder to the test immediately and it worked as always . Happy I bought it . If you are n't afraid to get under the hood of your computer , and you too are limited on space , I think this is a good bet . At the time I bought it , it was the least expensive I could find .
 I needed to add Firewire connections to my computer , and after shopping around this was the best deal I was able to find . As the instructions noted , this item is nothing more than a `` plug-n-play '' install with WinXP-SP1 -LRB- that is , no setup is required in Windows after physically installing the hardware in your system , Windows does it automatically -RRB- . This has been in my system for over four months now and I have no complaints . It does what it 's intended to do . If I had n't installed it myself , I would swear that it had been factory-installed when my system was built , it 's that seamless .
 Purchased this card to have both firewire access and USB 2.0 ability . The card is working flawlessly for both ... I have absolutley no complaints .
 I bought this to gut it for the electronics because it was low cost but my daughter is using because it is smaller and more comfortable in her hands .
 I 've gone through a 100ct bag and I 'm ordering another . My cable certifier sees these the same as any other connector . Good product at a great price . I 've been crimping RJ45s for 20 years in major name data centers -LRB- even Amazon . -RRB- These will do the job 99.99 % of the time if you know what you are doing and have a proper crimper .16 months later
 I 've only used a few , but they seem 100 % fine.The bag of 100 came with no branding , so with various suppliers on amazon , how do you know if you 're getting the same product other reviewers did ? That 's my only gripe . -LRB- Mine were labeled `` X0000W1T4P '' and were sold by Sunwill -RRB- I torture-tested one of them by trying to break the little tab off and also putting the whole connector in a vice . I do n't see any tendency to crack as reported by `` Scrawller on da Waller . `` If you 've never used RJ45 connectors before ... it 's kind of tedious preparing the wire ends and inserting them in the correct order . You need a crimping tool , and get a UTP/STP jacket stripper that will strip the outer sleeve without dinging the wires . Once you 're up the learning curve you can do it in about 2-3 minutes per end , and it 's nice to have custom-length cables whenever you want .
 I 'm curious as to who invented the rule that RJ45 connectors have to be squeezed to death ! Ever notice that field training taught us to just squeeze down onto caps and if we could see ourselves and the strain on our faces at that very moment it would look like we 're trying to squeeze something else out.And it is that same excessive pressure that girls seem to avoid by applying a combination of delicateness and even + consistent pressure INSTEAD of brute forcing it . If you know how to crimp `` softly '' , then these make a great undiscovered value.If you really take a moment to study a crimp gun and an RJ45 connector , it becomes apparent that its un-necessary to take our anger out by venting in onto an 8 fanged piece of plastic.You do n't have to squeeze the crap out of it despite how we 're always taught in some tradition of unknown origin.Crimp a connector and seriously try to do it as close to your eye as possible and you 'll notice the vamps will adequately sink with a fraction of the effort we 've been using all of our careers.Since crimp guns are n't usually made in medium and small handle sizes , girls do n't get the chance to choke a chicken when they crimp so they just practice delicacy and skill and will apply a constant even amount of pressure with a continuous force similar to watching a professional athlete.Anecdotally , I 've compared the success rate of these caps in the hands of the few girl stringers I know versus the rest of us , and the girls have a normal success rate , but we tend to crush the hell out of these things and spit and cuss about them vowing never to use them again .
 Cant beat this price and the RJ45 heads are sturdy.Nothing special here . Great deal and must buy.Pro
 The complaints about any network crimp on Amazon seem to be a little extreme . All of the Rj45 reviews read as if none of them work . I was paranoid and bought two different crimps just to hedge my bets . These and the others I bought worked just fine . They held and did not shatter during crimping .
 I 've used these connectors on over a dozen cables I 've cut so far , and they work great . Inexpensive and do exactly what they should .
 I 've been using these to crimp cables for my home office . They 're your basic cat-5 connectors , nothing terribly surprising . I do find a connector in the bag from time to time that has trouble making a solid connection with the wire . I have yet to have one that did n't work after another firm press in the crimping tool though .
 Simple . Cheap and works well . Some cheap connectors tend to not work , but ALL 100 worked . Very good and will buy again !
 I used the linksys wrt55ag for about a year , and finally got fed up with the constant drops , and problems with some vpns working with it . I tried netgears ag router , and it had problems with my vpn . This one worked great outta the box , no configuration issues , no vpn problems , no disconnects and good speed . Of the 3 , its hands down the best .
 If your literal-desktop area is at all limited , go for this keyboard ! It is 11.6 inches long , 6 inches wide and has all the functions of full size standard keyboards . The keys have the right touch and this model replaces a very similar BTC-500 model that served me well for over 10 years .
 Having little space for a full size keyboard I find this works just as well . I have no need for the numeric keypad so why take up the space ? It has all the function keys that I normally use .
 The great thing about this small keyboard is the keys ' tactile response . The keys are full size . I can type super-fast with it . For me , everything else is secondary.As others have noted , you will need an AT to PS/2 converter for a modern PC . Siig makes -LRB- or used to make -RRB- a version with a PS/2 cable , but I can not find one anywhere .
 Cheap in price but not in quality . If you need lanyard straps these are the no-frills well-made ones to get . I use them for my thumb drives , my old cell phones and my small ext hdd - I only wish my new cell phone -LRB- LG Ally -RRB- had a place for one : -LRB-
 I had broken the old strap on my camera and this is a perfect replacement . The item arrived quickly and exactly as described .
 Great little strap . Strong , durable and attractive . I use it for my cell phone ` cuz I 'm always loosing it in my bag . It 's perfect for my needs .
 I am extremely satisfied with the product and the service provided by thisseller .
 I got an email from AMAZON requesting that I review this product ... it is a camera strap.My favorite part of the review process is that they ask me to rate its comfort and picture quality ... Let me tell you , the PICTURE QUALITY OF THIS CAMERA STRAP IS EXCELLENT !!!
 This is a no frills , flexible , nylon wrist strap . The loop formed , is 7 inches long from the connector to the end . It will work with Canon Power Shot , Nikon Coolpix , Sony Cyber-Shot , and other similar point & shoot cameras that have provisions to attach a wrist strap by using a Girth Hitch knot . It is strong , comfortable , easily attached and removed . I thought $ 3.95 was a little expensive , but shipping was free so I purchased it . This wrist strap is cheap insurance against dropping my camera .
 I bought this wrist lanyard so I can tether my usb flash drive . Works as I projected and the price was right .
 ORDERED TWO REPLACEMENT STRAPS FOR TWO CAMERAS AND THEY ARE PREFECT.THEY FIT AROUND MY WRIST PEFERCTLY . THANK YOU FOR THE FAST SERVICE .
 Excelent product , very good color balance , sharp images , convergence setup really usefull . I also recommend to buy the Video Exxentials DVD that is the best tool for optimizing this TV.This is a great TV for the quality , the size , and the image . Buy it without compromise .
 Does anybody know what the dimensions of this TV are ? I do n't see them listed here anywhere ... Thanks Gb
 I bought in case mine broke and turned out to be a great product . I love this producte and great to use
 I bought this SIIG CompactFlash reader because I previously purchased a SIIG SmartMedia reader and had no problems with it . With the CompactFlash reader I had a bit of trouble installing the drivers but it was most likely user error . I jumped the gun and plugged the reader in before installing the drivers like the directions suggest . After a bit of jockeying around I was able to fix my mistake . Had I followed directions the install should have been easy.I like the SIIG readers because :1 -RRB- They 're small and can be plugged directly into a USB port without a cable . This might be useful if you 're traveling and want to plug into a laptop . The size is only 3 '' x 2 '' x 3/8 '' so it 's very portable . They also come with a USB cable which I have plugged into the USB port of my desktop at home . The nice thing about the included cable is that it 's basically an extension cable when the CF reader is n't plugged in . I plug various USB devices into it when needed which is much easier than crawling under my desk to plug something in .2 -RRB- They 're fairly inexpensive . This was the least expensive CompactFlash reader that I found at my local electronics store . You might be able to find cheaper but it 's always worth it to pay a bit more for something that works .3 -RRB- They work . Although I had some problems installing this one I 've never had a problem with my SmartMedia reader . I do n't anticipate having any problems with my Compact Flash reader now either.If you do n't need a multi reader device and want something small and portable this is the reader for you .
 Hello All , I bought the Legacy LA660 for my cabin cruiser boat and its a great bang-for-the-buck ! I have it wired in a tri-mode config with 61/2 inch on the sides and a 10 inch Alpine s-type in a ported box and man it booms great ! I have had many amps and although its no Punch or Kicker , they can not touch it for the money ! Check out the other Legacy amps on Amazon . I also own the Legacy LA2389.Eddie
 A great performing amplifier , works exactly as expected . Do n't be fooled by the low price , this unit is solidly constructed . It is larger and heavier than it looks in the pictures . Check the dimensions and your space available carefully to make sure it will fit . I am using it unbridged - 4 channels fed from high level -LRB- speaker -RRB- outputs from a factory head unit . The result is more than enough clean power to drive nice aftermarket speakers . Set the bass boost up just a touch and you have premium sound and a very reasonable price . Runs cool .
 I put this memory into my Mac G4 , and it worked fine with no problems . Installation was easy . What more can I say , than it worked and increased my Mac 's memory .
 This is an Upgrade replacement for internal 256 MHz Apple factory ram . It worked flawlessly for a 800 MHz PowerPC G4 17 inch flat screen I-Mac . No Problems ! : -RRB-
 I have a mac G4 450MHz . I was reading and downloading some patches to bring it up to 10.5 . the only minimum system requirement I could n't bypass was 512Mb of RAM . I had 445Mb -LRB- I was a little under -RRB- . I was reading some reviews on some other people 's experience with this ram on there mac 's . To be clear , PC 133MHz is fully backward compatible with PC 100MHz . I read many form 's from Apple.com and many others form lowendmac.com . I could n't see the harm in ordering $ 30 worth of ram just to return it if not working . Well it works . Currently I am installing an upgrade for mac 10.4.11 to 10.5.X . Working very well . Could n't be happier with the end result . Just to be clear this does work with a Blue/Silver G4 -LRB- Apple Power Macintosh G4 450 -LRB- AGP -RRB-
 Revised 3/8/08 . Maxed out memory in this older machine with 2 of these modules . Made a notable difference in speed !!! Memory Configurator on ACP-EP 's website indicates this is NOT an ECC module , which is contrary to description.One of two modules purchased turned out to be defective ; computer and programs were crashing . Used `` Windows Memory Diagnostic '' boot program to troubleshoot the problem . Seller Amazon.com replaced defective module within a week . Replacement tested OK . However , the black chips on this module had a different logo , the board was slightly different , and the company 's white label was covering up another label . Makes me wonder if this was a new or used chip from another company.Based on this experience , I drop my rating from 5 to 3 stars .
 I greatly improved my RAM memory to my computer by installing this 515GB card PLUS another card just like it from another source -LRB- Only 1 available at this site -RRB- . 1MB memory really makes a difference to my computer . THANKS for making this possible for me to purchase .
 Good RAM at a good price . I was very pleased with this product . It was cheaper on Amazon than other brick-and-mortar stores and online stores .
 I mentioned to our tech guy at work that I could n't watch Youtube videos on my old Imac Indigo 500 MHz G3 . He said to add more RAM . I thought it came with plenty until I checked and I only had 256 Mb . I replaced the 2 128 Mb DIMM with 2 ACP-EP 512 Mb PC133 168-PIN SDRAM DIMMs . It took a few minutes to snap them in and now it 's like I have a new computer for twenty bucks . Now I can watch online videos -LRB- I have DSL -RRB- and my computer is 4 times faster .
 Effective increased my RAM and in turn added more power to my computer . Using an older computer does not mean you have to sacrifice power . Glad I was able to obtain it ... and quickly .
 i bought this for my Sony Viao desktop that only 128MB ram i needed an upgrade so i got this 512MB and it works i just ordered another 512MB to give it 1GB it should be coming in the next few days
 as long as they work properly , I 'm Happy with them . they are just chips on a circuit board , that will enhance my computers performance .
 Item was shipped in perfect condition . Now my pc is much faster with the extra ram . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I had several other memory sellers tell me which memory I needed , and Calvin N Hobs had the best price . Low and behold wrong RAM chip . They asked for the information about my computer , located the correct memory , and in short order I have the right memory , they accepted the return graciously , and I have a functioning computer.Truly Thank you ! You defiantly will have my memory business from now on . DSB
 Just what I ordered and tripled the RAM in an older Gateway PC . Great price since some of the older RAM is sometimes expensive . Would buy again ...
 I had originally ordered a 256 MB RAM stick from another vendor so I had a total of 512 MB of RAM to install a new OS , but it did n't work so I sent it back . I got this one and it worked perfectly . I was able to reinstall Windows XP Pro SP3 and install the drivers for my wifi PCI card and my 5 input 2.0 USB PCI card . Only issue now is to figure out why the original 256 MB RAM stick is not initialized . That old desktop computer only recognizes the new 512 card , but it is online and fully functional now . I may order another so I have 1 GB of RAM .
 I put it in and it works well so far . No more memory problems . The shipping was quick . It worth the money . However , I am not a computer geek so i do not know if it actually is the best memory card out there but it does work .
 Bought three of these modules and used them with an Asus P4B motherboard . They worked just fine and doubled the memory in the computer . After installation I noticed slightly faster operation .
 I ordered this for an iMac G4 . The memory I received worked well for a week and then had some problems.I shipped it back to the vendor for a replacement without any hassles . The new memory is flawless!Thanks go to the seller CalvinNHobbs from a satisfied customer !!
 I was skeptical at first to purchase this RAM for my PPC Quicksilver Mac , as I had never heard from the company before . I was pleasantly surprised . It installed with no problem and works fine , and was less expensive than the vendor I usually purchase from . With parts for older Macs getting scarcer , this vendor is good to find .
 I put this in my archaic Mac G4 Quicksilver 2002 and it works perfectly ! I had trouble inserting the memory at first , but it finally clicked in there . My dinosaur runs much better now . Thank you for having this available ! Amazon 's price is comparable to other RAM websites . I am very pleased !
 Thank you for having a needed item available and at a great price.Item works great like it is suppose to.My back up computer is optimally running better !!
 This was just what I need for the dinosaur computer I have , thanks for having it available to order .
 Needed this type of memory module to expand the sample memory in a Roland keyboard . It was a snap to install and works great . Delivery time was quick and the item was packaged very well .
 These SDRAM are very limited but if you have an old computer they are a must to run some of today 's programs . Cost is very high per MB of ram but no other choice .
 I needed an upgrade for an old iMac G4 -LRB- Luxo lamp -RRB- , and this fit the bill . Great price too . The memory arrived on time , and well packaged . Working great thus far .
 Great price on these vintage stix and a welcome find for a G4 that I 'm resurrecting.Bought 4 stix and each is in perfect condition.Very happy with the added boost of life they 've given this old Mac .
 I bought this to upgrade the memory in my old -LRB- 1999 -RRB- slot-loading iMac DV to one Gigabyte . Notice that this card has 8-bit bytes only - no parity bit . According to the lit . my iMac will accept memory with parity or without ; my other card had none so I chose this one to match . I installed it according to the manual . The computer accepted it immediately at the next power-up and I 've been rockin ' ever since with a &#34; full Gallon &#34; ! The earlier tray-loading iMacs are limited to smaller total memory
 DB9 gender changers are usually about 2-3 inches long ; this gender changer is thinner than 1/2 inch when inserted . Works great , exactly as pictured and described .
 Item is as described , works well for intended purpose . Not sure if there is really much to touch base on as far as the product ... it does what it needs to . : -RRB-
 I purchased this as a gift for my mother who periodically complained about the excess wire that hung in front of her when she was working-out and listening to her I-pod . She is extremely satisfied with out easy it is to tie the excess wire around these `` tune ties '' and now no longer complains of excess wire hanging in front of her.I tried one out on my own headphones and was equally pleased.Be warned , however , that if you have very thick-wired headphones , these `` tune ties '' may be more difficult to use , but they still work almost as well.This set comes with three -LRB- 3 -RRB- `` tune ties , '' although I doubt you 'll need more than one !
 I like to use an armband when I run and realy did not like all the excess cord . It took a little time , but once I figured the best way to wrap the cord for my liking , it became very helpful .
 These are handy for all sorts of headphones , not just for the earbuds that will store in the holes . They are made of softer , more flexible material than the Sumajin Smartwraps and seem a bit more secure . I have several sets of headphones which offer varying degrees of sound isolation , and so I have equipped them all with these handy little reels . Not a big deal , but it does make controlling the extra cord length simple .
 These things are the best way I 've found to carry around my iPod headphones while avoiding a serpentine mess of cords in my pocket . Highly recommended .
 I was looking for something to tame my headphone cord . It was several inches too long and I liked the headphones . These did the job nicely . And since there were three , I gave the others to my kids .
 These thingies are the perfect answer to tangled headsets . I got extra to pass out to my friends when they envy mine .
 I like the design that the ear buds can be stored in the two holes . The color choices of red , black and grey are just too boring . I thought I ordered the pastel green , blue and orange , but I was shipped the red , black and grey . Other than the color disappointment , the items worked great .
 I thought I 'd gotten the bright colors but was sent red/black/grey , which is ok too I guess . I really want that bright green so I 'm going to call the company that sent it to me to see if they have any of that color in stock.Anyway I used these right away on the headphones for my MP3 player and the ones I have for my computer . Instant cord management !
 I have owned this device close to a year now and can safely say it 's a great device for the $ $ . I used it for school and purchased it from Amazon because of cost . I have had zero issues with the device and find the included lanyard a effective way to keep the device close . The device is quick and does not include any encryption technology , just a plain storage device .
 Installed quick and easy . Works . Dual channel supports up to 4 drives . Wish the price was as cheap as PC version .
 As a Mac user , sometimes it is difficult to find hardware that is reasonably priced . The SIIG EIDE pro controller was the best-priced controller that I could find . The specifications are great and so is the performance .
 i have 2 macs G4 433 and dual G4/533 from 10.2 ? upto 10.4.8 one with 4 200 + gb drives each . they both run fine , not a bump in the road . and with all the system updatesand will move it to my new mac mostlikely . when i get it.Only thing is that i wish it was $ 20 or so cheaper to match the pc ones .
 This works great in my Dell Inspiron 4150 -LRB- all models use the same kind -RRB- really makes excel and word launch faster !
 It 's hard to find an SM card reader these days . This was my third attempt -- the first two ended up with an Asian company not even understanding what an SM card was , but advertising and trying to sell something that did n't do the trick.This product is pretty basic , and not very durable or sophisticated seeming . You have to open up a flimsy cover to slide in the SM card . But it does the trick , and works without a hitch on both Windows Vista 32-bit and Windows 7 64-bit machines -LRB- the only ones I 've tried -RRB- .
 The instant gratification aspect of this server paid off
 In my quest for a stable NAS solution that included redundancy , either in a scheduled backup onto a second disk or RAID , I tried a number of SAN products with horrifying disappointment . The D-Link DSW-G600 I thought had promise but was terrible . The Buffalo Tech Link Station was really slow . It almost went the route of building my own linux box to do the task , but decided to give The SimpleTech a try . To my delight , this thing is Fast ! Sure it only has a 100MB/sec pipe but the lag I see is in the network , not the device . What turns this into a stellar product is the fact that with a 4 port usb2 powered hub , I was able to attach 4 additional drives to the SimpleShare . Not only was I able to attach the drives , this thing will actually do full on RAID 0 -LRB- Striping -RRB- and RAID 1 -LRB- Mirror -RRB- , with Spare drive capabilities as well !! So after attaching 3 250GB Drives and a 120GB Drive to the Simpleshare , I created a mirror with the internal drive giving me a 250GB Redundant share for my wifes pictures , bbackups and etc. and I also created a concatenate share consisting of a 250GB drive and a 120GB drive which makes a 370GB share available for stuff like movies and garbage . Not to mention I have attached another 250GB `` foreign '' drive that has a regular fat32 partition on it . I have .75 TB total shared storage on my Home network ! Setup was also a breeze , and it has a logging facility what can email you if there 's a drive problem . This is valuable if you want redundancy and want to know when a drive fails so you can take care of it before it becomes a majro problem . The admin utilities needs a little work , but functionally , the Simpleshare capabilities are well worth the price !
 After struggling to put in a wireless LAN , I was quite nervous about adding a networked storage device . I was extremely pleased that I was storing photos onto my Simplshare storage device within 5 minutes of opening the box . It really is plug and play.I own a Dell PC and an Apple iMac and both are connected to the storage device allowing me to save and swap files in a snap.Given the time and money I have invested in my photos and MP3 files , I sleep well at night knowing I have additional back up and the investment is quite worth it . Given my past experiences installing a wireless LAN , it is even more satisfying that it was easy to install .
 The SimpleShare 250 Gbyte NAS is one of the more economical units on the market , especially considering its feature set -LRB- which includes a built-in print server , RAID capabilities and compatibility with Windoze , Mac and Linux systems right out of the box -RRB- . Although software is included to help you `` discover '' the drive on your network , it is n't needed , and I never installed it . The SimpleShare includes a web interface for administration and a wizard to perform the basic setup if needed . If you already have a network -LRB- likely , since you 're considering a network storage device ! -LRB- :-RRB- -RRB- , just plug in the SimpleShare and it will obtain an IP address from your dhcp server -LRB- typically , your router -RRB- and appear on your network . It runs quietly , if a bit warm to the touch , but according to SimpleTech , the case provides the cooling for the internal drive , and the warmth is both expected and desirable.I am using firmware version 1.07 and the unit works as advertised . I currently have mine set up with an external 250 Gbyte drive in a RAID 1 -LRB- mirroring -RRB- configuration . All data on the drive are visible to my Windoze and Linux machines on the network . Transfer rates seem acceptable , although I have not taken direct measurements . I have not used the print server.It 's an open secret that this box runs Linux and that the firmware is customizable . You can add telnet , ftp and media server capabilities -LRB- for example -RRB- with only a little effort and some familiarity with Linux/Unix . There 's a wealth of information online for anyone who wants to add capabilities.There are a few negatives , however . The latest `` official '' firmware is version 1.09 , but this is only available by request to SimpleTech . Their website advertises version 1.07 as the latest , even though their techs may recommend an `` upgrade '' -LRB- see below -RRB- and provide a URL to acquire the 1.09 version in a private email . Unfortunately , the 1.09 firmware removes features from the 1.07 firmware , including the RAID 0 option -LRB- striping -RRB- . According to the SimpleTech engineers , the 1.09 firmware is intended for users who will use the device primarily as a backup/external storage device , and so features and interface have been designed accordingly . According to reports in various internet forums , the 1.09 firmware release `` fixes '' problems by removing features . My own experiments with the 1.09 firmware convinced me to return to 1.07 . Other items to note
 Whenever I see reviews of a product that has lots of 4 and 5 stars and also a good number of single stars I figure that this is a product that only a techie could love . I am such an individual . The 4 or 5 star guys are the techies who figure out how the product works and take the time to test configure the product a couple of times and a couple of different ways . Then when they are finally satisfied that they know how the product actually works they go ahead and do a final setup . Again , I am one of those guys . The one star guys are on the opposite end of the techie spectrum and , unfortunately , this product is just not for someone who expects a seamless , painless out-of-box plug 'n play experience . So if you know what you are doing and are not fazed by words like ` router ' , ` ip address ' and ` raid ' then go ahead , buy this product and you will love it . This product cost me less than a 100 bucks . Setup was straightforward but I must admit that the documentation was sketchy , at best . I did not even bother with installing any of their software . Instead , after connecting the unit to my home router I figured out the IP address by logging into my router and viewing the assigned IP address table . Then I went to the ip address of the Simpletech NAS/250 and was good to go . I highly recommend that you not install any of their software because it essentially gives you no added functionality over what you can do using the web interface into the Simpleshare NAS/250 . Performance is very acceptable . The unit does run a little hot but they claim that the aluminum shell acts as a heat sink and judging by the temperature to the touch I believe it . I recommend that you place the unit where there is plenty of ambient air flow around it , just as an additional precaution . But because of the fanless design , the unit is really silent which I greatly appreciate . I took away one star from my rating due to poor documentation and the fact that they have crippled this unit by not offering iShare which allows web based access to the drive from anywhere in the world . I am sure that this is purely a marketing-driven decision designed to maximize bucks so in that sense it is understandable but , still , I hate it when they do this sort of thing . Incidently iShare is available with their NAS/500 product . I have not tried mirroring or striping but have ordered an external 250 Gig usb drive -LRB- again , Simpletech , since I love their quite , fan-less , design -RRB- and plan to use that as a mirror . They have an email alert capability but as far as I can tell it needs an open smtp relay for the mail and I do n't know too many open relays around today . Bottom line , if you are comfortable with tech talk this drive will do the job and the price is great . But if you need some hand holding , either plan on getting the hand holding or stay away from this drive !!
 this backup system does a very nice job of storing various media files -LRB- freeing up space on our desktops -RRB- and backing up document folders . the backup software takes a little time to navigate at setup , but once you 're up and running it does a nice job .
 Previous to purchasing the Simpleshare server , I 'd bought an Iomega network drive at Fry 's , which I returned because the fan emitted a high pitched squeal . The Simpleshare is mercifully silent . It installed easily and comes with software that automates backups . My only problem has been that the drive periodically `` disappears '' from my home network , requiring me to use the NASFinder CD that came with it to `` find '' the drive . This is simple enough to do , just annoying .
 I have been using this for about 8 months now on a network with four different machines . Very happy with it ... Some PCs have had trouble finding it , but was able to connect with FTP with no problem . Macs on the network have had no trouble at all .
 This was my first server i bought and it works great . I use it to stream music and movies to both my own laptop and my brother 's desktop . Ofcourse the desktop runs smoothly , but i didnt expect for the laptop to run so smoothly while playing movies . The server is fast and it is easy to set up with the guide the provide .
 My Simple share 250 arrived within four days . I plugged it in , ran through the wizard and renamed everything . I then went through the advance settings , created some shares on the drive and I was done . The above setup took about 20 minutes as I READ along with the help file ! I have 2/4 computers copying files to the new NAS right now . Notice I said copying.All electronic devices have a high failure rate when they are new . I am going to give this drive 30 days then I will feel more comfortable moving files off my bloated PCs.The reason I gave it a four star is I can not get the SMTP email or popup feature to work . When I have time I will go to their site and poke around and then update this review .
 While others have experienced issues , for NAS , this works like a charm . Set up was easy and straightforward . I have had the unit over a year , with no issues . I use it to back up macs and PCs , and to rapidly move large chunks of data between them . Backup is enormously faster than using a 6X DVD writer , and completely automatic.It has no fan ; however if the unit is on a hollow surface , like a desktop , you can hear the disk drive spin up , and the heads move . I put it on a small piece of foam on the floor and I never hear it .
 Very nice features . Works flawlessly , gets an IP address from the DHCP server every time . Large size , great price . It also allows you to plug in any USB 2.0 external hard drive and add that to the `` pool '' of available hard drive space shared on the NAS box .
 I purchased the SimpleShare network drive after reading reviews on other similar drives . The SimpleShare reviews did n't show any negatives , and I 'm happy that I purchased it . It was easy to set up and has operated for a few months now without a hitch . I use it to back up another removeable hard drive which is my primary backup for important files and disk images . This gives me double assurance that I wo n't lose anything if my computer hard drive ever fails .
 The SimpleTech Simple Share STI-NAS/250 disk is a network attached storage disk of 250 GB size . It is very reliable and easy to install and hookup . The installation CD will browse your LAN and suggest appropriate names for your new disk . The disk has no cooling fan , which is 1 fewer source of breakdown , but you should keep the disk away from other gadgets as it gets hot ; preferably in a well-ventilated spot . It is too bad , Hitachi , the new owner of Simple Tech does not seem to be continuing this product .
 This SimpleTech SimpleShare NAS/250 , and also NAS/160 and NAS/320 , has the best mechanical construction of any network file server I have owned . I had 2 of these , and I bought this third one for a spare . It is just such a fine product . I use one NAS for my home network file server , and the other NAS for daily backup of the first , using robocopy to copy just the updated files and folders . I have tried other products that use RAID , but that caused as many problems as it solved . For my purpose , the better solutuion is just a simple daily copy from primary NAS to backup NAS . Another bonus
 When I was looking for my first external hard drive , I obsessed over the reviews and quite frankly , it seemed like every external hard drive I found , there were mixed reviews on it . I finally decided to take the plunge on this one because the price point and storage seemed perfect for my needs . I figured that I would risk it . I bought the drive late last year.Now , after two major drops -LRB- accidents because I am a klutz -RRB- , the drive is still functioning brilliantly . No exaggeration . I ca n't tell you how pleased and shocked I am . Seriously , my expectations that this would work after the accidents ... they were low.The transfer rate of files with Picasa is fine . I do n't wait long for things to be transferred over or back.The only bit of confusion I have , as a complete novice to external drives , is how do you photo organize on the external without having to reimport back to your C drive ? Can you download photo organizing software on the external drive ? I think I need to contact SimpleTech about this question .
 Its definitely been more than two years since I bought this online when it first came out , cost about 1/2 of what buffalo and linksys were asking for , so I was skeptical of the long term reliability , now that its over two years , I will swear by it . has a wd2500jb western digital drive in it with 8mb cache.If you are having trouble with network streaming and performance , then update it to the latest firmware with ishare access , yes you can update the 250gb NAS , not just the 500gb NAS that is supposedly the one drive that supports the latest ishare firmware . network transfers/seek time has greatly improved with the new firmware.The unit runs pretty hot/warm , so make sure you keep it in a good area with lots of space around it . I have n't used raid/printer support/spin down etc , so ca n't comment on those . ishare works beautifully , you can download/upload files remotely from a web browser , or host a few pages and use it as a standalone webserver with some static web pages . i have n't tried dynamic web pages , so no comment on that.the only issue i 've is i connected two external usb2 drives , 320gb each and that would constantly freeze up the simpletech drive , anyway that 's not what they advertise for , one external hard drive and one network printer is all they say , so , if they update to support two external hard drives and add raid 0/1 , that would be amazing . also , something like the twonky/mt-daapd streaming media servers would be really really nice updates.i would still rate it at 5 stars because its more than i expected from this techie , now that its two years old and been continuously running all the time , i am looking for a wd2500jb drive and put in a usb2 enclosure to act as a backup drive just in case my luck runs out . i might also buy a new 500gb drive with 32mb buffer just to see if there any extra improvement in network transfer speeds . anyways , make sure you buy a new one and see if it works out well for you like mine .
 I got this product because I wanted to back up data from multiple computers -LRB- my desktop , my laptop , etc -RRB- onto a common storage device . Because this storage attaches directly to the network -LRB- I keep it right next to and plugged into my wireless router -RRB- , it 's very simple to access once you configure your computer to connect . The process to do so is completely automated and takes less than 5 minutes.So far everything has performed flawlessly - in fact I would have already purchased the 500GB version except that it seems to be getting worse reviews here on Amazon -LRB- as if people are having problems with it ? -RRB- Anyway my point is that I 'm very happy with the 250GB version and will definitely buy another Simpleshare NAS product when 250GB is n't enough .
 Simple to install and configure . Firmware shipped with unit woefully outdated , but can get 1.07 online directly -LRB- use if you want to add USB drives and implement RAID protection , but does not support power saving options -RRB- or 1.09 by requesting from Support -LRB- provides configurable power saving , but breaks RAID support in 1.07 -RRB- .
 If you are looking for a budget-oriented LCD monitor , this 15 '' from Sceptre is an excellent choice . The 15 '' LCD panel is sharp and bright and has good response times . The on-screen menu is a bit confusing , just like most monitors . The built-in speakers sound very cheap , so I would n't recommend relying on them for your music experience . But in the one area where it counts -- display quality -- the Sceptre provides more bang for the buck than any 15 '' LCD I 've seen . A good monitor to get for Internet surfing and Word processing . And you can also watch DVD movies on this , assuming your PC has a DVD-ROM drive .
 I purchased several of these in order to build a half-terabyte Oracle RAC cluster in my house for a lab . They worked just fine . You can use openserver instead and NAS the whole thing too -LRB- for anyone else building a lab RAC cluster . -RRB-
 I bought this for my husband for his birthday as a replacement for one he was holding together with a rubber band . He has a very old Ipod , one of the big ones , and I was afraid we would n't find a case for it , but this one is perfect . It 's just snug enough he does n't have to worry about it falling out , but not so snug he ca n't get it in . He said it is very comfortable and easy to get on and off .
 The band is good for the most part . Sometimes I feel it slipping so I have to adjust it . It will take some getting used to .
 This is a great product and it seems like it 's gon na last me a long time . All in all , it 's probably one of the better armbands out there , and the case is pretty sturdy . For running , it works real well , and it does n't smell bad , either . The only thing that is a slight bother is that the case is not attached to the armband , so it slides around on your arm while you 're running . Though , it 's not THAT big of a deal .
 I initially had the Belkin F8Z115-BLK Clear Acrylic and Brushed-Metal Case -LRB- excellent product -RRB- but it lacked a strap which was needed for the workout sessions :o-RRB- This item is great - does the job - easy to slip the Ipod in and out -LRB- best to be worn with the screen at the bottom so you can view it with ease when working out -RRB- . Very comfortable to wear - you 'll almost forget you 're wearing it ... though the music blasting into your ears acts as a nice reminder ;o-RRB- . The only negative is the crappy screen protector that needs to be stuck on . I got it on with minimum fuss but had to accept I could n't totally remove the small air bubbles that are present -LRB- my friend messed his up completely - easy to do - and there 's no spare -RRB- . Also , I did n't read the instructions on the screen protector - make sure you remove the little tabs before you put it on ... will be very difficult to remove them after without leaving horrible smudge marks on your Ipod - really hate the screen protector and ca n't understand why the Belkin F8Z115-BLK did come with a strap ! Oh well ... almost perfect .
 Fits my small arms . Access to wheel . Have no plans for moving in and out of holder . Perfect for my needs .
 With the silicon over the wheel it is almost impossible to navigate the wheel . If you have a playlist and also have the volume set where you want , then you might be able to use it . It also jumps around if you get too vigorous during exercise . Tried tightening it , but still bounced . Fits my 80 GB iPod perfectly .
 The design is simple and effective . I have used this for weight workouts , running , and other cardio . The ipod holds firm for all . Good deal for the money .
 very good product and great for running it stays right on your arm , but it is also a very thin and flimsy case that is not thick enough to protect your i pod fully if it drops .
 Brilliant yet simple design and one that does not look like some sort of demented medical device -LRB- my last one did -RRB- .
 The Belkin Sports sleeve makes the transport of my 5th generation iPod very portable and the sleeve is adjustable thus very comfortable .
 I have been using this regularly when working out , the velcro is holding up and so is the snugness of the sleeve is too . No complaints .
 I was looking for a case and armband combo , and this is it ! The case lets me carry it around safely and when i feel like going to the gym i can just strap the armband on without removing my ipod . The case is rubbery and will prevent scratches and probably absorb minor shocks if it falls . The strap fits my little arms , does n't hurt , and allows for any type of exercise . It 'd easily fit some big arms as well.A screen protector came with this , though , which was n't listed in the product description . I guess that 's good ! I 'm not taking off any stars for it then , since it was a bonus , but honestly it DID N'T WORK . The edges of the screen protector are squared instead of rounded like the ipod screen , so there were air bubbles in each corner when i applied it.Buy this !! : -RRB-
 I have had a couple other arm bands w cases and they both covered the wheels and therefore the wheel was not very sensitive and using it was hit & miss . This one is durable silicone construction and leaves the wheel exposed . The arm band slips in when you want it . It also fits my IPOD Classic 80 gig and is solid black so it looks better too . 5 stars !!!
 We have been looking for an armband for my husbands ipod . This one fits perfectly and he loves it.It came in good time .
 I love the armband , enjoy using it at the gym . Seller shipped it super fast and I 'm pleased with it .
 Great ! It 's what my wife needed and it arrived very quickly and in good condition.Thanks .
 I was looking for a sports sleeve for my ipod for a while now and finally decided on this item.Great price but it does n't skimp on how secure your ipod is when inserted into it . It comes with a nice screen protector that I have just left on even when I 'm not using my ipod in the sports sleeve . The Velcro belt is very secure no matter how big or small your upper arm is . I 've read other people have trouble getting their ipods in and out of the sleeve , I insert the bottom end of my ipod into the screen opening and slide it down . 1,2,3 . When taking it out , its just like peeling a banana at the top .
 Durable , Easy to put on and adjust , Great for riding my motorcycle . iPod stays put , easy to reach and comfortable .
 The product is exactly what I needed and ordered . Quick delivery and no surprises .
 I think the iPod armband from Belkin was a good buy . The seller that I received it from sent it to me within good time . Decent price too , shipping is a lot though .
 It is a bit awkward to adjust my neck to change songs , but I suppose that ca n't be helped . The armband is pretty comfortable and the Ipod holder is flexible but sturdy .
 I have not had ANY problems with my Belkin F8Z081 Sports Sleeve for 30 GB iPod Videos -LRB- Black -RRB- product .
 I bought this product so that i can work out in the gym and listen to my tunes . So far I am satisfied with the product . It stays on my arm while I am jogging or lifting , however sometimes it moves around and i get a little scared that it will fall off . It would be better if there was a screen protector
 Enjoy running and need my Ipod to be secure . It 's to much of an expense to lose it , and not wonder about it . There 's no instructions how to use it but you work it in and figure it out .
 I 've seen these for sale for more than double the money elsewhere . It 's very easy to put the Ipod in through the hole for the screen . It stays securely on my arm while I push weights , push pedals , or work the eliptical trainer . Comfortable
 This case is just thick enough to prevent most dammage . It has a nice feel and it does n't put anything on top of the scroll wheel . One bad thing , no protection for the screen . If this is important to you , buy a dollar screen cling protector . DO NOT USE ANYTHING STICKY .
 It can be used with the provided arm band or in your belt . But you need to unlatch yout belt to place it on and off . It 's difficult to make selections once in your belt but you do n't need to worry if you have good and long playlists ;-RRB- . I have not had chance to go to the Gym or run with it using the armband . I have just used it for a walk and I found a little bit unconfortable since I might have some blod presure problems in my left arm.I found the crystal cover a bit larger than my iPod screen , so the edges have air in between the cover and the screen and I 'm constantly pressing the edges to prevent it falls off . One star less for that.It might be becuase this product is for the 30GB Video but as far as I know the screen of a 30GB it 's the same size as the 80GB Classic .
 Great product , fits great and keeps my ipod in place and secure while working out ... love it !
 The package contains the following pieces :1 -RRB- A transparent screen protector that can be used ONCE ! if you fail to attach it correctly to the screen leaving no air bubbles , you are done ! otherwise , I 'm afraid you will end up throwing it in the bin ! 2 -RRB- A Silicon case to cover the iPod . Here 's a tip on how to put your iPod in it without tearing it , simply insert your iPod from the screen opening , not from the below opening -LRB- the blow opening can be torn when you expand it to insert your iPod -RRB- 3 -RRB- An adjustable elastic wide armband that can fit nicely on your arm as long as it 's not bigger than 18 '' / 45cm ! My experience with it was dumping the screen protector as I was unable to get rid of one air bubble , and when I tried to take off the protector a little bit to clean the area where the bubble was , I ended up creating more air bubbles ! my advice is , clean the screen fully before applying the cover . As for the case itself , it fits the iPOD nicely , and the armband surrounds my 18 '' / 45cm arm nicely but without any room for expansion . I was n't sure I will feel comfortable while weight lifting , especially when training arms , but to my surprise , even with Biceps curls and close-grip bench press -LRB- target the main muscles in your arms , biceps and triceps -RRB- and even with the pump that results from exercising , I was still comfortable with it.One last thing , I would recommend putting your iPod upside down while you are attaching it using the armband -LRB- click wheel up and screen down -RRB- ; this is because you will be able to see the screen correctly if you simply raise your arm .
 I do n't have any gripes about this iPod armband . It has worked well for me in a variety of activities -LRB- running , rowing , weights -RRB- . The silicon case is more sweat-resistant than a lot of the leather ones out there , and the thick armband keeps it tight to your arm . Plus , this one looks a lot better than a lot of the other iPod cases I see out there with full clear plastic front covers.Also , a non-permanent stick-on screen protector is included , which I did n't see in the product description . It seems to be effective as well .
 PRO
 I run 24 miles a week with it and so far have had no problems . Yes , the ipod is difficult to get in and out of the case but so far I have not taken it out of the case - I just remove the arm band and leave the case on . In other words , you can separate the elastic arm band from the ipod case when you 're not working out . There is no reason why I 've needed to take the case off - all buttons and ports are fully accessible w / the case on . The arm band seems to be good quality with good velcro ; stays snug around my arm , yet stretchy so I can still lift arm weights -LRB- biceps -RRB- with it on . The rubber case is durable and protects well . Also , there is a screen protector that comes with it . Like another reviewer pointed out , if you do not put the screen protector on the first with no bubbles , you lost your chance to use it . I 'm not sure about this - mine went on right the first time.One reviewer mentioned it bounces around a bit when running . I have not had this problem . I think it would fit most female arms - my upper arm is 10 '' and it even fits my lower arm snugly -LRB- 8.5 '' -RRB- . I 'd definitely recommend this armband to others and would buy another .
 Great arm band and holder for my iPod . A little floppy but sturdy . Great price . Great quality . Solid accessory for iPod while exercising !!! -LRB- May be a tad big for those with tiny arms !!! -RRB-
 I am a female with thin arms , but I can run with this product and it stays in place ! It is also very comfortable and I can work easily in the yard with it on my arm . So far it has also protected my ipod from some aggressive rose bushes I was trimming , and from a crazed sprinkler that blew a fountain of water all over me . I love this sleeve and highly recommend it !
 I take it to the gym 4 days a week . During running and lifting weights with no problems . Does n't make your arm sweat . An excellent protected ipod cover for everyday use.a .
 This case provides my iPod with excellent protection , and could n't be more grateful . If my iPod were a part of my body , it would be my heart . I love it . Seeing as how I tend to be quite a clumsy person , I have accidently dropped my iPod a couple of times , and for all those times , this case was on it and it keeps my iPod as good as new.I also run on the treadmill everyday , and the armband that came with this case is very handy . It straps my iPod onto my arm , and I do n't feel my iPod wobble around at all.Overall , this is an excellent product , and I highly reccomend it to anyone .
 I use it with a gen5 30gig Ipod Video . good protection for the price . The arm band is good for jogging , it bounces around a bit when running . There is no protection for the screen or the wheel . Good deal .
 This Belkin F8Z081 Sports Sleeve is working out very well . At first , it was a bit tight but I found if I put it on top of the tee-shirt sleeve , it was not tight and it stayed in place . The case is very nice and useful to leave on the ipod , since it provides a cushion and does n't interfere with any functionality . I 'd buy it again .
 This product was great . However , I did wish that it had a earphone holder since my earphones are pretty long and they were dangling , so i had to stick some of it under the strap , which made the strap just slightly unconfortable . Otherwise this was awesome !
 The sleeve works very well when running . It also protects my ipod in times that I 'm not exercising .
 Very easy to assemble and use . The material looks and feels very nice , as well . This may be the first Belkin product that I can recommend ; I have never been impressed with their electronic products . Nonetheless , this is a simple yet impressive item . I am very pleased with it .
 Originally there was a mix up on the shipping and the sellers took care of it promptly with great service !
 I ordered two of these . They arrived new and in great condition , and were delivered 4 days ahead of Amazon 's scheduled delivery date .
 The belkin sports sleeve works well for when I am working out at the gym and the rubber sleeve holds the Ipod well . Based on other reviews I expected the rubber sleeve to be much more challenging to get on but it was pretty easy to do . It does not provide great coverage for the screen and wheel unfortunately and I wish the companies that manufacture these items would consider designing a better protective covering . Overall , however , I am very happy with this product .
 It seems like it is exactly what I need to get the job done . The cable is long enough and fits well
 There is n't much to say other than the cable does what it is supposed to do . It seems well made . I 've used mine for about six months without any issues .
 This is a great product for those who do not have enough internal drive mounting in their computer cases , but have all those extra unused external optical drive mounts . I have a Thermaltake Xaser which had only 3 internal hard drive mounts , but had 5 optical drive mounts . -LRB- I still wonder why so few hard drive mounts , and who needs 5 optical drives ? -RRB- This little box helped out a lot ; I was able to install 4 drives just as advertised . The whole thing slid right into the case using Thermal-Take 's tool-less mounting slides . The fan kept the drives cool without making noise that could not be masked by the rest of the case , and the rubber isolators made the drives almost silent . To top it all off , Amazon had the best price anywhere , with free shipping -LRB- as part of a larger order -RRB- . I love it !
 Ordered this from Computer Brain and when I got it , it was missing four of the blue bushings , called Computer Brain , they connected me to Cooler Master and two days later I had my bushings . Thanks to that great customer service they will see me again . Product was as described , new in box , worked great . Once again Great customer service with both Cooler Master and Computer Brain , I recommend both to anyone thats looking for computer parts . I order two more of these and both had all the bushings , but when I bought my case it was missing some as well , but THANKS to Cooler Masters great customer service both times I had them within two days . That super service is whats going to keep me coming back !!!!
 This is essentially a top of the line , active PFC , power supply from Fortron Source , that 's been customized and given a Zalman `` silent treatment '' . I 've had one for about eight months now and it is rock stable and absolutely silent ! It replaced the loud cheap piece of junk that came in a rather costly Sony Vaio RZ14G . Only adding an upgraded video card -LRB- Radeon 9600XT -RRB- and nothing else , burned Sony 's cheap 289 Watt piece of crap right out . At first I was really pissed because Sony did n't provide for an upgrade , or even a way to replace the junk they used . While I was hoping they 'd choke on the lousy 10 extra bucks they made , I found out that Sony also saw to it that their PSU size was n't to the ATX form factor ! But when I carefully measured the Vaio case 's PSU cabinet , I discovered that with just a little good old fashion muscle juice , I could cram the Zalman ZM400A in without modifying anything ! The only thing I had to do was replace the extra-deep -LRB- and very slow -RRB- stock DVD R/W unit with a much faster and better -LRB- and 3/4 '' shorter -RRB- Asus unit ! So , SC # $ W YOU Sony !
 This is a wonderful camera , it is small , light , easy to use and produces photos at 7.2 megapixels that are superb.It is small , nice looking , starts very quickly and usually focuses with an assist light quickly.Plenty of controls that are easy to use and pretty good instruction manual.If you want to fool around , you can change the saturation , sharpness , exposure compensation , the usual stuff.On shooting on complete auto ASA I have yet to see any artifacts or fringing.When printing the results are just amazing , I also have a Nikon 8700 , superb camera , when I look at the results from the Nikon , well , its really hard to see the difference.Very fast operating camera.I dont think I have ever been as pleased with a photographic product.The only negative I can observe , is ` that on start up , your left hand goes over the lens , and stays there as the lens comes out , I , ve gotten used to it and keep my left hand away from the lens.Battery life is excellent , the battery charger can be used as an ac power supply , if you remove the battery from the camera.Great machine , I love it , now , its all I use.If you want to buy a digital or buy a new one , this is the guy to get.Sony has gotten the message loud and clear , this is their best effort yet , it is in class of its own .
 This camera has exceed my expectations.I was upgrading from a 2.0 megapixel Cybershot that I had always been content with , though I wished I had spent the extra money for higher resolution a couple years ago when I first got it.Simply put , I was looking for bang for my buck . I wanted something small that could be used as a point-and-shoot and fit easily in my pocket . Unlike last time , I put a lot of time into researching before I bought this time . My priorities were convenience and resolution , as well as as little lag time as possible and as much manual control as I can get for a compact non-SLR model . Oh yeah , and under $ 500 . Am I asking too much ? Apparantly not for the geniuses at Sony that came up with the p150!It is about the size of my Motorola cellphone -LRB- slightly thicker -RRB- , and both fit comfortably in my front pocket next to each other.To be honest , I have n't had it long enough to testify to the picture quality , but the reason I am writing this review was because my one reservation in buying this camera turned out to be unfounded , and more people may want to know this
 I 'm an avid photographer who was looking for a truly pocketable digital to compliment my larger , more full-featured Olympus digital . I also wanted something fast , both in terms of start-up and shot-to-shot cycle time and was unwilling to compromise on image quality . Lower down on my criteria list was a camera that had strong video capability -- high-res w/o recording time limits that many cameras -LRB- including many of the Canon digital Elphs that I was strongly considering -RRB- . If your primary critera are size , speed , and image quality , you ca n't go wrong with this camera . Prior to purchase , I was quite worried , to be honest , about some reviews mentioning blurry photos . After 2 month 's of use , however , I can only assume that those mentioning such problems either received faulty units or , more likely , do n't know how to use this -LRB- or other -RRB- camera properly or are taking shots under conditions -LRB- low light and/or fast moving subject -RRB- where blur is normal . MY IMAGES HAVE BEEN SURPRISINGLY CRISP , WELL-FOCUSED , AND VIBRANT , even using the flash , and my most frequent subjects are my 3 - and 1-year-old daughters -LRB- not the easiest subjects to shoot ! -RRB- . As for resolution , I was not looking for a 7-megapixel camera , but I must say , it comes in handy . People talked about the potential to crop down significantly to essentially increase the zoom capability . I was leary of this as I was doubtful that the focus on such detail would allow me to do this while retaining a sharply-focused subject , but I 've been very surprised by the focus detail and am now quite glad I have all that the extra resolution to work with.Is this the perfect digital camera ? I do n't think any camera is perfect . I 'd love to have manual white balance -LRB- though I 've yet to have a photo that has not had the auto setting do a wonderful job on -RRB- and other manual controls , RAW support , a more powerful flash , better burst shooting , and other high-end features . But for cameras in this class , this camera is hard to beat . If you can go with something just a little larger -LRB- but still quite small -RRB- , take a look at the fairly new Olympus C-7000 . For those considering the P200 , read the reviews carefully as I 've seen some reports that noise is more of a problem , though in general it seems like a worthwhile upgrade , especially if you can get it at a lower price . Amazon 's current price on the P150 is sure easy to beat from reputable sources now with just a few quick searches . If you are looking for a backup battery -LRB- I 've never needed mine - it lasts forever -RRB- , check out batteries-dot-com for a much cheaper alternative . As for flash , Vivitar 's DF120 far exceeds Sony 's branded model for half the cost . I tried to buy the Vivitar DF200 as a more worthy slave flash but Amazon 's stock was depleted and not resupplied . If flash is important to you for this or other digital camera , there are some very capable , pwerful SLAVE flashes available -LRB- can use with most/any digital camera type , no need to mount , easy to use , add much versatility to your camera -RRB- .
 Pros
 I would rate this camera 4.5 stars for picture quality , and of course its sleek size as well its quick shutter speed . However , on Thursday , January 6 , 2005 Sony make the following announcement -LRB- taken from dpreview.com -RRB- `` Sony has today announced another new camera , which only has minor cosmetic changes from its predecessor , in the shape of the 7.2 megapixel Cyber-shot P200 . An upgrade of the P150 , launched in July , the only real difference seems to be the larger 2-inch LCD , otherwise it sports the same Carl Zeiss Vario-Tessar 3x zoom lens , is PictBridge-compatible and has a rechargeable InfoLithium battery plus compatibility with Memory Stick and Memory Stick PRO . It will be available in February and is expected to be priced lower than the $ 499 DSC-P150 when it was launched in July last year . `` SO , if I were you , I 'd wait another month and either get the P200 for less -LRB- ! -RRB- or wait 'til they lower the price of the P150 which seems inevitable . Just hope the P200 comes in the Cool Blue Color.Finally , if you do n't need an ultracompact , I 'd recommend Sony W1/W5 instead . It 's bigger but also takes better pictures and costs less !
 Considering that this camera can be purchased for around $ 400 -LRB- mine was less with a rebate -RRB- , this camera is unquestionably the best buy of the year . I have compared the photographs taken with this camera with ones from my old Canon Powershot G2 and there can be no debate
 Pocket sized camera with amazing resolution ! Great for snapshooters , even good for a pro who wants to carry in a pocket a camera good enought to remember his vacations . Fast and reliable ! Great Carl Zeiss optics ! Low noise at ISO 100 . For under U$ 500 , this is a great choice , even if you do n't use so many mega pixels ...
 My choice came down to Sony P150 or the Canon S70 . I went with the Sony P150 for these reasons.Pros : - Small and compact-Lots of add-ons -LRB- wide-angle and super telephoto lens , external flash -RRB- - Cheaper than S70.-Unbelievable battery life . 180 + mins on full charge.-Excellent photo quality . Handles all shots well , but you may need to use manual controls.-Very good flash . Three levels of flash , highest level illuminated total darkness shots very well upto 12-15 feet.Cons : - Limited manual controls , but mostly sufficient.-Narrow lens compared to Canon 's 28mm wide angle lens.-Cannot save pictures in RAW mode-Some noise in pictures taken with auto mode.Also Recommended : - Tripod
 I am an accomplished amateur film photographer with 20 years experience and I am in a profession that demands perfection . I bought this camera five days ago before a trip to Savannah , GA. . I love it !!! I ca n't imagine having more fun with a camera . The images are beautiful . And I did n't even consider the movie mode . I have already emailed several beautiful short films to friends . And , amazingly , it fits easily in my pocket.There is something wrong with anyone that does n't like this camera .
 When you use it , its alot of detail power for it 's size.Sometimes it may not focus right on target but you 'll get a photo that looks superbly great . At rare times , I do not get the prefered results I need but still looks good.Indoor pictures not with flash end up shaky.Down the road , the extra options and scene modes give you different ways and results to take photos.The video is great with fast frames . Also it lets me get spontaneous images .
 Nothing has changed . The optical zoom is too small , the digital zoom is not even worth mentioning -LRB- smaller as it is , compared to earlier cameras -RRB- , and sticking to the memory stick card -LRB- the slowest card on the market -RRB- is somewhat deplorable .
 For the price of $ 370 , this is a great camera and is a 7MP . I took some great shots with this excellent camera and the clarity is just amazing . I also bought SanDisk 1GB memory stick pro which goes with this . The flash on this camera is very powerful . I would suggest this to everyone . You should try it out before you buy at either circuitcity or bestbuy . The camera is really small for it 's size and you could put it in your pocket and it is not at all noticable . An Excellent buy !!
 First , you should consider the P200 which adds a few bells and whistles -LRB- and might be had cheaper -RRB- . I ended up with a P-150 anyways for a couple of reasons
 This camera got a glowing review at dpreview.com . But a better version of this camera was recently introduced , the Sony DSC-P200 , at a lower price . Bigger LCD , better battery life , slightly smaller and lighter , a few useful new features . And did I mention lower price?So unless you 're getting a real bargain compared to the price of the P200 - look at that one . Do a web search on DSC-P200 for more info .
 I love this camera . I upgraded from a Cannon S110 Digital Elf , and love the - lack of shutter lag . This is the single biggest factor for me as a parent of 17 month old twins . With the Elf , I was constantly missing shots as the time from click to capture was significant . This camera has the least lag I could find . My father got the new Elf at the same time I got this , and became extremely jealous of the lack of lag . - lack of redeye . I can point this a foot from my face in relative darkness with the flash on , and get no redeye whatsoever . No more futzing with photo software trying to get rid of it for me ! - the long battery life . I 'm consistently getting several hundred shots per battery charge . - small size . It 's about an inch longer than the elf , but slightly thinner , and feels lighter . Easily fits in my pant 's pocket.The downsides : - I think the only way to charge the battery is to plug in the entire camera -- separate battery chargers are ~ $ 50 . - Uses memory sticks , not industry standard compact flash . Thus , the memory will cost you an extra $ 20-50 -- but this a one time charge.There are a ton of accessories available for this camera , from lenses to filters to underwater cases . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 First off I would like to say that when I was shopping around for a digital camera I looked at as many reviews as possible and I found this site had the most extensive and convincing review on the internet : http://www.dpreview.com/reviews/sonydscp150/I got this camera a week ago and I have been using it constantly since . The DSC-P150 is fantastic in all of the major areas.The Lithium Ion battery charges quickly and power consumption on this camera is very efficient . The rechargeable battery is a definite plus . Sure Lithium Ion batteries deteriate after time but considering the fact that there are many cameras that eat batteries in less than a day this is a great deal.Since this is a point & shoot camera it is obviously nowhere near the quality of a digital SLR but this camera still takes great pictures . The 7-mega pixel images are amazingly clear and take up just over 2 Megs of space . The shutter speed is enough to provide clear images in even low light conditions.The memory stick provided is only 32 Megs and I highly suggest buying a stick with at least 512 megs if you plan on shooting images mainly on 5 - 7 mega pixels . SanDisk makes great cards at a fraction of the price.The transfer speed with USB 2.0 is great as well and it does n't drain the battery power much like in most digital cameras.I was very pleased and surprised with the MPG movie quality . I created a short film using the highest resolution -LRB- 640x480 fine -RRB- and I played it using the camera and provided RCA/USB cable.The cameras interface is very easy as well . There are shortcuts that allow you to quickly change image quality on the fly and delete bad images in a second . These are the two most used features for me and it is incredibly easy.The size of this camera is a definite selling point . It is so sexy and sleek it is bound to turn heads but do n't let its size fool you . It can still take great images like the big dogs.The only downfalls in this camera that I can see would be the lack of manual control that you can have on an image but if you are looking for that go and buy a digital SLR . This is a great digital camera that I recommend to everyone who is looking for a compact point and shoot with great image quality .
 Plain and simple this camera Rock 's I own other digital and quality 35mm cameras and this is by far the best product ! It is as simple or complex as you want it to be
 I have had this camera for a month and I love it . It takes beautiful pictures in any condition and it is so fast . I have had a Nikon before but I missed every perfect moment because it took so long to take the picture . P150 is soooo fast . I have been taking pictures of my boys as they are running around and it has been wonderful . I also love the movie mode . I did months of research before I bought this camera and I could not be happier . It is compact enough to fit in my purse , easy to use , and takes beautiful pictures . What more could you want ? Sony did a great job .
 i cant explain how cool this camera is , yes sony is more know for cool products , but when it comes to quality of the picture , they lack , like the dsc-t1 ... well i can honestly say , sony has finally come through , the pictures look GREAT ... ok , im being realistic , there probably is something out there thats looks a little better picture wise , but , for the human eye to see you will be VERY happy -LRB- putting them on a teck bench is overratted -RRB- , and it is a point and shoot here people , PLUS , most of the other cameras look like crap ... canon 's are good picture wise , but besides the elphs though they are ugly ... i like the new pentex coming out , the SV ... but with only 5 mega pixels the sony is a way better item at 7 mega pixels ... ya the pentax has a 5 times optical zoom , but you can always zoom and crop with the sony and get a similar result ... plus , you can get an amazing lense for the sony to make it a 7.8 times optical camera , which is unheard of in small compact point and shoot camera ... bottom line is , the sony is the best looking small camera out there and it takes great pictures with 7 mega pixels ... oh ya , did i mention , easy to use , only an inch thick , a very nice high res 1.8 '' LCD and tons of toys on it ... all for under $ 500 ... canon 's 7 mega pixel ? UGLY ... pentax has no 7 megapixel ... and most other cameras are just not that exciting -LRB- im talking small point and shoot cameras here people -RRB- ... the sony P150 takes great pics and looks great ... if i can be of any more help , just ask
 The Sony DSCP150 is the best compact digital camera I have ever used , and has vastly exceeded my expectations . The 7MP resolution yields breathtaking clarity and resolution even when enlargements are made of the images . The motion picture mode is not as good as a true digital camcorder , but is definitely better than that found on most digital still cameras -LRB- and is not limited to any arbitrary length like on many competing cameras . -RRB- The optical zoom is easy to use , and operates flawlessly . The battery holds its charge for a very long time , and is easily recharged . Images are very easy to transfer to a PC -LRB- much easier than with my old Olympus -RRB- , as are video images.This model is being phased out , so if you get the opportunity , buy this camera while you can and get a bargain price as a bonus . One spotlight reviewer said he had issues with blurry images . I want to join the overwhelming majority of users here and say categorically that I have never had a problem with blurry images regardless of shooting conditions.There are better digital cameras out there , but not at this combination of tiny size and reasonable price . I highly recommend this camera , and have never regretted buying it .
 I absolutely love this camera . I bought it on sale , not knowing as much as I could have known about digi cams , but I was n't disappointed . It takes extremely sharp pictures , has alot of settings you can change -LRB- if you like to move away from the point-and-shoot simplicity -RRB- and of course , has the great Carl Zeiss lens . I would recommened its older brother , the DSCP200 , since it has a bigger LCD screen , but 2 of the modes on the wheel seem to missing from the DSCP150 to the 200 . Definately get a 1 gig memory stick , because its hard to downsize from 7.2 megapixels if you do n't have to .
 I got this camera for my birthday last year and have to tell you that I could not be happier . I have turned into one of those people that takes nonstop pictures . I picked this camera because I wanted something that was small , compact but good enough that if I wanted to take high resolution artsy shots I could -LRB- and have the possibility of blowing up the shots to poster size , etc -RRB- . I took this camera to Kentucky for a horse show and used it to take shots of horses jumping over fences ... many of them I used digital zoom for because I could not get close enough for the shot I wanted ... and I have to tell you I was SHOCKED at how good the images came out . Motion pictures of a horse jumping a fence with the digital zoom ? Everything I had ever heard about the digital zoom on digital cameras involved `` do n't use it for anything you would not want to be blurry '' . Want to see what this camera can do ? < a < a href = `` http://www.flickr.com/photos/amyrae/13725159/ '' title = `` Photo Sharing '' > < / a > I took that picture with this camera .
 This is a great camera on land and while scuba diving . Although they do n't make the water housing any longer you can still purchase it online through a few different vendors . I have really enjoyed the small size which makes it more likely to just throw it in your pocket and take a picture when ever the need arises . As far as a dive camera it 's been awesome . I would recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good , fast and totally functional camera . It also displays the current battery life so you know how many minutes you have left until your going to lose your power.Enjoy !
 This camera replaced a lost camera of the same model . This camera was listed at almost new . It was fantastic ... and more than we expected . It was in `` new '' out of the box condition and the special free gift in the shipment box was unexpected but greatly apprecited . The box was packed well and the experience will bring us back with confidence .
 An excellent camera , solid , great pictures . Plenty of accesories that will come handy . The only problem is the very VERY small monitor it has .
 Been using this drive since 4Q06 without problems . Currently storing thousands of photo and music files , plus backing up 2 computers on a regular basis.Plugged it into my router and am able to access it from multiple computers on the network with no problems.Accessing from Windows 2000 and XP , through a Wireless-N router -LRB- Linksys -RRB- . Could use software with more tools , but other than that , I 'm happy with the drive .
 After a full year , I still can not get it to work with my Windows Vista computer . I am hoping they will have an update.I am completely locked out of the drive data . -- Original review under Windows XP ProfessionalI have had my unit for a month so far without any problems . I connected it to my wireless network and have had no problem accessing it . Works incredibly fast . I have to log in every time I turn on my computer & / or the drive but not much of a problem since my computer remains on most of the time.It is very quiet and feels very solid . I have been transferring data from some of my older and smaller drives with no problems . Even after a computer crash -LRB- not the drive 's fault -RRB- , it came right back up and kept working -- something several of my USB external drives could not do very well.Wish it had more tools . There appears to be no way to do a disk defragment on the drive . Something to repartition would have been welcome and very handy -- It came up as a single 1 TB drive . A disk checker would have been nice . Perhaps I just do not know how to access any of these things ; or I need to bring it up as a USB drive to do them .
 I have a huge Movie collection that I keep on these servers . I have two of them with USB storage drives connected to them . No problems and easy setup . Going to buy 2 more
 i watch tv shows and skype a lot on my laptop so i needed something not expensive to project on my tv . so this worked perfectly .
 I got this lense for my new Canon DC50 and it performs as advertised.These days that fact alone can be very impressive .
 For a 720p resolution , this great sounding , high contrast TV makes DVDs and HD DVDs look great . HD DVD is so sharp , either by player or by cable , you would think it 's a 1080i TV .
 Super fast shipper , item well packed . Happy to have found a new out of date video card . Gets the job done and the customer was happy with the results . I could n't talk him into a system upgrade .
 I thought 32mbs of memory was enough but it was n't . Otherwise it was a wonderful purchasing experience , and it came way before they said it would , so I was very happy . It was my first purchase from amazon , and it wo n't be the last ! Ant online has fast , inexpensive shipping too !
 Typical of a Canon product , excellent in every way . Perfect for those tight scenes when you need to squeeze in another smiling face or two . Excellent clarity and no black corners as is so often seen in cheep -LRB- aftermarket -RRB- lenses .
 Daily Use
 Overall , this is a good bag . It has lots of room for my gear and fits my Dell M1730 which is a huge laptop . The bags material and construction is strong and the zippers are good as well.There are 5 sections to the bag , the laptop section is the back and it has 2 sleeves . The M1730 fits either sleeve , just barely , but again the M1730 is a huge laptop so any other laptop will have NO problem fitting in there and since there are 2 sleeves you can carry 2 laptops if needed . The only bad thing is that it is n't well padded , there IS a layer on the back and on the wall between the second section but it is thin . I keep the laptop in the inner sleeve ad use the manual/disc holder as padding in the back sleeve.The second section is just a large space with no pockets or anything , allowing you room for larger item storage . I keep my padded headphones and the power brick in there as well as a Logitech G-13 and there is room for another small item or so and there is also a thin layer of padding between this section and the next.The third section has 2 small thin sleeves at the bottom of the bag , smaller than a blu ray case , and 2 web pockets . The web pocket on the inner side is over the 2 sleeves I mentioned and takes up the top half of that side . The pocket on the outer side takes up the entire wall top to bottom . I keep 3 2.5 in external hd 's in the half size web pocket , and the full size pocket holds an xbox 360 controller , usb hub , assorted cables , and 2 small boxes holding my TrackIR gear.The fourth section is for pens and things with 2 pda size pockets and room for other small things , and the last section can hold a couple magazines . There is also an Ipod sized holder on one of the backpack straps.The bag can be separated from the wheels and the extending handle , which is connected by zippers and is easy to remove and replace.The only thing I have any real problem with is I think the wheels are wearing down too fast.As you can see from what I 've mentioned I fit in the bag , it can hold a TON of things , so I recommend it and give it 4 stars taking away one for my thinking the wheels wear a little fast .
 I bought this wheeled laptop bag to use at work -LRB- in Sales -RRB- . I end up taking it to Italy to visit family & friends for 3 weeks.Everything I needed -LRB- including the computer -RRB- was at my reach at all times.Sturdy , it survive check in & out of planes , security , car traveling all over Italy as well as traveling with 3 small kids -LRB- with all it involves -RRB- . This is a must for an organized traveler .
 Great product but is NOT compatible with a SOYO model SY-K7VTA Pro V1 .0 Motherboard/Mainboard for Windows 98SE or Windows XP . Other than that , it 's a great product , and very fast , which we 've used often in our customer 's systems .
 So 4 people actually thought they were buying a projector with built in DVD and a screen for $ 60 ? Seriously ? I 've got a nice bridge i 'll sell you . . just read the description .
 I found it increasingly difficult and next to impossible to find these DV tapes for the camera I use in any store.It is a great camera but it is an older model . The stores that did carry the tapes either did not have enough or they were priced extremely high.I was pleased to find the tapes online at a reasonable price and although I was worried they might not arrive in time , they arrived two days before the event I was preparing to video . I typically use four of them for each event of workshops for music teachers so buying in bulk was a great savings .
 Since I have an obsolete but still working DV camcorder , I needed tapes . These Maxell 's work fine and the price was good .
 The tapes worked fine . The quality of the tapes was good . The items arrived on time , I do not have to replace my camcorder because I could not fine the tapes .
 I have been buying these tapes for years because of their higher reliability compared to cheaper mini DV cassettes , such as some JVCs that I tried before . I do a lot of HDV recording , but the price of Sony `` HDV cassettes '' is way too high to be efficient . My archive library consists of over 300 mini DV tapes because they hold so little footage , and I trust these Maxells to store my HD footage . They record for about 01:02:30 , that being about 2.5 extra minutes you get out of them which I have used on occasion ! They work well with my Sony HVR-M15AU mini DV/HDV deck and dropout rate is very low . I used these as a backup for a critical show production requiring pristine quality video where computers would otherwise fail . Because HDV is a digital format , the tape quality does NOT affect picture quality , but it DOES affect reliability -LRB- i.e dropouts and errors -RRB- . If you need cheaper tape stock for HDV recording and playback , I highly recommend these as a cheaper alternative to the `` HDV '' labeled cassettes.Say NO ! to the HDSLR revolution !!!
 I have used these with my camcorder since purchasing it several years ago and have always been impressed . They work reliably and there are no dropped frames on playback . I use these to record HD video -LRB- 1080i from a Sony -RRB- . Now that cost for hard drives are coming down -LRB- well , was coming down until the 2011 floods in Thailand and soon will again -RRB- - tape is not as desirable as it was as a storage medium but it is still quite convenient . I was happy to find these on Amazon as our local bricks and mortar store where I used to buy them no longer carries them.All in all , these are well made reliable media and I would highly recommend them .
 Nice , but second time lose in quality a bit ... So I think not for multiple rec , though + is that its metal tape so its going to last 10 years
 I was very pleased with the product . My charging clip had broken from years of use . I had searched and searched for a replacement . I was please with the price . It works perfectly , and the service was wonderful !
 My old Garmin Forerunner was without a back charger / adapter . This was a great replacement . I can use my watch again !
 This is a great alternative to a wall charger which is n't made anymore.My Garmin Forerunner is quite old , but works . This charges it quite fast .
 This is a very good projector mount . I had a very difficult install ahead of me -LRB- low basement ceiling , with a support beam blocking my projector view on the ceiling -LRB- I had to mount the project behind the beam to get my 106 '' image -RRB- . Needless to say , this was not going to be an easy install to get the image lined up without the beam interfering -LRB- and I have a DLP projector with not many placement options and limited zoom -RRB- . Long story short , this mount worked . I would have liked the three twist screws that connect the projector to the mount to be more flexible without having the projector come loose -LRB- which it did a few times -RRB- . Making the ever so fine adjustments was a bit difficult since I could not get a screwdriver in there being only a few inches below the ceiling . I eventually used a drill bit and vice grip to do the job . Again , this was about a difficult install as you could probably do and this mount did the job . In most people 's installs , you can adjust the arms alone and achieve great results ... I had to use everything I could do to get this to seat perfectly.I highly recommend the mount and I would be surprised if this could n't meet your installation needs . Fit and finish is excellent and the mount wo n't budge once properly tightened -LRB- which is good because I do not look forward to adjusting my projector anytime soon -RRB- .
 For starters , in the interest of full discretion , this unit is my only experience with a projector mounting system . That being said , I would highly recommend this mount to anyone , veteran or novice , looking for a projector mount . On to the specifics . This mount is sturdy . I 'm lucky enough to live in a loft apartment , with exposed beams -LRB- approx . 8 `` x12 '' -RRB- . After installing the 3 long screws for the mounting plate , I gave it the ol' `` wiggle test '' . It did not budge . Long story short -LRB- maybe a bit late for that -RRB- it passed the I 'm hanging , all 205 lbs , from this projector mount test . This mount is very adaptable . It can be used as a wall or ceiling mount . The 12 '' extension is easily left out of the configuration for close to ceiling mounts . All the hing points are secured with a main hinge bolt , and a locking bolt . I found that the locking bolt when tightened full down will hold the projector in what ever position it is in , but with a little nudging it can be moved ever so slightly to whatever orientation it needs to be in . Once the secondary locking screws are tightened down this thing does not move . It also comes with a number of screws and 2 sets of arms to attach most any projector I could imagine . On the remote chance you have a projector with mounting points that are a completely obscure thread size and count anyone comfortable with hardware could be in and out of Home Depot or Lowe 's in 10 min with the parts needed , less $ 2 tops . All in all excluding some hyper advanced pneumatic operated , robotic ninja , space monkey navigated , projector mount ; I cant see someone really beating this unit in terms of strength , adaptability , and cost.P.S . To the reviewer that complained that he or she was having to use the screws that hold the projector to the mount , to adjust it , please spend your free time making a friend with the smallest understanding of mechanical know-how , not confusing people with sub-par Amazon reviews .
 I needed something simple yet adjustable in terms of distance from the screen , projector angle , left , right and up and down after mounting on the ceiling . With my limited handyman skill I always need adjustments after mounting at an approximate distance from the screen . I had considered the cheaper ones but the designs are inelegant and you would have to mount it at precise location . You could probably adjust the distance using the screws that hold the projector but that is very tedious to do.I have a wooden ceiling and it was easy to anchor it and also my projector is very light about 2lb . I guess heavier projectors may need something more than just wooden screws.I had hesitated a lot before buying this $ 90 for a $ 400 projector but I am happy and I think I made the right choice .
 I just bought and installed this Vantage Point mount . The design seems quite good it 's quite heavy and it is a sturdy as all get-out . When I 'm not using it as a projector mount , I could use it for home defense.Anyway , the mount bolted to the office wall just below the ceiling tiles and it 's rock steady.The only reasons I 'm giving it four stars is that there should be either a quick release or some way to hang the projector while attaching it to the arm . Also , the instructions are one of those where they cover several different models and have lots of If you have this one do this and if you have that one do that . Hey , it 's ONE freaking page ! How hard would it be to write one for each.Anyway , it 's pretty easy to figure out how to mount it on the wall and get the projector up there . I 'd recommend it .
 Not many reviews on this mount relative to the Epson 3010 . This mount works like a champ . Easy to mount , all hardware needed to install the 3010 came with the mount . The bracket is small and simple -LRB- not over-kill or overbearing -RRB- Very pleased and would recommend it . I used this mount as a wall mount for my projector .
 this mount was a great price and that is why I ordered it at first . I figured that I did n't have much to lose . I 'm really glad I did because it works perfectly , and was only a 20 minute install . -LRB- some of that time was due to the fact that my drill was n't well charged -RRB- I have read some reviews about the instructions not being as clear as they could be , and that may be true . But if you are able to successfully complete a children 's shapes game you can handle this install project .
 What an incredible product ! Very easy to install . Affordible , efficient , well constructed . I 've purchased about 6 of these for projector installs in classrooms . The multiple adjustments engineered in this design are awesome . Pretty much solves any allignment issues . Truly an amazing product that saved me so much time from previous mounting products/setups .
 Fantastic product . Easy to follow instructions and perfect for my installation . I was able to adjust my projector not only in depth but in height .
 Top Quality ! Easy to install and strong enough to hold even the heaviest of projectors . Sturdy !
 Found the perfect position on the wall for this mount . We have an option of Ceiling or wall mount with this very heavy duty Projector mount . Easy 3 long screws and big enough diameter we have no doubt this will stay put . No vibration with this heavy metal mount . The picture does not show how strong this mount really is . I searched long and hard before finding the perfect mount . Would buy another if I ever needed one . It is the most versatile and comes with an optional length arm . Very thoroughly thought out product .
 Very sturdy and solid construction . Mounting to a Dell 2400 projector was a little bit tricky because the projector only had one hole and I think this mount is for three holes . Anyway , I figured it out and now it just sits there holding up the projector . The wall mounting screws were a bit long - I used some shorter ones that worked better . I 'm happy with this product and would buy it again .
 This is a fantastic product mounted my projector to the wall above my seating area easily .
 very solid and quite inexpensive projector mount.wide range of movement to obtain perfect position of your projector
 I am a little skeptical of 5 star reviews , but this mount most certainly deserves that!I recently purchased a Planar Pd7060 , and was in need of a mount with good adjustments , due to my low drop ceilings in my Theater/basement . -LRB- The Planar does not have a lens shift ... -RRB- As mentioned in earlier reviews , the instructions are lacking , but the build quality of this thing more than makes up for the shortfall of the literature . I had to make a brace behind the ceiling tile outof 2x 's and that probably took longer to do than installing the projector . I am very pleased with all the tilt , yaw , forward , back , and side to side adjustments that can be made . It is very easy to square the projector to the wall or screen you are projecting on ... It has a variety of bolts included for mounting your projector , I did not need to go to Lowe 's or HD to pick up any thing ... My Planar has three mounting points , and the mount has 2 sets of 3 adjustable arms , that I am sure will work with almost any projector . WThere are set screws in every adjustable pivot point to lock your settings in place . This thing will not move ! Pricepoint and versatility are top notch !
 The product came with different screws to fit a variety of projectors . I easily found what I needed to mount my Dell projector . Once in place , there was lots of flexibility to adjust the postioning as needed .
 I used this to install a HC1500 Mit . Projector and I could n't be happier with the product . It is very heavy duty , and has many adjustments . I can not think of a way it could be better .
 I bought this for my black Infocus x9 projector . Everything matched up perfectly , the quality is great . It is very adjustable and can be locked in any position . I 'm considering ordering another for my other projector . Only problem is the price is a bit steep .
 Arrived quickly and performed as described . Heavy soild construction . Holds my large Mitz . HC-5500 with no problem . Would highly reccomend .
 I bought this for my Sony HS60 PJ . Mounted its pretty solid , over a few months I had to tweak the tilt a couple times because of a slamming door or something shaking the ceiling -LRB- apartments ! -RRB- but really it does its job well . For more money you might find one a little more attractive or whatever but really you do n't need much more than this unless you are getting into some serious weights . Provided thumbscrews went into the size my SONY had no problem , I 'm assuming most PJs use the same size . My only complaint is the screw in cam that you use a rod to insert into and do a final tighten is a bit tedious but not impossible .
 great price , easy to install - I DID have to purchase screws that would fit my projector for its mounting but for this price , I was not put off .
 This mount arrived at my house only a few days after ordered and it was very well packaged . I use it for my Epson PowerLite S5 in my home theater . It 's very sturdy and I feel as though my projector is very secure on the ceiling . My only gripe with the mount is that the screws that came with it to mount it on the ceiling were just too big for my ceiling , but we found alternative screws , so no stars are deducted for that . The screws that were included to attach the projector to the mount fit perfectly . I was extremely pleased when I opened the box and realized that the mount was packaged with three long arms AND three short arms which was excellent for my projector since I needed two short arms and one long arm . The mount also moves in about every direction that you can think of , so if your projected image is slightly off your screen , this feature will help greatly . Thank you Amazon and Vantage Point !
 This is a great projector mount . I was actually able to install this in our bedroom unassisted just a week after returning home from back surgery . For those of you lucky enough not to have had back surgery this means it was pretty easy to do . The only thing that holds me back from giving 5 stars is the level of thinking I had to do before accomplishing the easy installation . In other words it was easy to install but not quite as easy to figure out how to install . Once I figured out how to fit everything together - the instructions were OK but not phenomenal - it probably took under ten minutes to do the install including aligning the projector . After the installation I have n't had to give it another thought . I will buy another one just like it when I get a projector for the basement .
 I had spent months of searching for an affordable ceiling mount for my projector when I happened to stumble across this find.The construction is solid , the range of movement for adjustment is excellent , and it has not budged from the settings I applied when I hung if a week ago . -LRB- Granted it will over time , but so far it has been great -RRB- . Everything I needed to hand and adjust it was included , so no separate mounting hardware neededThere are two different sets of arms to attach to the projector , so it seems to fit almost any projector so long as you have 3 mounting holes to attach into -LRB- and there are three different screw sizes to choose from . -RRB- Great product , and a wise investment .
 I found this product worked fine , and works better than my last one , however I still have the same problem with this that I did with the other . It has a tendancy to move , and every time I use it I have to re-align it . I 've only had for a couple of weeks so I havent had time to fiddle with it to see if I can fix this . If anybody else has a suggestion , I 'm open .
 Great Product , Easy to install , cost effective and great manual.I have installed Sanyo PLV-Z60 projector in my Media room it works greats . To fix projector to the mount you might have to buy three screws , as provided screws are small . Secondly make sure the Stud is in center of room as top 3 screw fit in one line .
 This worked as we needed it to , however , it required a trip to the hardware store because it was packaged with the wrong screws to attach it to the ceiling . It works now , but it was somewhat frustrating not to have all the necessary components for installation right in the box .
 This projector mount is solid and worked perfectly for my Sony Bravia VPL-AW10 . The instructions are pictorial -LRB- zero words -RRB- but I was able to understand them just fine.It is well engineered . As long as every bolt is tightened with the included allen wrench it will hold the projector at any angle you need .
 Definetely would recommend to anyone with a projector . Versatile , easy to install and it contains many diferent screws to fit any projector . Great buy at a great price .
 This is the perfect mount for my Optoma projector . I had bought a cheap mount and did n't have a clue on how to use it . This mount was easy to mount projector to ceiling . It was equally easy to mount to the projector . I am very happy with my purchase and am sure that anyone else will find this mount is very user friendly .
 Easy to install . I was able to install my Optoma HD70 with this Projector Mount in no time . There were no complications . I highly recommed this unit to others .
 simple to install and a good price can beat thatthe parts do not feel cheap , and yet the design is obviously simple and it will work with any projector is a plus . i figure i 'll be upgrading the projecor some time . and for $ 60 its not worht trying to make your own projector shelf .
 Just installed mine couple of days back . Quality and finish of the product is `` A '' Class and installation was not difficult either . It can be set to any angel and position that you want . Very Happy with this product .
 I loved the fact that it was so easy to put together . I almost had a hardtime figuring it out , but it turns out that no matter how u put the projector on , it fits ! It was easy hardware setup and super fast to understand as far as making the angles.Now for the bad stuff ! Unless three people live with u to help you , you can rest assured the installation will be difficult . The mount itself was easy , no doubt . But from one projector user to another , setting up the projector to hit the screen at the right angle and perpindicularly was super hard . You have to hold the mount on the ceiling while trying to mark out where the screw holes go without moving so you can keep the perfect angle you set up . Other than that , it was superb . The only reason it was a 4 and not a 5 is when i tried to tighten the angle , the screws came through the drywall of the ceiling.P.s . if anyone has a better way to install please let me know , i have to move it!Newburns@comcast.net
 Need a simple ceiling projector mount for your conference room or multifunction room ? This is it ; after doing some research decided on the Vantage Point product and had our projector installed in less than 30 min . Two small points for improvement :1 -RRB- They need better instructions . There was not enough explanation on what parts to use with different projectors .2 -RRB- Easier fine tune adjustments for aiming the projector.Overall for the money a great projector mount .
 I used this ceiling mount for my Sony VPLAW15 . The hardware is strong and simple , let me say again , simple to put together . You ca n't beat the price either.It literally took around 30 minutes for installatin , including drilling the holes , finding the beam , etc. . The instructions are pictures only , no dialogue , but plenty sufficient . It comes with all the parts needed to mount your project . I would highly recommend this mount .
 I mounted my Optoma HD70 on the ceiling and it could n't have gone better . I was actually able to use the mount without the middle extension bar as I mounted my HD70 directly on a sloping ceiling and exactly in the middle , left to right , of the screen . My HD70 has a very low profile to the ceiling . The sloping ceiling allowed some additional access to the adjustment screws.The only improvement that I can see being made would be to put rubber feet on the three extension legs that tighten into the projector to allow for some vibration dampening and for the screws that slide through the extension legs to fit more snug inside the legs .
 I was pleased with this product from the time I pulled it out of the box to full instalation and use . It is well manufactured and is very sturdy . I would recomend it to anyone .
 I used this to mount anEpson PowerLite Home Cinema 8350 -LRB- V11H373120 -RRB- projector to the ceiling and it worked great ! The universal brackets allowed me to match up with the holes on my Epson . The mount is very sturdy , mounted to a joist in the ceiling . After the projector was hung it was easy to adjust right/left/up / down to center the image on my screen . I have had no issues !
 good price , easy to put together -LCB- read the instructions -RCB- , no problems at all . get this item
 Easy to install , holds projector steady , very solid mount , very pleased with the way it looks and works . Would recomend this product .
 The mount wet together easily will little frustration . Holds solid and seems well made . Put up in less than 10 minutes .
 I looked at some cheaper mounts but I found there were people who had to modify the cheaper mounts to get them to work properly . I wanted a mount which did n't require a dremel and skill.This Vantage point mount was somewhat easy to put together , its low to the ceiling and comes with the needed wrench . The mount is more than enough for my projectorVivitek D512-3D 2600 Lumen SVGA HDMI 120 Hz 2D to 3D Portable DLP Projectorso I do n't have any issues . Just make sure you follow the easy directions .
 This is one of the best looking projector mounts I 've seen . It is very adaptable , and the quality of materials and construction is very good . Installation was easy , although fine tuning the projector angles took some time . The projector is stable and secure on this mount.I give an A + to Vantage Point -- I called them before I bought this to see if it would work for a projector -LRB- NEC NP2000 -RRB- with 4 mounting points instead of 3 . They said it would , but they happily sent an extra set of arms and mounting hardware for me to use , free of charge ! And they sent it before I even purchased the unit from Amazon . They also have a great website.Cons : - Does n't have a quick release - One of the adjustment screws is already starting to strip because I 've made a lot of adjustments -- maybe I 'm just cranking down too tightly .
 Push them in deep -LRB- you should be able to hear yourself swallow -RRB- and you get pretty good sound . Bass is accurate , not muddy or boomy , highs are crisp , the mids are clear and fairly detailed . Of course this is after tweaking the EQ on your player . If your player does n't have an EQ you probably will not be to happy with these . The retractable case is 2.5 inches x 2.25 , a little too large in my opinion , never the less a handy way to protect and keep your cords tangle free . The cord is plenty long enough at 3 ' . These buds can get pretty loud so you have to pay attention to the volume setting . No fatigue after two straight hours of rock , rap , and pop . Overall a good value for the money , I paid $ 34 at B&H . I 'm happy with the sound and the comfort . Just do n't expect to be wowed . The last time I was wowed was when I brought a pair of Pro 35A 's from Radio Shack for thirty bucks . To this day I ca n't believe the incredible sound from those budget phones . So I give these 4 stars if you use an EQ , 3 stars without .
 Never though I 'd see a Flash Drive that looked like a surf board . The 512MB was perfect as a gift for a young man . Amazon does have neat items .
 We purchased the Lowrance iFinder H2Oc GPS with some Navionics maps on an SD memory card . We used new Lithium AA batteries with the unit.Our purpose for purchasing the unit was for use in navigating waterwaysbetween Minnesota and Ontario , specifically the Rainy Lake region.The unit worked very well , and was very useful for navigating these rocky lakes , with many navigational hazards , such as numerous rock outcroppings , and hazards just below the surface of the lake.The only problem we encountered was a long delay in downloading/processing map information , if you chose to zoom in/out of your current display . It sometimes took 10 seconds or more for the new screen to load , and if you are using this device as an aid , and travelling across the lake at 30 or 40 knots , the delay was a little unnerving at times , specifically if the lake has a lot of rock pile hazards . And yes , the software states you should not use this device for navigation , it is only an aid.The batteries we started with lasted all week , and we used this unit extensively all week.When you arrive at your destination , you need to remember to load the specific map you will use . For the Navionics maps , you will also need toknow the abbreviated file name for the area you want to view . The file names are not always obvious , so make sure you review the software to know what map to load , for the area you are using the GPS . This is a Navionics comment , so we did not add or detract from the GPS review score.That issue aside , we would probably rate this item overall at a 4.5 . If you are heading to a large unknown lake , looking for navigation aids , and a depth chart , this is a great tool , and we doubt you will regret the purchase . If you are getting older , the screen is a little small , but it is hand-held , and small enough to put in your pocket or tacklebox.Good luck
 This Lowrance GPS receiver has all the features needed for geocaching . Aided by topo mapping software , this device will lead you to any spot you want . To get the same features in other brands , you would have to spend more money . Also , the car adapter comes with the device whereas it is a separate purchase in other brands . We have used it extensively and never had a problem . It acquires the satellites quickly and keeps the signal under adverse conditions such as tree cover . The only small problem is that the road map overlay may be off in some areas by several yards . This is not a big concern since it 's the topographical accuracy that is important . This model does n't have an electronic compass or altimeter ; however , for just a little bit more money you can get these features in a Lowrance Expedition C. Not a big deal for most folks .
 I have been searching for a handheld chartplotter where you can string a series of waypoints on the chart and create a route . The Garmins -LRB- Colorado and now Oregon -RRB- do n't do it , you have to set waypoints then select them from an off chart list to create a route.Yes , for more details you have to buy a chip . A great marine chip for this unit is the Nautic Path which can be found on Amazon for $ 119 . This unit is a true handheld chartplotter at a price even with the detailed all USA marine chip by Nautic Path defeats all competitors.NP-USA NAUTIC PATH MAP CHART
 Upon receiving my unit I promptly turned it on and paitently waited for a satelite lock which never came . Even going up 1000 ft in elevation did n't work . I checked to make sure the external antenna setting was unchecked , it was . Not to give up I decided an external antenna was needed and found them here at Ebay . -LSB- ... -RSB- The external antenna made all the difference , it will even get a 3D lock indoors . I am still learning how to use my unit but I already know that with the Navionics HotMaps it will serve my needs getting around the local lakes .
 I have had this unit literally since it first came out -- January 2006 . I use it exclusively for geocaching and have the Topo Maps version 6 for it . I did a lot of research before settling on this unit because as one reviewer stated it gives the most bang for the buck . I find it gives me a great lock even under heavy forest foliage . I also get a lock inside my house still after 4 years of use . The accuracy is outstanding and matches the units that other cachers are using when we are out together . This unit has fallen into rivers twice over 2 years ago . It floated to the surface and I retrieved it easily . It worked fine after both of these episodes . I find that the topo maps load quickly-as fast as I drive . The only thing I would like to see on it is the ability to project in feet rather than the smallest being 0.1 mile . I have not had any of the other problems that other reviewers have noted here . It is easy to use and I can input coordinates faster than the other cachers who have other brands of units . I use recharable batteries and have found that the brand name batteries work the best as expected . There will always be someone who is not satisfied or who get a bad unit no matter what they buy . None of the other cachers I know with these units have experienced the problems that other reviews have noted here . I have talked to Lowrance support twice and thought they were the best I have talked to . No wait , not foreign and they knew what they were talking about . I recommend this unit to everyone that asks how I like it . When this one finally bites the dust I will check out the new Lowrance units first as I believe that they were still offer the most bang for the buck .
 Have used this only a couple of time and it works very well in the areas I have tried . Would buy this product again .
 Love this machine . It is my second one . The first one was new but this is refurbished . It still works good.My first one was stolen .
 Trial lawyers go to court the way Alaskan hunters venture into the interior-loaded for bear . We used to march into court with what was called a trial bag-a boxy briefcase that one can stick the entire contents of a file into and lug down to the courthouse . Actually the trial bag itself became rather limited when teams of paralegals started cross indexing long depositions , exhibits , and document production . In one of my trials the one entire side of the gallery was taken over by bankers ' boxes and a team of three paralegals desperately trying to anticipate the next document their lawyer would need . These days a decent laptop can and usually does replace trial bags , most paralegals , and bankers boxes.Lawyers however are loathe to walk into court with a nylon laptop case , looking to all the world like an IT geek in a tailored suit . McKlein USA provided the answer - a sleek , lawyerly looking laptop case . I have had mine for over three years and other than a slight tendency to topple over -LRB- the result of overstuffing on one side by yours truly -RRB- , the briefcase has performed admirably . The bag has three major lined compartments and I use the middle compartment for my MacBook Pro . On either side of that I stuff any written materials I plan on using . In a zippered interior compartment I put my chargers and extra cables . As indicated you can overfill as mine often is.This is an excellent laptop case that looks like a regular briefcase . You will never be mistaken for a IT geek .
 McKleinUSA HARRISON 83385 Black 17 Partners Laptop BriefMcKleinHow do you rate this product?I love itmore words required
 I really like this case . It is stylish but still practical and does just what I need . It has plenty of room , mutiple compartments , and the `` over-the-top '' closure secures the contents very well . The leather is beautiful as well .
 Just returned from my first trip with the new bag . It worked well ; however I can confirm all of the other reviews that the strap does disengage unexpectedly -LRB- e.g. , standing still on a moving walkway in the airport -RRB- . Since I never use the strap unless traveling , I plan on substituting a strap from another bag on the next trip . It was also slightly difficult to fit the bag under the airplane seat , but eventually went under with the right angle . I like the leather -LRB- not too shiny or too matte -RRB- and looks much more professional than all of the over-priced nylon Tumi bags -LRB- yes , Tumi has great quality , but a nylon bag is still just a nylon bag and it 's hard to negotiate $ $ $ $ deals looking like a student with a laptop bag - and do n't even get me started about bags with wheels ! -RRB- . Also , given the low price , I do n't get freaked-out when the bag gets the usual rough treatment from bell hops and limo drivers -LRB- hence , I did n't splurge on the gold-standard Bosca bag -RRB- . My opinion is that this bag looks good , holds a terrific amount of `` stuff '' and is priced appropriately .
 We bought this briefcase as a gift for a close friend . He loves it ! It has a sleek look and the inside is phenomenal . It is really roomy and is made well .
 2 months in this is a well made bag . construction seems durable and has ample padding and some decent pockets . stitching is a little showy and worries me a bit .
 I bought this to use as portable speakers for my other portable players when I go out of town , or on cruses . It is small and plays loud!and is rechargeable , no batteries to buy.I knew it did not have much storage for mp3 files.I also use it in the shower . Works great in there.You can hear it over the running water.I do n't think the radio works so great , at least where I live.It worked better out of town.It should have a bulit in antenna , like any portable radio does , not that dum plug in cord , that you can loose.I knew what I was buying , works great for me.For a refurbised item you would ` nt know it , looks new . -LRB- 4 stars because of cord antenna -RRB-
 Although this little radio/MP3 system is pretty decent , the capacity is n't what I 'd hoped for music storage . The radio , however , was my main impetus for purchasing it , and it does the job excellently . I am dissappointed , though , to discover that it was refurbished when I deliberately chose to purchase the only one offered on Amazon as New in Box , paid a little more for it for that reason , and when it came it was obviously used with a limited warranty . Not so cool Amazon .
 I like the soundsystem , but wish it were a little louder and punchier . All in all I am satisfied .
 I installed this in a Windows Vista Ultimate system and Vista automatically downloaded and installed the latest driver . I have Aero Glass running and the performance rating is in the 4.x range . Also , the Diamond version of this card has an onboard fan to minimize the heat -LRB- the ATI version does n't -RRB- . Also , Media Center works really well under this card .
 I bought this mainly so that I could run Microsoft Robotics Studio simulator . Anything less than an ATI 9400 specs . will not run the simulator due a lack of shaders which the 9550 has . After I installed the card the simulator ran great and I 've been very happy with it . The 3D graphics run without any choking and I 'm running it on a 1GHz PC with 512MB RAM . I would definitly recommend this card .
 I bought this card for my husband for Christmas . Now , he LOVES the performance and it made his Tiger Woods 2007 golf game look GREAT ! So much so , that I am rather envious as it does n't look anywhere near as nice on my computer which has an Nvidia GeForce FX 5200 ! The one reason I give it 4 stars is that from the reviews and from the PICTURE posted here on Amazon , I thought it would have a cooling fan . It does not , or at least the one we received from Tiger Direct does not . It has a heat sink instead . So if you must have a cooling fan , realize that sometimes this product ships with a heat sink.That said , there has been no problem with the card through lack of a cooling fan , the heat sink seems to work just fine and my husband often spends hours on his computer.My husband has a home built system , running Windows XP Home SP1.Update 9/16/2008 : Well , the lack of a cooling fan has not been a problem . The card has been running without a single hitch or glitch . I 'm sorry I did n't give it 5 stars instead of 4 .
 I have had this card for about a week now and it works perfect . I bought Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 and it wouldnt work on my computer because I didnt look at the required graphics card . But I bought this card and it made the game run smoothly . The only thing is I ca n't get 128bit color , only up to 32 bit . Maybe it 's just my computer and I dont know how to activate it . I have an HP Pavilion 7955 , P4 , 1.5 Mhz , 512RAM > _ < . -RRB- I paid -LSB- ... -RSB- and after the -LSB- ... -RSB- rebate from Tiger Direct , its a superb deal .
 I bought this video card since i didnt have one.I was using windows ME and found a download for the driver that is ME compatible even though not included on the CD . However you wont get all the features as with Win XP.I later upgraded to win XP and was able to open the drivers from the CD that came with the video card and was able to see all the features -LRB- although i dont know how to maximize most of them -RRB- . Someone else said they were able to get the card to work with vista so I upgraded to vista . there is a driver included on the cd for vista but you have to search for it as it doesnt load automatically and you even get an error when inserting the installation disk.when i was using win Xp , I downloaded a program to check compatibilty with Vista . the program found that card doesnt have some of the minimum features to get the the most advanced features of vista . Therefore if you want the most advanced features of vista , you shouldnt get this card as it will eventually be obsolete . However the basic features of Vista do work .
 This card is a good basic graphic card if u have all the requirements for it
 I recently bought this product to ensure that my vista upgrade will provide the ability to use Aero . I am not a gamer and hence this review will probably not cover any of those aspects ... Vista Aero definitely worked pretty nicely . However , for reasons unrelated to this card -LRB- I certainly know that the card was not the problem since I had a printer that I really needed to use and could not get it to work with Vista -RRB- , I had to downgrade back to XP . Luckily I had the old hard drive with XP that I just reconnected . XP before I upgraded was using the ATI 9250 card , and so now when I loaded it again it had to install the 9550 drivers . Right after I did this , windows media player was just not able to play any video file without any choppiness . I played around with some of the hardware acceleration settings , and was able to play wmv , and MPGs , but no matter what I did , AVI playback was horrendous . So I had to take it out and go back to my old 9250 and everything was working fine . I did try the latest drivers from ATI , but nothing helped . This may be a problem related to my configuraton , but I just wanted to mention it . This is an excellent card for the price , and I think it is a good deal for anybody that is looking for a cheap alternative to reach the specs that vista needs .
 I originally purchased the Yamaha YST-SW215 8 '' Powered Subwoofer . I was underwhelmed by the performance and the cheap construction . However , at $ 99 , I got what I paid for.I returned it and began looking for other options . I looked at the JBL and at first dismissed purchasing it because it was out of my price range -LRB- $ 200 and under -RRB- . I went to BestBuy to see/hear it -LRB- $ 299 -RRB- . Hearing any audio equipment at a store will not compare to your home environment , so saying that it sounded good at the store may not yield the same results at home . I mainly wanted to see the build and quality of the materials . I was very impressed-especially knowing I was going to purchase elsewhere for a better price . It is well worth the $ 299 . When visiting the Amazon site , I clicked the new and used offers , I found several under $ 180 . Usually , this raises a red flag - gray market products etc. . Also , many underprice and regain profit when adding shipping.I purchased this from Bestpriceaudiovideo.com for $ 169 with free shipping and no tax . I was not disappointed . The order was processed when they said it would be and came well-packed . This was no after market sub.I would be surprised if you can find a better sub for the price . It can rattle the walls if you want or can simply add fuller sound to music if that 's what you like . and for only $ 60 or so more than the Yamaha , it was well worth it .
 This is a great sub for entry-level to mid-level systems , where you have some measure of control over the listening environment . Its construction quality is high , has sufficient power to provide a good listening experience in a small to moderate sized room , is tight , and is musical.Because this is a ported design , it has a tendency to get boomy ** IF ** it is placed incorrectly , or tuned incorrectly , within a room . Put it in a corner where it is tuned to the resonant frequency of the floor and drywall in that corner , sure it can get pretty whoofy at that frequency . But , ANY similar sub from another manufacturer will display exactly the same traits -- it is a matter of physics , not a matter of whether this is a Hsu , SVS , or whatever . If boominess is an issue , place the sub away from the corner , or tune it appropriately with the crossover setting ... So , if you are looking for a reasonably priced sub from an outstanding manufacturer , an excellent line of speakers -LRB- the JBL Northridge series -RRB- , and a speaker that delivers the goods without being pretentious , this might be a good choice to consider ...
 I needed to replace a pair of bookshelf speakers and decided to add the JBL E150P subwoofer to the order since the price was only $ 179 with free shipping.This sub has made a significant improvement to the sound of my system adding full rich bass without booming . It is well built ; solid in both construction and performance . I 'm glad I added it to my order !
 This Speaker seems to be no longer manufactured . As far as I can tell by the published specs . the JBL SUB 10 is its replacement . The grill is different . My E150P is well engineered and is very pleasing to listen to.In my listening room -LRB- 16 ` x12 ' with vaulted ceiling -RRB- which is not set up for surround sound , the E150p really brings out a symphonic bass drum or a 32Hz organ pedal . For under $ 200 I believe you will be satisfied .
 I had this sub-woofer , and it is the best 10 '' around . It is great . Get one , if this is what you are looking for . I just use my pc now , but i had alot of fun , w / the JBL 10 '' sub , and you can find them priced very , very low .
 While we are by no means experts in this field and thus ca n't adequately comment on detailed tone reproduction , we are elated with our Mirage Nanosat 5.1 speaker system -LRB- we own the white version -RRB- . Not only does the size of the speakers gently vanish in the d&eacute;cor , but the sound is astonishing .
 When we moved into the new house the former owner took his Bose speakers from the family room . I bought these as a replacement and they sound better than any Bose speakers I have heard for surround sound . Bass is good but not great and the center channel is good for small rooms but you should buy a larger one for a big room . Overall this is the best sound for the price I have heard .
 I needed a speaker system for my living room . The requirement was to get the best sounding small speakers for a reasonable price , and maximum sound stage.This particular system is omnidirectional which means that it will create the largest possible `` sweet spot '' and will completely fill a room < = 300 ft -LRB- i.e. my living room -RRB- . I 've heard the small 5.1 system by Klipsch -LRB- Mirage parent company -RRB- -LRB- synergy quintet III -RRB- , B&W ; -LRB- M1s -RRB- , Polk -LRB- RM705 -RRB- , and Energy -LRB- Mirage sister company -RRB- -LRB- classic take 5 -RRB- : Polk RM705
 I was concerned that these speakers would not be able to `` cut it . '' I was wrong . These speakers deliver superb sound . Although I purchased this system primarily for movie-watching , I found myself going through my classical music collection and falling in love with it all over again .
 If you have a Garmin eTrex Vista HCx GPS , do not buy Garmin 's bike mount because it does not fit . Buy this rail mount instead to mount the GPS on a bicycle handlebar . The adapter that comes with the Vista HCx clips right in to this rail mount.Unfortunately , this mount is not as secure as the mount Garmin makes for their Edge GPS units and it only allows you to mount the GPS on your handlebar , not on the stem.There is also a larger diameter version for fatter handlebars -LRB- like most road bikes -RRB- : Garmin Large Diameter Rail Mount Adapter -LRB- 010-10496-00 -RRB-
 I have an old -LRB- 80 's -RRB- Schwinn Crossfit BMX bike , and a Garmin eTrex Venture HC GPS unit . I read other reviews about mounting the eTrex to a bicycle , found this bracket on Amazon , and ordered it with some other items for free shipping . While waiting for it to arrive , I searched for the special `` clip '' that came with the GPS , and after some searching , found it -LRB- and I 'm glad I did ! -RRB- . When this bracket arrived , I sized it to my handlebars , and found I needed the thinner rubber spacer to make it fit . At first I was disappointed I had to use a spacer , but soon realized it helps keep the bracket/GPS from spinning around the handlebars while riding . My wife and I went for a ten mile ride that afternoon , down several pot-holed streets , onto a smooth rail-to-trail , then back home . The Garmin stayed in place perfectly , and I was able to easily un-click the GPS from the bracket and scroll through menus , make backlighting adjustments , then slip it back into place for a tight fit , all while still . Pretty cool ! I would recommend this to anyone with a Garmin that fits this bracket , and saved their `` clip ! '' Side note
 I liked this item so much I bought 3 . I put one on my motorcycle , ATV , and bicycle . Works great and makes getting outdoors with my GPS easy . I have not used it on my ATV yet ; however the motorcycle and Mt Bike works great .
 Works well for holding my Garmin e-Trex Vista C to the handle bar of my recumbent . No complaints . I would buy another if I purchase a 2nd bicycle .
 This piece works well in conjuction with the fitting that came with my Vista HCx . Mounted to my mountain bike handlebars . It seems sturdy but rattles a bit with off road vibration .
 This is a very nice versatile mount for Garmin Etrex series . Installation is very simple and secure with multiple thickness pads to apply to different handlbar diameters . Note that you need the Garmin back with the clip to mount to this bracket . That back is typically supplied with GPS purchase .
 The bicycle mount for GPS Garmin Etrex Vista HCX and others is easy to install on the bike , making it easy to insert and remove the GPS this accessory . But in cycling use light to medium , I do not know the resistance in heavy pedaling . Only considered the expensive product .
 Unexpensive and perfect for bicycles . You do n't need expensive or complex systems to fix your GPSr on your bike.Just this one .
 The bike mount stands still on the bike and holds the GPS tightly . It 's easy to install and does n't come off easily .
 Works very well on my mountain bike for carrying my Garmin gps . No problems with delivery , quality or use .
 Received product quickly from vendor and it was exactly as expected.Garmin produced a sturdy , well built system for this mount .
 I have had my mount on my mountain bike for a year now and I have only lost my Garmin Etrex Vista Hcx once . It was n't the mounts fault . The screw holding the snap in piece jiggled loose and disconnected form the GPS . Recommended to anyone who wants a GPS mounted to their bike !
 Examine the picture produced by one of Logitech 's QuickCam web cameras , then examine the picture produced by the Philips Vesta Pro Scan . I 've seen both , and there 's no contest
 This is a great camera for your computer . It is very easy to set up and just takes minutes before you can teleconference with a friend . The software is the easiest by far to use . Buy two ! One for you and one for a friend .
 I purchased a 12 '' Dell Notebook & the bag fits ! The notebook fits into the sleeve kind of snug , but it works like a charm .
 This bag is a perfect fit for the Apple G4 12 '' Powerbook . It 's padded and had a messenger bag style . The design is slick and pairs well with the sexy , streamlined functionality of my Powerbook . This bag has a specially designed Ipod compartment that could also hold your cell phone . What 's more there are many compartments to hold things like a power adaptor , various cables , a portable mouse , etc.What 's more , it doubles as a small brief case and can hold a book or two and a file folder among other things . It eliminated the need to carry multiple bags . it 's the perfect size and makes the most of the 12 '' Powerbook 's slim design . It 's honestly easy to take your Powerbook everywhere in this unisex non-bulky bag . . My only criticism of this bag is the carry strap . It 's well padded and comfortable , but the adjustability is limited because unless you keep the strap short -LRB- with the Velcro overlapping -RRB- the high quality Velcro sticks to your clothing -- especially sweaters . I still love this bag , but if you are over 5 ' 6 '' do n't count on wearing the bag cross shoulder style . It 's fine if you wear it like a shoulder purse , though.I 'm thinking of buying another in black . Yes , it 's that good .
 I bought this for my new 12 '' iBook and its absolutely gorgeous . It has an exceptionally well padded interior pocket for the laptop and plenty of room for accessories.Fast shipping from Amazon.com
 We are pleased with how well the headset is working . Very easy to install on your regular phone with the handset lifter . Once you get used to having something attached to your ear , you forget that it 's there . Have not heard any complaints about sound quality problems from people that we are talking to on the phone .
 I bought the Toshiba SD1700 for my husband last year for Christmas . I am like a magnet on a credit card , I wipe out things electronic , so I was thrilled to be able to read the comments on the different DVD players . I could do the research , compare products on-line and the best part was it came to my house and I did n't have to brave myriad stores to find him a gift and I got him one he had read positive things about in his consumer journals . For once I actually looked like I knew what I was doing . This DVD player is great , we use it quite a lot and it has fantastic picture , it is easy to use . I can only think of one small thing that keeps me from a full 5 star rating , it is that the remote has small buttons . I 'm looking at buying one for my parents this Christmas , you ca n't beat the price and quality . Probably our next DVD purchase would be a 3 or more disc capacity , I 'd definitely go with another Toshiba . I can only hope to get one as good at this and as comparably priced . From someone who is technologically challenged , I am really happy with this product . Thanks Amazon for the ease of shopping .
 I bought the Toshiba SD1700 for my husband last year for Christmas . I am like a magnet on a credit card , I wipe out things electronic , so I was thrilled to be able to read the comments on the different DVD players . I could do the research , compare products on-line and the best part was it came to my house and I did n't have to brave myriad stores to find him a gift and I got him one he had read positive things about in his consumer journals . For once I actually looked like I knew what I was doing . This DVD player is great , we use it quite a lot and it has fantastic picture , it is easy to use . I can only think of one small thing that keeps me from a full 5 star rating , it is that the remote has small buttons . I 'm looking at buying one for my parents this Christmas , you ca n't beat the price and quality . Probably our next DVD purchase would be a 3 or more disc capacity , I 'd definitely go with another Toshiba . I can only hope to get one as good at this and as comparably priced . From someone who is technologically challenged , I am really happy with this product . Thanks Amazon for the ease of shopping .
 I have a basic A/V system
 This is the same player that was selling for two hundred last year . For the money this is probably the best player available.Quality is good and picture quality is great . If you are looking for a everyday dvd player , this is the one .
 I bought this player in August of 2001 . I have yet to have one single problem with it . I had a Samsung 511 which was bad from day one and went bad three weeks after being `` repaired . '' As far as features go , I am not one of those that needs a DVD player or TV or VCR that does everything short of making dinner . So everything is fine . I rarely use most of the extra features . As an owner of 50 DVDs and a renter of about a dozen DVDs a year I say this machine performs flawlessly .
 Seriously for the money , this thing is spectacular . I actually have two . I got the first one with a new Toshiba Pure Flat Screen T.V. -LRB- both from Amazon -RRB- the picture is spectacular . Do n't forget to take advantage of the component video outputs !! Toshiba calls em `` Color Stream '' If you are looking for a low priced player , either for your primary system or the bedrooms you wo n't be disappointed . I was so happy with the first DVD and T.V. I order another pair for our guest bedroom . Now if I could just get people to PAY for staying over !
 I am not very `` electronics '' savvy so I was a little nervous when I got this home . However , my fears were soon put to rest . It is very easy to set up and then it was ready to play . I am enjoying it thoroughly . I am sure it does n't have all the features of a more expensive model , but for someone who just wants to enjoy watching movies , it is perfect , even for the novice .
 This is my first DVD player and I have had no problems with this SD1700 in two months of use . Not one DVD has skipped or misplayed . I bought the very expensive monster cables also and the output is excellent .
 It 's not expensive , and it performs admirably well at its appointed task , the playback of standard DVDs . It will also play audio CDs . There are composite video outs , though if you have a monitor/TV that can use these , I bet you opt for a fancier DVD player . There is a SuperVideo output for those who can not use the composites -LRB- and RCA outs for those who can not use either -RRB- , good Dolby/DTS audio outputs for your sound system -LRB- or a simple RCA out if you 're just going to play it back on a regular TV -RRB- , and a few zoom levels and screen angles as well , but this is still considered a basic unit . In that , it will not disappoint .
 I finally got sick of my GE1105P skipping and freezing , and broke down and bought the Tos SD-1700 . I LIKE IT ! I tried all my trouble disks - X-men , Enemy of the State , etc. , and NO PROBLEMS ! The remote is small and not backlit , but simple and well marked . The player has a nice set of features and the picture and sound quality are great ...
 This is not one of the best DVD players out there , but if you are looking for a standard run of the mill DVD player with DTS output , this will do you just fine . Ca n't beat the price !
 I was one of those people who was going to hang on to my VHS collection of movies as long as I could , trying not to be influenced by the new DVD technology . However , I could n't put it off any longer . I first bought a cheap APEX DVD player without researching anything . With the prices of DVD 's notably higher than VHS tapes , I thought it would be smart to save any place I could . BAD mistake . Within a month , I had all I could stand with layer change pauses and total lockups with the APEX . It just ruined the enjoyment of home theatre for me . So , I went on the internet to do some research on DVD players . After many hours of reading customer reviews on the most popular brands , Toshiba was undoubtably the brand of choice , and after purchasing the SD-1700 , I was not disappointed.I wanted a good basic player that could make it through a movie smoothly without pauses , glitches , or lockups . Everything I have played through this machine has for once been a joy to watch . I did n't decide on a more expensive player because I 'm sure an HDTV is in the future , and that will be the time to upgrade to progressive scan etc. . But on my standard 52 '' bigscreen , the SD-1700 has an excellent picture utilizing the S-video connection , and offers a more movie-like look through various options , that we all enjoy.Connecting the player to my surround receiver with DD and DTS decoder , delivers digital sound that can only be surpassed by the theatre itself . The only negative thing , and it 's no biggie , is that the volume level on the 1700 is a bit lower as compared to the Apex , especially with Dolby Digital 5.1 , so I have had to up the volume on the receiver a bit , but DVD 's which offer the DTS option , still blow you away with plenty of volume and clarity.So far , I would recommend this player as an excellent , basic , entry level machine . After putting up with the APEX , the SD-1700 really shines .
 My first DVD believe it or not ! If you are looking for a good DVD with basic features at a good price this is the one . The unit was delivered in a few days and it works great .
 I am a college student without a lot of money , but I love movies , and I have wanted a DVD player for some time now . I looked around and decided to get this one , and I love it ! It is a great price and I have not had ANY problems with it so far ! It is very easy to use , and has great features ! I strongly reccommend buying this DVD player if you want a great player for a decent price !
 The DVD system is AWSOME !!!! THe graphics are radical , the movies are played just as good as a movie theater . There are a LOT of movies to choose from , and you do n't have to watch the pre-views ! This DVD system is the best thing I have bought in a loooong while .
 Best unit on the market . You will love it .
 Bought the SD-1700 in Nov. , 2001 and watched approx . 10 movies before the sound and the display panel went out . Even though the unit only has a 90 day warranty on parts and labor and 1 year on parts , Toshiba agreed to extend it to get the unit repaired . Now , that 's going the extra mile !
 This dvd player works great . Since I bought it , I hav n't had any problems with it . Futhermore , I was watching the local news , and their `` product tester '' was reviewing dvd players -LRB- cheaper ones and more expensive ones -RRB- and he ranked this one the highest . `
 I bought this DVD player for my father as a replacment for the really bad Phillips model I got him for father 's day . He has had it for about a month now and it has not skipped once . He has watched `` The Art of War '' `` Rules of engagement '' `` Hollow Man '' as well as many other movies . Overall a great player .
 I bought it in December 2001 and have had minimal problems with it in the 10 months since I got it . It works with every DVD rental I 've tried . I have seen it pause on some rentals , sometimes up to 8 seconds -LRB- usually less -RRB- , but it always recovers , and when it does happen , it 's only once per movie . I 've seen the pausing on about a quarter of the movies I 've rented . I have never seen it just freeze up and not continue though . Also , I think the pausing problem was caused by dual-layer DVDs . It never occurs on the ones that use the older format.One might think `` gee what an awful thing . It pauses during playback ?? '' It 's not a progressive scan player , which I hear is a problem if you 're viewing movies on an HDTV . I just have a regular TV.I have found it easy to use , with an intuitive set up screen , and you can adjust some settings during play.You can set up default settings like if you want it to automatically show the movie in TV -LRB- square -RRB- format , where the sides of the image get clipped off , but gives you a bigger image vertically -LRB- as happens on most VHS movies -RRB- , or letterbox format -- the movie 's typical proportions , which shrinks the image vertically , looks like a rectangle in the middle of the screen , where the image goes , and black rectangular regions on the top and bottom of the TV screen . The advantage of letterbox viewing is you get to see the * whole * image as it was originally meant to be seen.It has `` virtual surround sound '' which creates some interesting effects during playback on a modest stereo setup . I would call it more `` 3D sound '' as it creates the illusion of something happening `` right in front of you '' or `` happening off in some other room . '' Sometimes I 've found myself looking around the room because something will happen in a movie that makes it sound like it occurred `` behind me , off to the side . '' It makes me think something actually happened in the room , not in the movie . It 's a bit of a mindfake . :-RRB- In my opinion , true surround sound is more all-encompassing though , like in a good movie theater , this includes the music . With virtual surround , the music sounds like its coming from the stereo , not `` all around you . '' It helps enhance the sound effects though.It also has an `` enhance dialog '' mode that makes people 's voices sound louder . This turns off virtual surround though . I find it 's helpful sometimes since I live in an apartment . Having virtual surround on dampens the volume of people 's voices for some reason , requiring me to turn the sound up . This can make the volume too loud overall for my neighbor 's liking . So the enhance-dialog mode is nice , since it emphasizes dialog more so I do n't have to have the volume up so much.There 's a `` normal , '' 2-D audio mode as well -LRB- plain stereo -RRB- . It also has digital audio outputs which I have n't tried as I do n't have any digital decoders . These are really only worth it , in my opinion , if you want to set up a true surround sound system.One thing you will want to consider in the cost of this or any other DVD player , is an RF modulator . This player does not have an `` F-type '' -LRB- also known as `` coaxial '' -RRB- connector . It only has component video and S-video output . Component output separates the video into chroma and luma signals , and unless your TV understands this , you wo n't be able to watch anything . The modulator takes these signals , plus the component analog stereo audio signal , and converts it to RF -LRB- what your typical TV understands -RRB- with an F-type output connector . Last I checked these modulators cost about $ $ . What I do is hook up the video to the modulator and hook up my stereo to the analog stereo outputs -LRB- I do n't hook them up to the modulator -RRB- . That way I get the video on TV and the audio on the stereo . The analog outputs use standard RCA audio/video plugs . Very easy to get.The video quality is very good . The colors are vibrant and crisp . I have noticed that on many movies when a long , thin line is displayed , like a rope or wire , the image of these things look a bit `` jaggy , '' almost as though you were looking at it on a computer screen . In some cases , when looking at a tight cross-hatch pattern , you will see a moire pattern on the TV . From what I understand this is caused by the chroma/luma signals . Even though you convert the signal to RF , some characteristics of the original signal still get through and most TVs do not have combs to filter the video signal , which would otherwise smooth the image out . This is noticeable , but I do n't consider it a big minus as the effect is minor.This is my first DVD player , and at the time I bought it , many reviews said that it was a good first DVD player . I agree . It 's simple , does n't have a lot of bells and whistles , but it basically has worked with everything I 've thrown at it and plays it well.In general I 'm so happy I got a DVD player ! The movies tend to cost a bit more than their VHS counterparts , but they are worth it ! The control you have over the viewing experience is nice . Plus , most movies come with extras such as audio commentary by the film 's creators that plays during the movie -LRB- which you can turn on if you 're interested -RRB- , and they often have things like interviews with the people who made the film , deleted scenes , and other interesting extras.I give it 4 stars because of the pausing issue . I got ta admit it is irritating when it happens . Other than that , I 'm very pleased with it .
 The up side
 Purchased the SD1700 a year ago this month . No problems so far , and it has played every DVD I 've put in it . Even better , even though the manual -LRB- and many reviewers -RRB- state that this model does n't play CD-R discs , mine will play the FujiFilm CD-R 's recorded in WAV and MP-3 format . Other brands I have tried , alas , do not work . But , this is only to be expected given that it is n't supposed to play any of them . So , if you have a SD1700 give the FujiFilm CD-R 's a try!On the down side , I must also admit that this model is showing its age . Many others in the same price range -LRB- or lower -RRB- can play all , or almost all , CD types .
 I bought this for my 16 year old daughter to use with the very basic Toshiba 17 '' TV in her room , a TV used only for video games and playback -LRB- i.e. , not for commercial TV -RRB- . She got quite a few DVD 's for her birthday and wanted to be able to watch them back there.The unit has performed well . It 's a pretty basic unit , but we 're talking pretty basic set up here . Two features she 'd really enjoyed are the 4x picture zoom with 4 forward and reverse scan speeds and the multiple camera angles , subtitles , and language select -LRB- she likes foreign films -RRB- . Both features work well and are easy to use , though you do lose some side view on the picture in the zoom mode.On the whole , I feel like we got good value for the money and she 's very happy as a lark with the unit . What more can you ask ???
 This is a pretty good DVD player . It has everything you want -LRB- even comes with DTS -RRB- at a price you ca n't beat . I 'm sooo glad I bought this player . It 's easy to set up and easy to use . A great first DVD player for anyone who is thinking of getting a DVD player . I would n't use it on my HDTV , home theater , but if you just want something simple that looks great , this is the one . Have n't had any problems with it , what can I say It 's a good player . It was cool.Big Truck
 I have already played two dvd 's on this and I have to say that I have no complaints whatsoever . I recommend this dvd player to anyone buying one for the first time . With the simple wires already contained in the box , the picture and sound are superb . Monster cables may improve the quality , but I have no regrets .
 This is an excellent basic dvd player , and I have been extremely happy with my choice . I have noticed that it does hiccup a little with damaged dvds that I rent , but otherwise everthing is great ... and it has a lot of features for the price ...
 I purchased this as a second unit for home use and to take on vacations . I just set it up so I ca n't give any report on durability , just my first impressions . The picture quality is excellent . My little 13 '' TV has a very small speaker so I ca n't offer anything about sound quality.It has a very good remote , easy to use , but it controls only the DVD player and not the TV . There is a random function , favorites order and repeat options for CD playing , slo-mo , frame advance , FF , and other standard features for the TV . The on screen zoom information can be removed so you can watch the picture without having to have the zoom display remain on the screen , unlike my more expensive JVC . The remote comes with 2-AA batteries and RCA cables.The front display on the player can be dimmed or turned completely off . The player is a little wider than I expected , but otherwise it has a nice front display , and it is surprisingly light weight.It was easy to set up and use , but there is n't a cable type connection for older TVs . Radio Shack has a -LRB- not cheap -RRB- adapter , but the picture quality suffers . There are s-video and standard RCA , RCA analog audio , and component video . Although there was a warning about connecting it to a TV/VCR , it plays fine in my Memorex . The unit will not play CD-R , CD-RW , DVD-RAM , or DVD-RW just video DVD and audio CDs.For my purposes it was a good choice . I 'm satisfied with my purchase and recommend this DVD player . ---------- OK , I 've had this DVD for 5 months now . Great picture , remote is fine , easy to use , and no technical glitches with the player . I 'm a satisfied consumer :--RRB- Much easier to use than my more expensive one with progressive scan .
 I must be one of the lucky ones , it still does everything as advertised . Even if it died today , I ` m not going to whine about a $ 99 player because it did n`t last 10 years .
 I did n't want a DVD player to double as a CD player , or to hold up to 5 DVD 's ... the single tray here is fine , after all , I watch one movie at a time . I just wanted your basic DVD player with the standard features . This SD1700 by Toshiba delivers excellent picture quality -LRB- 500 lines of resolution -RRB- . Standard features like the necessary S-Video output , Dolby Digital and DTS output and various special effects ... Zoom -LRB- up to 4x -RRB- , slow motion , multi-language capability -LRB- if available on the DVD -RRB- , and 3 speeds of fast forward & reverse -LRB- 2x , 8x , 30x -RRB- . The only special effect I personally have n't been able to use is the `` multi camera angle '' ... I have about 50 DVD 's and none of them offer this multi angle . The Toshiba is a sleek black box and the remote is easy to use with the push buttons well positioned . If you 're looking for a basic unit to play your DVD 's on - this is the one . Great player for the price .
 After reading all the reviews about this DVD player and other compairably priced one 's -LRB- 130-230 -RRB- it was a toss up between this model SD1700 , the RCA RC5240P or the Panasonic RV31K . I went out to a local electonics store and compared all three on the floor and then took home the SD1700 and RV31K -LRB- picture quality on both was exceptional -RRB- and would return the loser . The toshiba played the Matrix with out a hitch , while the panasonic paused three times , test two involved DAS BOOT , even on VHS this movie has exceptional sound on an ordinary set of speakers , on DVD format the sound is awsome only if the player can properly process it and send it to your receiver . The toshiba did great for it 's price , while the panasonic sounds slightly better than tape . For the price the toshiba ca n't be beaten . I will admit that there are other players out that offer more bell 's and whistle 's , but check out their reliablity and customer reviews . I personally have played 103 dvd 's on this set and have only had one pause -LRB- the dvd was dirty -RRB- . Give this dvd a try , it was made to play dvd 's , not to be a jukebox -LRB- it does play cd 's -RRB- . It is a great intro or bedroom dvd player and you ca n't beat the price .
 I bought this player earlier this year as a Father 's Day gift for my dad . After spending a lot of time researching DVD players here and in `` Consumer Reports '' , I found that Toshiba was highly recommended as one of the most reliable , trouble-free brands on the market . I stand by that opinion 100 % . Although some people have gotten defective units , or have perhaps not cared for theirs carefully enough , this unit has been cared for properly , being kept in an entertainment system cabinet , and I 've had ZERO problems with it when I use it . I have a Sony Playstation 2 for myself , and even with the current DVD Driver version -LRB- Version 2.10 -RRB- , some of my discs cause it to choke up and it will refuse to play them . That is not the case with the Toshiba . All of my `` problem '' discs run with ZERO difficulty , and play exactly as they should . If you 're looking for a RELIABLE , quality player at a fair price , you ca n't go wrong with this Toshiba model . If you 're one of the unfortunate individuals that got a bad machine , TAKE IT BACK AND EXCHANGE IT ! You should n't be experiencing the problems you 're having , so get another one . I GUARANTEE you wo n't be disappointed if you get one that functions as it should .
 After reading many , many Amazon.com reviews we knew that a true test of a DVD player was the ability to play THE MATRIX without skipping or stopping . We initially bought a Sony DVP S300 and it kept skipping at certain parts . Returning that one , we then tried the Panasonic RV31 but it was even worse ... it refused to play ANY portion of THE MATRIX . We then bought the Toshiba SD 1700 . What a difference ! It handled THE MATRIX with no problems AT ALL . If you 're wanting to buy a great DVD player for little investment ... look no further .
 I purchased one of these DVD players 18 months ago , and recently bought a second one for use at another location . It is the undisputed best of the bunch when it comes to midrange DVD players . Picture quality is outstanding , and it performs on par with units that cost over $ 100 more . If you are looking for an economical DVD player - this is the one to have .
 I selected the Toshiba because it had a few extra features like zoom that the Panasonic brands lacked . I did n't know if zoom would be useful but I figured it was a good feature to have . Now I 'm glad the Toshiba has zoom capability . It allows me to enlarge the picture area from wide screen to full frame or near full frame on a standard 4:3 TV . Of course the picture sides get cut off but that 's not a big problem for me . Karaoke and listening to CD 's are not important to me.That said , Hannibal froze up on me badly in many places . There was one spot I could not get passed unless I directly went to a second past the freeze spot . It must have froze up 10 times while watching it . The DVD was a rental but it played fine on my PC 's DVD player.Another reason I selected the Toshiba was the 10 free rental DVD 's from Hollywood video . ... Go to toshiba 's web site and search for the offer .
 We purchased a Toshiba 1700 as our first DVD player . I spent a lot of time researching different models learning what you need and do n't need . I was well aware of the freezing up that a lot of people talk about . But even knowing that I was unprepared when it actually happened . It happened to us while watching both `` The Cell '' and `` Act of War '' . In Act of War it frozen about 4 times in one certain frame but always unfroze itself . In The Cell there was one part of a scene that we could not get past . I was able to frame past that part and then rewind up until just a hair after the point where it kept locking up . Keep in mind that these two movies were rentals . We have watched countless other movies , both rentals and movies we have purchased and not had a problem.But for the small freezing problems I would never give away my DVD player . The picture is unsurpassed by TV or VHS . -LRB- If you have a TV that is only 1 to 2 years old -RRB- . As far as sound , we have a BOSE surround sound system with a Panasonic Digital Receiver which make the movies come alive.Remember here the DVD technology is still in its infancy !!! Do n't spend all kinds of money . They will only get better !!! Do I think this is a good buy ? Definitely !!!
 It 's a shame that some people have had defective unit 's , and thus drag the rating down . I also read reviews and audioreview.com and it seems to me that a bad unit can come with even the greatest of dvd player 's . I have had this DVD player for nearly a month and have been using it probably too much . Have watched at least 50 movies on it or so already , and have used it for long hours . I have not incurred one problem with it . Extremely positive review .
 I searched for a few days on the internet and in the stores . I had no idea about Web Cams , so I did not want to spend alot of money , but still wanted to get a good camera . My intention is to send one to my father and one to my sister which live in different states . I installed it last night on Windows XP . It would not work until I went to the Phillips web site and downloaded the XP drivers -LRB- very simple to do -RRB- . After I did that , it worked great . I am still trying to find a good site which I can meet people which have Cams too . Overall I am pleased ... go ahead ... get it ! I bought 3 !
 I just bought this camera , and it worked as soon as I plugged it in the usb port . No problem !
 Well , I did n't realize 'till I had this camera a month that they had sub 'd the $ 38 camera I ordered with the PCVC690 , which costs almost three times as much . But I got ta say this camera was easy as pie to hook up to my COMPAQ running W98 and in about 3 minutes I was sending video emails to the kids . Good quality pictures without much light . The voice is n't always in sync with your lips but mostly it works OK . Great camera !
 Sure , when you only pay -LRB- price -RRB- for a camera , you should n't expect great image quality . So I 'm not gon na knock the quality , and it really is n't as bad as most people make it out to be . I run Windows XP and I just plugged this in and Windows did the rest . If you are running an earlier version the drivers will have to be loaded off the CD , but this is just a matter of putting the CD ini the drive and letting your computer do the work . It 's incredibly easy to set up , and a great value for the -LRB- price -RRB- .
 I 've had my webcam for about 6 months now and it 's been great . The problem is not with the camera , but with the terrible support on the Philips website . Just try to find a driver for this camera ... or for that matter any of their cdrw drives . I also have one of them from Philips , again a good drive , but a disk was n't supplied in the box so I went looking for drivers on their website found nothing . In the end I contacted customer support who said that the windows drivers should be fine and the disk basically was n't needed anyway !
 Easy to install ; no hitches . Good quality image . Altogether , no problems at all . Works great !
 Easy to install ; no hitches . Good quality image . Altogether , no problems at all . Works great !
 Ive used this cam for a few days now and its primary use is as a security cam for my property . Compared to a Creative WebCam II its far better in terms of resolution and fps and certainly price , infact it cost me half the price ! But I suspect there maybe better cams at the same price or perhaps alittle more around the corner .
 This is a good web cam for those on a budget . It offers good performance for the money . It was easy to install and easy to use !
 This is one of the greatest cameras ever !
 Good value for money . I plugged into my new XP machine , installed the required software and it works perfectly . Video mail option is not very effective . Inspite of several attempts , I get a very poor output . But the camera is really good and captures images at very low light . There are few add-on software that comes with the camera . Overall a good value for money , though one can expect a better results especially webcasting , and live streaming area .
 We 're using the cameras en masse to do some computer vision stuff with . For the price , they are pretty good . Especially nice are the drivers , which have a single checkbox to disable all auto-balancing stuff , which is good for our applications . Most others require a lot of work to do this . The picture quality is pretty good , important for face recognition and the like . Just ca n't wait until Philips comes out with the equivalent as a firewire camera ! Also works in linux !
 I picked one of these up on an auction site after reading reviews -LRB- all touting this as `` The best webcam out there '' -RRB- , and after owning it for a few months , I 'm convinced you ca n't find a better hardware webcam anywhere . The resolution -LRB- 640x480 -RRB- is terrific , the clarity and focus top-notch , and low-light sensitivity is among the best.My previous favorite , Vista Imaging 's `` ViCam '' was sold to 3COM -LRB- rebranded as the `` HomeConnect '' -RRB- , then quitely dropped . The ViCam/HomeConnect may be a slightly better unit , but not being available I found the ToUCam and have been delighted . This is my fifth , perhaps sixth webcam , and I 'll buy another one ; there 's really no comparison to the rest.The unit is attractive and compact , with minimal controls -LRB- one actually , a shutter button -RRB- . The supplied USB -LRB- 1.1 only -RRB- cable is slim and lengthy , and once the drivers are installed , it 's plug & play . -LRB- One niceity
 I have just installed my Philips ToUcam Pro and the picture quality is unbelieveable ! The picture is better than anything I have seen and was a much better value . The camera even gives a great picture in low light . If you are looking for a great web camera , you have to check this one out !
 I had this camera up and running on my Windows ME machine within about five minutes and it works great ! The picture is very sharp . This was the fourth USB device that I hooked into my USB hub and I have had no problems or error messages . The camera perches nicely on the top of my flat LCD monitor , although if you 're going to have it on a wider surface I can see where the back support of the camera does tend to lift up off of that surface -LRB- unless you taped it down -RRB- . Power is provided to the camera via the USB cable -LRB- my USB hub is plugged into the wall , and that might be a requirement -RRB- and the picture and sound are fed back to the computer using the same cable . The software recognized my previously installed microphone -LRB- attached to my SB Live ! card -RRB- and allows me to switch between the two to capture the sound.I can only record 60 frames per second -LRB- fps -RRB- at the default output size -LRB- 320 X 240 -RRB- if nothing moves in front of the camera and without sound . Add movement and sound with the picture and you 'll get substantially less than 60 fps and also dropped frames . With the clear picture and sound being transmitted from the camera I 'm sure that it takes a lot of a computer 's resources to record it all . I 'm running mine on a Pentium III 933 MHz chip with 512 MB worth of RAM and it 's doing an adequate job of keeping up with the data coming from the camera . The frames per second and the resolution can be adjusted downward as required . I think that the problems people report with this device involve having it hooked up to a machine that 's too slow for the camera settings.The camera takes megapixel snapshots -LRB- by saying `` CHEESE '' -RRB- through any TWAIN compliant software -LRB- Ulead Photo Express 2.0 SE software included with device -RRB- and will record them in whatever format the program can record . The camera records video in the AVI format only and you 'll need to use the Windows player to view your recorded AVI file and your own editing software -LRB- it does come with VideoLinK Mail which records low quality video suitable to use as e-mail attachments -RRB- . Sound is recorded in the PCM format . It also has SpotLife software bundled with the camera that allows you to instantly start transmitting streaming video into Cyberspace courtesy of a server provided free by SpotLife.All in all you ca n't beat this camera for ... -LRB- theprice -RRB- .
 WARNING ! BEWARE ! You order a Philips PCVC740K ToUcam Pro webcamfrom Circuit City through Amazon.com , and Circuit City gives youa Philips PCVC720K TouCam XS . This is a different camera , different processor , different characteristics , and most importantly , NOT linux compatible.I 'm still looking for the TouCam Pro for the advertised price.BE CAREFUL - the sales people at Circuit City do n't make the distinction between the 740k and the 720k . However ! If you actually get a ToUCam Pro , you 'll find it to bevery nice - doing very clear , fast downloads of 640x480 imagesunder linux using the pwc and pwcx drivers . Oh . It also works under Windows . : -RRB-
 This is my first experience using a webcam . After reading many reviews , decided to purchase the Philips ToUcam PCVC740K.As a digital photographer , one of the elements I was most interested in was image clarity.Am pleased to say this webcam gives good image clarity , as well as good color rendition for a webcam in its price range.Image capture set at the highest resolution -LRB- 1280x960 -RRB- produces an acceptable 4x6 print -LRB- with a little photo editing -RRB- . Friends could not believe the sharpness and clarity of a photo I printed from this webcam!Videos emailed from this cam are also sharp & clear.No problems with lighting conditions . Seems like the cam seeks out all available light!Hard to purchase this model in local stores . Had to order over the internet.Highly recommended to family and friends .
 I just got this camera and was able to set it up with my Mac Powerbook G3 without any hassles . The Mac software it comes bundled with -LRB- Oculus -RRB- is easy-to-use and has many great options -- I was able to start publishing pictures to my web site in a matter of minutes.It 's also worth noting that third-party developers have created Linux drivers for this hardware , something which factored into my purchase since I also plan on using this camera directly with my web server running Linux .
 The Philips PCVC740K ToUcam Pro Internet WebCam gives great net webcam quality , sharp pix even in low light , focus is easy . The bundled software is not very good , but I use Adobe for still capture and windows movie maker for video capture . Easy installation . USB is great . Handy , stable , secure , FUN ! Ya ca n't go wrong at this price .
 No other Webcam I have tried out in the stores has been so easy to set up as this one , it 's the only webcam that can deliver you 60 fps and one of the few that can give you megapixel still-pictures . I bought it for 6 months ago and it 's working like a clockwork ever since .
 By far the best price / quality . I tried the Logitech Quickcam , and the quality did not even came close to the Philips Toucam Pro ! . Compression software compresses the images -LRB- or video -RRB- with an exellent quality . and keeps the files very small . 5 stars *****
 It 's amazing to see the good quality live images this little egg produces . You can adjust brightness , gamma , and other camera setting manually but it gives best images if you set to full auto . Even in a very low light - just lights from the monitor - this webcam adjust images and give quite impressive live images.Software comes with the box has problem with snapshot . The problem goes away when I upgrated the driver from their website . I am not very crazy about the software except the games . The games software tracks your body 's movement and let you play volleyballs , boxing ... Snapshot images are grainy but I should n't expect anything better from a webcam . The 720 and 740 look identical but they are quite different in performance .
 This is the third webcam I 've installed so far and it 's the one I 'm most pleased with . While the price is mid-range , the performance is excellent -LRB- speed , clarity of picture -RRB- . The installation is so easy , even my grandmother could do it.It also looks real cute , when you hang it to the laptop screen ; like a little creature peeking over the edge .
 I ordered the Linksys WUSB11 Wireless-B Adapter from Deal Barn to replace one that had been broken . I was amazed at how fast the transaction and shipping took place . From the time I placed the order to the time I installed the part was less than a week . Adapter is very easy to install . Just follow the simple instructions provided in the box . Thank you Deal Barn for the excellent service and Thank you Amazon for the quick shipping and expediting of the product .
 This adaptor was very easy to install . My computer was upand running with this unit in less than ten minutes
 Fast service and no problems with product . This is an older version , Wireless-B , but I wanted to match it with one on another computer I already had been using . It was a cinch to set up and works fine .
 Not a Review.For sellers
 I use this to accommodate my TIVO through my network on my PC and it 's worked great with no problems !
 I have recently purchased and used this product and have not had any problems with it . It works great like all other products from linksys that I have purchased . I highly recommend this product .
 I had some trouble setting this up with my computer , so I called the phone number on the box . They told me they could not help me because the one-year warranty had expired , a few days after I bought it . I got it to work eventually and it has been working fine since . And I did get it for a good price , so it was worth it .
 I bought a Dell Inspiron 1520 laptop on July , and also bought this item to increase the range of connection of my portable pc . The laptop cames with V-Vista Home Premium edition and works so fine.Im happy w / what i bought . i 'm gon na buy another onw to my girlfriend
 Title says it all . plugged into new Vaio desktop , Windows XP Home . Loaded driver . And it worked . An easy way to wireless , if you have free USB port ...
 This is a small gem . It works better than the Ornioco PCMCIA card , quite a bit more signal . I used the velcro to attach it to the back of the LCD on my laptop and it brings a marginal signal on the Orinoco to full signal with the WUSB11 . Install was flawless , configuration was fairly easy . The only flaw I have found is the slide on bracket . It held firmly for a few days then the small -LRB- read that SMALL -RRB- tabs that appear to be the only thing to keep unit engaged would not hold tight . I dumped the slider and just went for the velcro to the body of the unit . The WUSB11 also shares duty on a desktop system , I just used velcro to attach it to a letter tray next to the monitor . Good signal from opposite sides of the house from the AP . I will be ordering another one soon !
 I put a new computer onto my wireless 3 computer network using a Sieman 's USB wireless adapter -- and suddenly the router was crashing at odd intervals . As a professional sf/f writer with new books coming out on a tight schedule , I found this to be more than merely annoying.I replaced the Sieman 's adapter with this Linksys one . I already had this Linksys USB adapter on one computer . With two computers using this Linksys adapter , and a notebook using a Linksys wireless card , with an SMC router , I no longer have intermittent network crashes . Oh , and it 's true , this Linksys adapter has a better range . I now get `` excellent '' signal strength steadily where before the usual signal was `` good '' at the most.Both computers are running Win XP Prof on Dell Pentium 4 machines , and the notebook is a Compaq Armada . I did not have to do any tricky configuring . They just work .
 THIS IS A GOOD PRODUCT BUT YOU NEED TWO OR MORE FOR IT TO WORK . THEY SHOULD MAKE A PACKAGE DEAL LIKE FOR 4 OR MORE SO YOU CAN CONNECT TO MORE THEN ONE COMPUTER .
 This adapter is smaller that I thought it would be . I am using it for my Tivo DVR and it seems to be working fine.I had some trouble with the initial setup , as Tivo -LRB- and my Win XP laptop -RRB- refused to recognize the device at first . But -LRB- and I know this sounds crazy -RRB- when I * reversed the included USB cable * everything worked like a charm . I know this sounds crazy , but what can I say.With a ten dollar rebate , this is a good value for the price .
 This adapter works very well , after a very simple installation process . -LRB- I am running Win2K . Results might be different for other operating systems . -RRB- I really like the software monitor that comes with this item , which allows you to visually locate and select the access point . Nices adapter , painless setup .
 I had this adapter installed in about 10-15 minutes and after testing for speed on the net , found it just a tinch slower than my wired connection downstairs . I pull in about 1.6 mbts downstairs -LRB- wired to wireless router -RRB- and I 'm pulling in about 1.4 mbts upstairs -LRB- distance about 80 feet -RRB- . I recommend it highly .
 The Linksys WUSB11 is a singularly unassuming-looking device , but it actually works very well . Since it is not a USB 2.0 device , even if you get an 11Mbps connection - unlikely if you have even one wall between you and the AP , even a Linksys AP like the WAP11 - you will not be able to fully exploit that connection . On significantly older systems , like my K6/2 300MHz test system , the connection is quite slow , as the machine just ca n't quite keep up with the load from the USB controller.On my Windows 98 and XP systems the device worked quite well , but I had only limited success with the device under linux . The primary driver does not play well with SMP , so those users with SMP turned on in the kernel for whatever reason will not be able to use it . The alternate driver does not support most of the extended status information , and as such is not able to roam well between APs .
 I have a home network and a Sony SVR-3000 series 2 TiVo so I purchased a WUSB11 in order to put the TiVo on the home network and disconnect it from the phone line.TiVo recommends the WUSB11 v2 .6 specifically . Amazon 's description did not actually say if this was the version shipping but I did receive the correct version with my order.The unit is very compact and I was able to set it back inside a solid oak AV cabinet with glass doors without any serious loss of signal quality . The WUSB11 draws all its power from the USB connection so I did not have to run a power cable into the cabinet for it.Thanks for putting the WUSB11 in my Gold Box offers , Amazon .
 When the cable guy finished installation of my cable Internet , and left me with a six foot network cable , I was more than happy that I was surfing a blinding speeds . The one catch however was that the only cable outlet in my house was in a small nook , behind the TV , in my living room on the first floor of my house . I knew I had to go wireless.I 've never set up a network before , so needless to say I was nervous even ordering the parts . And I 've always been weary of USB as well , so that just added to the stress . But when it finally came , I hooked it up , installed the software on my PC , and had it configured and running in less than five minutes.I love the little icon in my system tray that let 's me know how well the connection is going . And I can open it up to get exact statistics for both signal strength , and signal quality -LRB- as well as much more -RRB- . I have multiple PC 's in my office , and I use a switch so I only have to worry about one monitor , one mouse , and one keyboard . The switch has USB ports on it , so I can use this one device for two of my three computers.The one computer I ca n't use it for , and this is what really gets me , is my G3 . Who 's had USB for years before it was popular ? Apple . Who do they make software for ? Only Windows . Big let down here guys.I do n't know too much about the technology being used so I can hardly rate the devices functioning itself , but if you 're a novice like me looking for a quick way to go wireless , this device makes it a snap .
 Gets better reception than my former Netgear MA111 USB adaptor for both TIVO and Windows XP Home edition computer . Painless to setup .
 This network adapter wonderfully works with XP . It gives very steady , strong signals . From many perspective , it is better than many 11g models . I would give it a five star . One thing to mention though , this item has several different versions . Ver 4 being the current version does not work with TIVO . Contact vendor before making a purchase if you want it for your TIVO setup .
 If you have a Series 2 TIVO and you want to hook it up to your home network , this is what you want to buy . Just make sure you have downloaded all the updates for your TIVO or it wo n't work .
 I bought this to use with my Win98SE computer . When I decided to upgrade to XP I was worried that it would n't work because Linksys has no XP driver -LRB- yet -RRB- . Not to worry . Setup was smooth -LRB- even though the directions are not helpful for XP or even 2000 or NT -RRB- and I now regularly connect at 11mbs over a distance of about 125 feet . Internet speeds are excellent -LRB- I broadcast from a Linksys BEFW11S4 wireless router/firewall -RRB- and file transfers are very good . Also nice to be able to print from either of the printers connected to the computers.If you are in a position where running wires is just not feasible or too complicated , this USB device is a very good alternative .
 This tiny -LRB- the picture makes it look much larger than it really is -RRB- device was probably the simplest add-on I 've ever plugged into my computer . Windows XP immeadiately recognized the device and loaded the driver . I entered the WEP code , the network name , and that was it . The computer that this device serves is in the kitchen , and is surrounded by appliances . The wireless router is about 75 feet away on the same floor . The connection speed is almost always at 11mbs and the connection quality is always `` very good . '' I can not stress enough how simple setup was for this device !
 My setup : * BEFW11S4 -LRB- router -RRB- connected to Road Runner cable modem * WPC11 -LRB- PCMIA card -RRB- connected to a Dell Inspiron Laptop 1Ghz 512 meg ram * WUSB11 -LRB- USB wireless network adapter -RRB- connected to a generic desktop with a 1Ghz AMD Athlon/256 meg ram.As many other reviews will attest , this product simply worked out of the box -LRB- well , pretty much -RRB- . I did have one problem . I was trying to use Windows 2000 Advanced Server and I could not get an IP address from the router ... however , the communication between this device and the BEFW11S4 was getting 90 % signal quality at 11Mbps . When I tried ` ipconfig ' it reported my IP as 0.0.0.0 . So I called Linksys at 11:00 PM Saturday night and waited for probably 40 minutes before I got a tech . The FIRST thing I told her was I was using W2K Advanced Server and asked if that would be a problem . She glossed over that fact and went into uninstalling/re-installing the drivers ... unfortunately it was n't such a clean re-install -LRB- I had device conflicts that were not there previously -RRB- . She decided that the CD did n't include the proper drivers so she was going to e-mail them to me within 30 mins . Well I never got them so I went on the website and downloaded it myself , ran it , same problem . BTW , when I would run ` ipconfig / renew ' I would get `` internal error ... disconnect the network interface or reboot '' . After re-installing from the downloaded drivers and rebooting I got the blue-screen-of-death and had to power off the computer ... but this device never stopped communicating with the router -LRB- I just never got an IP address from it -RRB- . Finally I installed Windows 2000 Professional and it DID work perfectly out of the box , first try.Bottom Line
 It 's not the product 's fault . I have another one that seems to work fine . But I did n't find out until I bought it that it 's incompatible with Vista , so I could n't use it on my new computer . A friend was happy to take it off my hands . My advice
 I purchased this item to be used with an older computer loaded with the Me oprating system . I installed it and got a connection to the internet , but the computer kept freezing up and rebooting . I installed it on my newer computer with XP . It worked fine . Linksys technical support was excellent.The Me operating system is not very good when it comes to installing USB devices .
 While I normally do n't have too many good words to say about all the flaky hardware out there , this little purple box is an exception . I had it working with my linksys router in under 5 minutes -LRB- under XP -RRB- , and working in Linux in under 1 hour . -LRB- I have version 2.5 -RRB- Atmel has opensourced their linux driver so getting these to work in the future under linux should not be problemWhile I agree with a prior poster , USB 1.1 is not a great solution to choose for networking in terms of performance , this product is a great choice if you want a quick and flexible solution -LRB- works in both laptops and desktops -RRB- and throughput is n't too important to you .
 This is to all the doubting ppl out there . I ordered 2 of these little wonders and hooked one up to a machine running XP and the other to a 98 machine . The XP box is 2 floors below my router , also a linksys -LRB- befw11s4 , another great product ! -RRB- , and the signal stregth is GREAT !!! My walls are sheet rock covered with plaster and my basement is all concrete ! No signal loss at all ! I installed these little beauts and in less than five mins I had my wireless network in place ! Ca n't wait for my wireless pcima card for my laptop ! Then I 'll have a NT machine on my network too ! Thanks linksys for a great product ! Also , had no trouble with getting ip addy 's either . My advice , RTFM first , then you should have no problems . BTW , I got the 2.6 version . Router is V2 .
 If only the rest of the software/hardware industry adobting this easy installation and useability . I bought two of these to work with my wireless router and was up in no time . Now with WinVNC installed I 'm able to exchange files between both computers and surf the net at blazing speeds .
 I was a little skeptical going into this purchase because all of my systems run XP and I 've read negative reviews about this Network Adapter running under XP . I followed the manufactures recommendation and DID NOT use the driver that shipped with the product , opting instead to let XP automatically detect it . After fine tuning the encryption settings the card has ran flawlessy for about 4 weeks now . My access point is about 45 feet away and I 'm still getting 100 % signal strength . One thing to note though is that with encryption tuned up to 64 bits , my actual through put is around 3.5 mb/sec . Plenty for surfing the net and occasional file access .
 In general This is a good product . It works almost instantly after I pluged it into a Windows 2000-based system . FYI , the router in the network is SMC7004AWBR.However , on a Windows ME-based PC , it did not work the first time . I kept verifying all my settings , but I did n't see anything wrong . Finally , I downloaded the latest firmware and driver update from Linksys website , and it works fine since then!I am very happy that I have setup a home network with 3 computers sharing the super-fast cable modem connection .
 We used this USB-WiFi adapter for a TiVo we received for Christmas 2005 . It connects the DVR to a preexisting household 802.11 b wireless network , supported by a D-Link base station one floor up and about sixty feet away laterally . Everything works fine . Setup was straight-forward . Since the Linksys unit only supports 128 bit WEP encryption , we had to drop back from the 256 bit WEP encryption we had previously been using . In our suburban location , surrounded by totally unprotected home WiFi networks , and not having any big secrets to hide , this encryption compromise did n't seem material .
 Installation took less than 2 minutes , and it worked perfectly without any help on my part other than plugging in the USB and loading the driver . Received signal powerfully . Perfect execution .
 I got this for one reason , to eliminate the Telephone cable to my Tivo . After plugging this in and doing a little setup and testing on the Tivo , I was up and running and disconnecting the 100 foot telephone cord ! Yay !
 This worked very well with my Series2 Tivo . Just remmeber that you have to update your Tivo software first -LRB- over dialup , whick took 90 minutes -RRB- to 5.1 b BEFORE the Tivo will recognize the adapter .
 It took longer to get this baby outta the box than it took to install ... . well , almost . It could NOT have been easier.I was up and running in 5 minutes.Prior to installing it , I called the Linksys help line because I have Windows98 and the technical specs indicate that Windows98SE is required . Those guys answered on the 2nd ring . Again . . incredible.This is one good piece of hardware .
 Great , now I do n't need a 25 foot COX cable to hook up my internet . Best of all eveything is now in a network , desktop , printer , laptop . Easy set up as long as you read directions . Mine was a little tricky because my laptop is old and is a Windows 98SE system , so had to make a setup disk , but not a problem . I bought Linksey WUSB11 -LRB- desktop -RRB- , WRT54G -LRB- Modem -RRB- , WPC11 -LRB- laptop -RRB- .
 Very easy to set up . Using this unit on the 2nd floor of my home with a wireless router on the 1st floor . Performance has been good .
 A great cheap and easy way to get and stay connected to your home network and the web .
 This device was simple to hookup and worked flawlessly ever since.Delivery was on time and had no problem .
 Great product . Older model that matched my linksys router when I added a desktop to my network . Works great !
 Before purchasing this product , I bought the newer model from Staples , which was said to accept more wireless frequencies -LRB- B+G -RRB- and have faster speeds . While this may have been true in an ideal setting , my computer is on a different floor than my router , and I could not pick up a signal . However , when I plugged my old WUSB11 Wireless B-Adapter in , the signal was excellent . For some reason , this product is much better at receiving the B frequency than its newer counterpart , which I immediately returned.I now have three of these , and I would recommend them to anyone who has trouble getting wireless signals in a certain room -LRB- as long as you have the correct router to match -RRB- . You should also be prepared to accept the 11.0 Mbps speed ... slower than we might like , but far far far above dial-up .
 Excellent product . I have used linksys wireless products to create wireless networks for my parents , my inlaws , as well as my own home - all different high speed internet providers . Each installation has taken less than 5 minutes - by following their step by step quick guide installation leaflet.Very good , consistent signal strength - even through concrete walls .
 Linksys Wirelss b USB devices connect easily and work well . The wireless B technology is starting to be replaced by wirelss G , but the B works with the new routers as long as you reconfigure it to associate with B devices .
 This adapter is fantastic . It converts your desktop computer to wireless without even opening the computer . It attaches to a USB port . It was a little flakey getting the software to work during installation . After it worked it was reliable , and dependable . I have used these on three wireless networks . Just add a linksys wireless router to the output of the cable modem box and you have an instant network on your house with no wires . I 've set up three family member 's houses with these . Have n't gotten a single complaint about them .
 I have bought two of these - one for my sister and one for myself . The USB adapter had troubles from the very first day I installed it on my sister 's computer . It drops the connection every few minutes and has a lot of trouble finding networks . I got it to work well for a few months , but it 's been a big fart the last few months again . The one I installed on my own computer works like a charm . I never drops out and gets very strong signals . The speeds are just as fast as if it were wired . I even play FPS games using it and the pings are great . From my experiences , the USB adapter is fairly good , but has given me some headaches.FYI . The router at my place and my sister 's place is the exact same -LRB- Netgear MR814 -RRB- , so that 's not the problem .
 This product is very simple to install since it is USB . Once installed , the product works very nicely and seems to get very good reception . Great for people who do n't want to install a wireless card in their computer , want to be able to easily transport the wirless adapter or use it on multiple computers , or who want to use if on a laptop .
 I did a lot of research of wireless adapters before going in for a wireless network at home ... I have a linksys router and this wireless adapter . . The signal strength is always very good and I could never see the difference in the speed between my computers and my roommate 's computer which is directly connected to the router ... The only thing about the setup is that you need to make sure you set the encryption rate to be the same in all the computers on the network as well as use the same pass phrase ... but the setup instructions explain everything in detail ... The support is very good too , they stay with you and help you fix up any problems you might face ... It looks really great and is really small ... I keep moving the adapter from my laptop to my desktop and I find this to be really very useful !
 I bought this to work with the BEFW11S4 Wireless Access Point & DSL Router . I just plug it in and installed the software and it was ready to go .
 Does what is says and reception is great . Less than 2 minutes configuration time to connect to the Linksys WAP \ Router and get working .
 Bought two ; one works great , one has to be returned because it is defective -LRB- according to Linksys Tech support -RRB-
 I 've been skimming thru all the reviews and I really have n't seen anyone point out the obvious . Do you just want free , fast wireless internet access because you do n't have internet access of your own -LRB- i.e. no DSL , cable , 56k modem , etc. -RRB- Or do you just want to build a home , wireless network and do things such as share your home 's internet connection throughout the house ? Both are possible with this device , but in the latter case , you need an additional device -LRB- the router or base station -RRB- . If you want to take advantage of free , wireless internet access , then this device is all you need -LRB- or one similarly priced -RRB- . This is a Wi-Fi device -LRB- like an antenna -RRB- that brings down signals in the air being generated by routers out there -LRB- more or less 1500 feet away -RRB- . of course , you either need to be in a heavily populated area -LRB- like a beach or city like New York -RRB- to get freely available connections . If you live in a less remote area , then you can still use it at `` Starbucks '' or other commercial businesses that are `` with it '' . This device is so small you can use it on a laptop or desktop , via a USB cable.The other thing is , free wireless internet access is common these days . All you need is a device like this . The bandwidth I am getting is a range from 200kbps to 600kbps -LRB- out of 11MBps -RRB- . That is about 10 to 20 times faster than a dialup modem . Very nice.If you are unsure whether or not this device will work for you , buy it , install it , and the device will automatically search out wireless network connections and display them for you to connect to . If there are n't any , then return it . Some tips on getting the most out of your reception
 I recieve the product as said on the web and shipment was quick . Thanks
 I love these items I bought 2 of them and if I had to buy another it will be from Amazon.com . Because they were cheaper than any other place that I went.ThanksLove the item
 We just got this a few months ago , and it works perfect ! I 've been happy with it , and have had no problems with it . The router is on the second floor , and this adapter is 3 floors below in the basement , and we have never had a reception problem at all . I recomend it to anyone I see talking about networking their computers .
 We still use this type adapter on some devices and have never had a problem .
 i have a older computerand thought the item wusb 11 would work.and it is working as good with my older notebook i cant even tell the difference between it and my brand new notebook.very good item .
 Due to the fact this device has a different chipset , it wo n't work withTiVo ... TiVo 's website is partly to blame as well , not indicating theprecise `` version '' of the device
 I bought this adapter so that my Tivo did n't have to use the phone line to update its schedule , and it has n't given me any problems . I 've also used it on my computer from time to time , and it works great there as well . Easy set up , very reliable .
 A while back , I bought a TiVo and needed a USB network device to access my network . So I went to TiVo 's website and found that this adapter works with TiVo , so I bought it and followed the directions I 'd found on how to make it work . It worked like a charm . Since it 's been up and running , I 've had just about zero problems with it.Eventually , my wife and I moved . When we did , I needed to drape the coax cable across the apartment to where the office is set up , and it looked really bad . If I left the cable modem and Linksys router on the other side of the room , the laptops could still connect wirelessly , but the Dell PC would be out of luck , since it did n't have a wireless adapter . So I bought another of these adapters , and it works like a champ.So now I have two of these network adapters in my apartment , and each one does a fantastic job of providing me with internet access , one on TiVo , one on a desktop PC running WinXP . Basically , follow instructions and you should be fine . And if you let the first two reviews sway your decision , remember that at least the first one was written in 2003 , so you 'll probably buy a better device now . I know mine is fine .
 I steal people 's WIFI . I do . I admit it . There are about 3 or 4 unsecured connections within my range . I 've tried numerous methods of harnessing these signals . I used a Belkin Wireless G USB adapter . Satisfied for awhile . The connections were 50/50 at best . Also tried a no-name USB adapter which did okay for awhile . Again , the connections were very iffy at best . Connections would drop . Uneven speeds . Picked this up -LRB- v4 -RRB- on Ebay for like $ 18.00 . And it has worked well beyond my expectations . I would usually receive a NO SIGNAL to VERY LOW on my connections . These same access points now range from LOW to VERY GOOD respectively . At least a 20 % boost from previous efforts . Very satisfied . i did n't bother with the utility . Tried to install it , would n't work on XP . I 've read that it can be installed by copying files and blah , blah , blah . To be honest the Windows Utility works just fine . Clean and direct . Connection name , strength , secure/unsecure . What more do you need ? Strongly advise everyone who `` gathers '' WIFI signals to pick this up .
 Short and Simple . At less than $ 17 this adapter works excellent . A wireless card would have cost us $ 45 for my daughters older PC which she may upgrade soon . We pluged the Linksys WUSB11 in to an available USB port , installed the software from the included CD -LRB- we 're running XP -RRB- and we were instantly on-line via the wireless signal . That simple . The PC is about 50 ' from the router.Use with virtually any USB equiped PC or Laptop that does n't have an internal wireless network card . REMEMBER
 The adapter works great , and is the one that I needed . I got it within a few days !
 Just received this Linksys wireless USB from 3BTech yesterday . Brand new in retail box . It took me total 3 minutes to set it up with my D-link router . Performed better than the 11a/b/g build-in card came with my Toshiba laptop . I checked after I see other guys ' review , it is a version 4 , but I do not have a tivo either , big deal . One thing to mention , handsup for 3B . they responded my question quickly and it only took two days for me to receive the package . I dont shop amazon often , but I am difinitely coming back for it .
 I gave it 4 stars because of the 11 Mbs top speed , but I knew this going in . It works fine for what I am currently doing . It was easy to setup and has worked flawlessly . It should really be 5 stars .
 Alright people , I 'm not affiliated with Linksys , there are kids out there that have more answers than the Linksys technical support . But I did get this WUSB11 to work with XP automatically , even with my access point 's SSID being disabled . So whoever is saying that it does n't work with XP ... at least try this out . It works , I 've done it , I 'm running WinXP , the WUSB11 sees and connects to my non-SSID-broadcasing access point automatically at every cold boot and restart . Who knows , maybe this will make you XP users wan na buy this product . -LRB- It does have better range than the Netgear MA101 . -RRB- First of all , install the WUSB11 like linksys says . Make sure your WUSB11 works first . Turn on your AP 's SSID broadcasting , turn off WEP , just to see if everything is working fine . Return the POS if its DOA . If it does work , turn your AP 's security back on , obviously.I 'm sure you know about WinXP 's Wireless Zero Configuration service/utility , and how its the heart of the WUSB11 's compatibility problem . Quite simply , if your AP is not broadcasting an SSID , WinXP will have a fitz about not seeing you non-SSID-broadcasting AP , unless you refresh a couple of times . Refreshing is a pain in the neck , and is n't inherently obvious to someone like your non-techie parents.So why not disable WZC ? Click Start > Control Panel > Administrative Tools > Services > Wireless Zero Configuration , then change the Startup type to `` disabled '' . Restart the computer . `` BLAH BLAH BLAH , I 've done that , it does n't work , you 're a nut , BLAH BLAH BLAH . '' Now take the standpoint of installing this thing from a Windows 2000 perspective . `` Hmm ... I guess I have to somehow install the linksys utility that is included in the setup CD that came with my WUSB11 , that usually lets Windows 2000 users connect to an AP . But it does n't work ! I click on it , and the CD does n't even autorun ! What 's the deal ? `` This is what I did . Pop the WUSB11 CD into your CD drive , and explore it . For some reason , the setup.exe in the root folder of the CD wo n't run under XP , probably to avoid incompatibilities . Right click on the CD-ROM drive icon , and click `` explore '' . Then navigate to the `` Utilities '' folder , and double-click on Setup.exe . This will install the Linksys Instant Wireless LAN Monitor . It will not alert you when the install is complete , but you should see it in your program files list when it is done.Next , copy all the files except setup.exe from the D : \ Utilies folder , into your C : \ Program Files \ WUSB11 WLAN Monitor folder . Copy the WLAN.in file from the CD 's root folder into your C : \ Program Files \ WUSB11 WLAN Monitor folder . The Setup.exe did n't install everything you needed , so you have to put these files in manually , hence the copy and paste.Next , set a shorcut of the Instant Wireless LAN monitor to your Startup folder in program files , so that the Instant Wireless LAN monitor starts up automatically when you boot up.Restart for good measure.When your computer boots up again , open the Instant Wireless LAN monitor , and you should be able to access a tab labeled `` Profiles '' . That was the whole point of this mess . That profiles tab allows you to configure which SSID to connect to , WEP settings , etc. . Enter all your AP 's settings . Reboot for good measure?Your WinXP machine should now use the Instant Wireless LAN monitor to automatically connect to your WAP at every boot.If I missed something and it did n't , hopefully you get the jist of what I 'm trying to do . Disable XP 's WZC service , and use a 3rd party utility to connect to your WAP . In my case , I used the included Linksys utility , and it worked with some minor tweeking.All in all , when I got everything working , the WUSB11 works fine . You will most likely lose throughput due to WEP constraints , thats just the nature of wireless . This wireless USB adapter is cheap compared to Orinoco 's card -LRB- $ 100 + -RRB- , and performs better than Netgear 's MA101 . You just got ta know how to configure it .
 I purchased this to work with the BEFW11S4 Wireless Access Point & Cable/DSL Router w/4 Port Switch . It was very easy to install . Simply plug in this usb device , install the included software , type in the necessary info in the config window , and you 're set ! I gave it only 4 stars instead of 5 because I was not able to get the full 11mbps speed . I got at the most 3.5 mpbs speed , and that 's when I was only directly upstairs , approximately 20 feet away . Actually I 'm not sure if the result was because of this , or the access point . But it does advertise 11mbps at 100ft indoors . I do n't transfer files back and forth much between my desktop and server , so it 's not too big of a deal . A plus is that there is no latency when I 'm on the wireless network .
 This is a great wireless USB adapter at a great price however it is the version 4 which is not as good as the previous version . The changes make little -LRB- or no -RRB- difference to PC users running Windows , but for those running Linux , or someone that wants to hook it up to their Tivo you will be disapointed to learn that it dose n't work . Previous version of the Linksys WUSB111 did work with these system , buyt not Ver . 4 .
 Ever see a movie where everything works just like it should ? No rebooting when the hero tried to go online with the alien motherships 's mainframe ? Just connected right away ... Well , here 's a device that works just like that . I received this Wireless adapter , along with a Linksys BEFW11S4 Router -LRB- See my review and setup for that item -RRB- for Christmas . While I may have some issues setting up the router , this Wireless adapter worked right out of the box.I installed the software , plugged it into my daughter 's computer in the kitchen and , Boom , it found the wireless router upstairs in my office . I set up Internet Explorer to use the LAN and she was up and surfing in no time . She is getting about 5mbps in the kitchen when connected to the router upstairs and across the house.I 've got to say this was a great gift , and easy to set up .
 This wireless ethernet transceiver can be very helpful in setting up a network not only because it 's extremely easy to install -LRB- USB plug and play -RRB- but because it 's the cheapest 802.11 transceiver I 've found . It does , however , have a serious drawback ... the internal antenna which has a limited range compared to every other 802.11 device I have tested , including PC cards . Even with `` line-of-sight '' to an Access Point only 100 feet away , the signal strength ranges from good to weak , occassionally dipping down to 2 Mbps . This is , of course , with other 802.11 devices operating in the same building even though they 're designed to work with each other in proximity.There is one real nice feature in the configuration software ... just double click on the icon on your task bar and you can pull up a `` Site Survey '' of all available access points with their respective name , ESSID , channel # , MAC address , and signal strength . This feature alone well justifies the cost because it acts as a conservative diagnostic tool when setting up an 802.11 network.P.S . It 's self-powered via USB and you may want to invest in a USB extension cable to allow placement of this device in a better location .
 I am using this with Windows XP and a Linksys wireless router . The adapter works great , as long as you connect it properly . What Linksys does n't tell you is that you have to push the USB cable into the adapter until it CLICKS . If you do n't hear a click , the computer will not recognize it . Calling Linksys tech support wo n't resolve this problem either . They 'll tell you it 's dead and to send it back . But trust me , just push until it clicks .
 Works flawlessly . I had a minor challenge to overcome in my set-up -LRB- see below -RRB- , but once I figured it out , everything works superbly . A very nice feature is the ability of the WUSB11 to search for all broadcasting stations in its area . Here 's my set-up and my lesson learned , using 2 WUSB11 and a BEFW11S4 Linksys Cable / DSL Router w/4-Port Switch.I have a cable modem and my main computer -LRB- a Dell laptop with Windows 2000 Professional -RRB- hooks to the router via hardwired ethernet . That part was up and running in minutes , just using the defaults . Web-page set-up is very practical.My 2 other computers -LRB- both less than 20ft away in 2 bedrooms above the office where the router sits -RRB- are desktops with Windows 98 SE and were successfully connected using the WUSB11 wireless network adapter . The only problem I encountered there in the set-up was due to the fact that these computer also had a NIC network card in them -LRB- unused -RRB- and during set-up it defaulted to imposing a static IP address . Linksys tech . support did n't figure the problem out , although I was lucky to be connected to them only within 15 minutes and the trouble-shooter was fairly knowledgeable . I found the problem myself the next day after a good night sleep . Not a typical problem and was readily resolved . If you have the same issue , make sure you check the settings for TCP/IP of your interface card to ensure that it has the settings you want -LRB- in my case it had to be `` obtain IP automatically '' -RRB- . Even though it 's not part of the network I use -LRB- since I use the USB adaptor -RRB- , it seems to cause conflicts if not set-up properly.I ca n't complain about the wireless range , but my needs are very modest since all three systems are less than 20ft from one another . I routinely get the 11 Mbps with 100 % quality and between 80 % and 100 % signal strength .
 If you are looking for an excellent usb adapter for wifi hotspots , the Linksys WUSB11 maybe just what you are looking for.Versions 2.8 -LRB- do n't know about 2.6 -RRB- to 4.0 are rated at 62 mw transmit power . This extra power will allow you to connect to more distant hotspots than the lower power -LRB- 31 mw -RRB- units.Although you only using 802.11 b which tops out at 11Mb vs the 802.11 g 's 54Mb , you must consider that the dsl and cable modems supply only 256K-5Mps of bandwith . So the extra speed of the 802.11 g does n't buy you anything for internet browsing . Also the 802.11 g 's speed drops dramatically with distance so that the 802.11 b adapters like the WUSB11 may actually give you faster performance on long distances.If you are looking for an adapter to use with Tivo2 then do n't get a version 4 , versions 2.5 and 2.8 seem the best for tivo2.Why did I rate it 4 instead of 5 stars ? I use linux alot and the newer versions of WUSb11 -LRB- v4 and v3 -RRB- do n't seem to have linux drivers yet -LRB- ndis wrappers are not working for me with v4 -RRB- . This situation will most likely be resolved when new drivers are written , as is always the case with linux .
 I tried to use a Dlink PCI card -LRB- DWL-510 -RRB- to connect my desktop to my wireless access point and it was garbage ! I have 10 years of IT background working with windows and UNIX servers and after two weeks no dice . So I retuned it and bought this . Wow ! Setup was a breeze and reliability is amazing . I never drop signal and have a 4-5 bar signal two stories away from the touch point . I even got it to use windows wireless networking with 128bit WEP encryption . I wish I would have spent the money and not tried to cheap out on my first try . I this case I definitely got what I paid for .
 After issues with installing the firmware and latest drivers on the Lynksys WAP11 Access Point , this USB Adapter worked flawlessly . I can access my home-based LAN as well as the Internet from anywhere on my property with great speed.Tip . Make sure you are running Windows XP Professional on the machine hosting the Access Point and that you download the latest drivers from Lynksys . XP Pro 's simple wizard based ICS -LRB- Internet Connection Service -RRB- eliminates the need for a the router and a separate Proxy . I checked its built in Firewall for Stealth and it passes with flying colors . I have two computers running Win98 on these adapters . Great fun.Small criticism ... I wish there was an activity light on the Adapter . There is a power LED and a link LED but neither provide any sense of activity .
 Arrived on time and as advertised . Good price and works great with the series 2 Tivo , which is why I bought the item
 I bought this for my Tivo because it was listed as an accessoryfor a Tivo series 2 that I bought . Better check the Tivo website for supported wireless adapters if your going to use this for Tivo.http : / / customersupport.tivo.com/knowbase/root/public/tv2006.htm ?
 Here is what you do if your access point has an SSID and WEP enabled . When you get to Step 3A , `` View Available Wireless Networks '' , you will not see anything . Go to the `` Related Tasks '' and click on `` Change the order of preferred networks '' . Hit the `` Add ... '' button , and type in your Network name -LRB- SSID -RRB- . Uncheck `` The key is provided for me automatically '' . Leave Network Authentication `` Open '' , Data encryption
 When I purchased this item , I was kind of scared , because there are many bad reviews on this item . I opened the package , hooked it up to my computer , and it did n't work . At this point I hated myself for spending my money on this , because I thought that it would never work . So I called the technical support 800 number , and they did n't know how to fix it so they sent me to a senior support member . It took a while for one to become available , but once he did , I felt very nicely because I knew that he was experienced . After about 40min . I was up and running . The adapter is faster than I expected for being 3 rooms and one floor away . I am using dsl , and it is as fast as having a direct connection to the router with an ethernet cable . I am very impressed with this product . I am especially pleased with it being small and able to be moved around so I can get the best connection . I placed mine on the top of my monitor . I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting to go wireless with a small amount of money to work with .
 This is a relatively cheap adaptor . Install is very simple . I prefer the USB adaptor to laptop card because laptop wireless cards can easily get knocked or damaged as they stick out the side of the machine -LRB- problem if you travel regularly -RRB- . I damaged both Orinoco and linksys cards in this way -LRB- that said I travel alot and my laptop etc. is put through its paces -RRB- . Two nice features arial retracts flat to device . If you are using from one location there is a handy sticky pad on back.Support - I 've not needed it for this product , but contacted Linksys by phone for a router problem -LRB- real pain -RRB- . Email support is good . Like half of corporate America support is outsourced overseas -LRB- past month dealt with Dell , Phillipines . Even AMERICAN express is now using Indian call centres for US transactions . The previous reviewer has a point on this , but emails appear to get processed quicker . Apologies for off topic rant on outsourcing . Easy to use product , competitively priced .
 I set this up on a PC running XP in less than 5 minutes . Just follow the installation directions on the card for XP . In summary , plug in the USB cord and the XP installation wizard asks for the CD to install the driver . Next you type some requested information on security settings and you are up and running.I 'm using a Linksys wireless access point located about 50 feet away on a lower floor . This is a lot easier than running CAT5 cable all over your house . Very good connection speed . Great product , highly recommended .
 Installation was a breeze . I got a brand new machine with XP home . The install instructions for 2000 , ME and 98 are different and XP are a bit distinct but both easy . I had it running and connected to my home entwork in less than five minutess . I get great reception and am very happy .
 So far , I 've bought three of these -LRB- two version 2.6 , one version 2.8 -RRB- . The first two worked flawlessly with Windows ME , Windows 98 SE , and Windows XP . The wireless monitor program -LRB- included -RRB- actually works better on Windows 98 and Windows ME than does the built-in wireless network software in Windows XP -LRB- at least with this device -RRB- , but both WUSB11s worked well in both environments . The third one -LRB- version 2.8 -RRB- had a problem of some sort ; it would work for a while , then drop off the network -LRB- while still thinking it was connected and working fine , but even pings would n't get through , outgoing or incoming -RRB- then reconnect and work for a short while , then drop off again , and so forth . It did the same on two different systems -LRB- Windows 98 SE on one , Windows XP Home on the other -RRB- , so I arranged a swap via the Linksys web-site , and the replacement unit is now working flawlessly -LRB- so far , anyway -RRB- . Very easy installation -LRB- just follow the directions , and notice they 're very different between pre-XP versions of Windows and the various flavors of Windows XP -RRB- .
 Before purchasing the WUSB11 v2 .6 , I read the many reviews on this site . I can not understand how anyone could have trouble with getting this up and running . It took me all of 5 minutes and that 's because I actually read the QuickStart guide!I purposely stayed with Linksys because I also use the AccessPoint Router + wireless card for our laptop . The setup on these were as painless as can be as well.The range on the WUSB11 is remarkable - way better than the wireless card on the laptop -LRB- as there are certain places in our house that the laptop signal is dismal -RRB- . I have the AccessPoint in my second floor office , the laptop with the card on the first floor and the WUSB11 in the basement on an old computer . So far , I 've received nothing but very good to excellent reception in the basement . Sharing files seems to work just fine too!I realize that configuring this for specific tasks or settings may be contributing to other people 's woes but if you 're looking for a simple wireless way to share your internet connection and swap files amongst your home network - Linksys is the way to go.If my wireless card for the laptop ever dies , I would seriously consider buying another one of these to replace it - despite that fact that it 's a little bigger than the card .
 I 've been using this unit for about a month , switching from WIN98 and WinME machines with barely a hiccup . Reading the instructions ; that is installing the software , rebooting and as the machine reboots , plug in the USB connector ... is a good thing ! The little grean window that indicated a connection comes up , and with the USB its always been at 100 % connection . More than I can say for the LINKSYS PCMCIA card in my laptop , used at the same distances . I 'll probably use the new one I ordered for when I bring the laptop on the deck in the spring . Hope this helps , but for a non computer guy , this was a pleasure .
 This is a great product . I 'm using it to connect my laptop -LRB- Windows 2000 -RRB- to my home LAN , which shares my DSL line among several PCs . Configuring the wireless USB adapter was easy . The default settings worked well , and clear and concise instructions showed me where I needed to set custom settings to sync the wireless unit up with the Linksys BEFW11S4 router . I get perfect reception -LRB- 100 % connection quality , and the full 11MBPS -RRB- from everywhere in my house -LRB- a small two-story of about 1700 square ft -RRB- . Web pages paint quickly and reliably . The USB adapter does not conflict with the ethernet adapter my laptop has in it , which is configured to access the LAN at work , so this is an ideal solution.The only glitch I had to overcome was that the laptops power management system would shut down the wireless driver if it was idle for more than a few minutes . I was able to manually turn off that feature pretty easily , which has resolved that problem . If you 're looking for a wireless networking solution for a PC , and a PMCIA card is n't an option , you wo n't go wrong with this alternative . It 's extremely lightweight and remarkably reliable . I highly recommend it .
 This is what I use for my laptop , since my PC Card slot is broken . It was very easy to install and use . The only drawback I see is that just on the other side of the house , I tend to get a number of slowdowns to 1 mbps , while watching the comm status , but maybe that 's the nature of wireless . Just like your cordless phone , it transmits much less distance than they advertise .
 This wireless USB adapter -LRB- ver . 2.6 -RRB- is not compatible with Windows 98 , despite the fact that the listing for it here shows it to be Win98 compatible . The Linksys package it comes in plainly shows it to be only compatible with 98SE , ME , 2000 , and XP . It may be compatible with 98SE , but I have plain old Win98 . So , I could n't get it to work . I needed to upgrade my OS anyway , so I upgraded to WinXP Pro , and it installed just fine and works like a champ!I am getting almost full signal strength and 11 Mbps , even though the BEFW11S4 router is in the basement -LRB- two floors down -RRB- and on the opposite side of the house.The other one I bought for my laptop works just as well , but it is a little awkward carrying something the size of a deck of cards on a 3-foot string around with me as I work . I would have gotten the PCMCIA version , but I read some bad reviews here on it and decided to go with the WUSB11 instead . I just wish I could attach it to my laptop somehow ...
 I got this because the wpc11 signal stanked . We had to move the tower . this things signal is waaay stronger . i had trouble installing but after 1 hr bingo . i recommendoh the signal goes through 2 exterior walls and a back yard -LRB- 100ft -RRB-
 Prompt delivery , everything went as scheduled and we even received it earlier than we expected . Also the condition was perfect . I would definitely buy another item fromAmazon.com
 A surprisingly vast improvement in range and performance fron the PCMCIA adapter
 I installed the software on my Sony Viao then plugged in the wusb11 . It connected immediately to my Apple Airport without a hitch . This product works .
 I got a version 2.6 wireless USB adaptor and it did n't work after installed the driver on WinXP . Bascially the adaptor was able to detect the internet connection and see the computers on the network but the connections are super slow . I spent 45 min waiting for tech support from Linksys and they told me that there 's something wrong with the board and asked me to fill out a RMA online . The next day I dropped by the Linksys office and got a replacement of my bad board . Good customer service . The replacement works good although it 's a refurbish unit . I 'm still having problem playing Divx file through a network PC .
 What can i say ? it works ! After going on the tivo website and buying the exact usb adapter that was on its list then finding out it did n't work , I found this one on amazon . Apparently , the adaptor needs to have the tivo symbol on it before it will work . Strange is n't it ? I 've never had problems using various usb wifi adapters from various companies on computers , but tivo requires an adaptor with its symbol on it . I wonder what royalties TiVo gets from the sale of these things . One last point , I wonder how much longer I 'm going to be able to use a series 2 tivo before my cable company goes completely digital without analog . I also wonder what the FCC is going to do so I can use the TiVo analog tuner on digital signals ... what about that Mr. FCC ... the regualatory agency that is so poor it needs to convert to digital so it will have some frequencies available to sell again . Even if the signal looks better on my reciever I know the FCC is only doing this in 2008 to make more money at the expense of everyone else . They should return some of their profits to the citizens of the US for the inconvience and additional cost this agency has forced upon us ! I would have given this adaptor a 5 rating if TiVo did n't require a proprietary adaptor and if it had a more competitive price .
 I am very happy they still sell this version . It is a great device to have when fixing or repairing older computers that do n't support USB 2.0 . It works flawlessly , easy to install , and can be portable since it does n't need any external power source . It gets all it 's power from the USB hub on your PC or laptop .
 This product is awesome ! Very cheap yet very powerful ! It 's was plug and play for the most part . I just had to have my Windows XP Wizard look for the drive in the CD drive with the Linksys CD . After it was installed , all I had to do was match the Wireless Network Connection Properties with a another laptop which uses to the same internet connection . I was good to go after that with no problems .
 I bought this less than a week ago from the time I wrote this review . The adapter is simply awesome , its incredible . I just plugged it in and automatically a window came up with the wireless connections available nearby . There was really nothing to configure , just plug and play . I recommend this to everyone .
 What more can I say other than it works very well and at a great price
 I am very pleased with the product and the condition was brand new
 My kids needed to update thier computers and I was tired of unhooking thier computer and bringin them into my office to hook them up to my high speed connect all the time so I got these and I got a wireless router . These made it so much easier to run a network in my house , I was dreading running CAT-5 throug the house , plus , I inadverdantly hooked into the local wireless provider which was almost 1/2 mile away . worked very good .
 I use it on both my desktop and my laptop . Its nice because you can move the antenna around to get better signal strength ... which ca n't necessarily be done with a PCMCIA card . The plastic antenna arm recently broke at the hinge , though . It still works , but its hanging by the antenna wire .
 I bought one of these for my neighbor so he could connect to my DSL and I was very pleasantly surprised how well it worked . Since he was using Windows XP the setup was completely configuration free . Just plug it in and Windows does the rest . As for the range it was going past 4 walls and a breeze way ; 3 apartments down with barely a loss of signal strength . I would seriously recommend it .
 I hate opening my computer to install cards , and with thiswireless device I did n't have to . I just plugged it into a free USB jack , let it intsall the drivers from the included CD , and in under five minutes this computer was connected to the wireless network . It was totally hassle-free . I highly recommend this for easy acces to wireless networking .
 Once installed , the WUSB11 wireless adapter works perfectly with a Linksys BEFW11S4 router . However , my XP computers would not recognize the installation disc set-up command until I changed the compatability setting to Windows 98/ME , even though the advertising says it 's XP compatable . Unfortunately , the Linksys tech reps were n't aware of this problem and led me through hours of useless settings changes before I accidently found the fix . Great product , once installed .
 I use this for my two TiVos -LRB- one on each -RRB- and with my Apple Airport Extreme system.Only caveat is I had to set the Airport Extreme to 802.11 b only . For some reason this wo n't work with 802.11 b/g mode on the TiVo . This is a TiVo issue because it worked fine on my two laptops -LRB- one running Win2k and one running win xp -RRB-
 This USB network adapter works very well with my laptop . The fold-in/out antenna gives it great reception -- while at home , I can be anywhere in my house and receive 100 % signal strength and quality . While using a wireless PC-Card , the signal strength/quality was linguring around 70 % . This network adapter is very light-weight and requires no outside power source . Just plug it right into the USB , and you 're ready to go .
 This thing is a godsend . Boys and girls , do not fret , just get it . I live in NYC and I have a friend who lives 3 floors above my apartment . Needless to say , the connection is flawless almost 24/7 . I even pickup signals from places 1-2 blocks away at an average signal -LRB- Do n't forget to use Encryption unless you do n't mind people `` stealing '' your bandwidth -RRB- . If you live in an apartment building and want to share a connection with a friend , or if you have an in-home network , JUST DO IT ! You wo n't regret it , and as for XP problems , none yet . This thing is tiny , efficient and effective . AWESOME !
 Plugged it in and set it up per TIVO screen instructions and that was it .
 This product works great in our basement , which is far from the base linksys unit . I would hightly recommend .
 The Linksys WUSB11 wireless network adapter worked flawlessly within 10 minutes of my inserting the USB cable in the back of my TIVO Series 2 DVR . The first thing I did was contact TIVO to find if my Linksys ' G speed router would be compatible with the WUSB11 's B speed . I was assured by the TIVO customer representative that the WUSB11 would work with TIVO even though my router was a G. Well , all I did was plug in the WUSB11 , follow directions as offered by TIVO and there was nothing else to do . It just worked ! Out of the box , it just worked !! The reasons I bought the Linksys router and USB network adapter were two-fold
 I recently bought the wireless G router but did n't buy any cards for my laptop or desktop . I borrowed a laptop card to test the range in various rooms and was pretty dissapointed . I finally bought this USB device and the difference was huge - great signal everywhere , even the garage . I installed it on a desktop running Win98 , laptop running XP Pro , and another XP box that had beed upgraded from 98 and it works fine in all cases . Installation was n't supersmooth , but mostly it was my inexperience - once I did one , the others were quick . Updating the firmware to the router and downloading the latest drivers were key steps . Setting the adapter device properties in control panel takes some writing down of router settings first , but it 's pretty straightforward . Very happy with performance to date .
 Not much to say about this adapter , which is good . Each one that I have was a snap to install and has worked continuously since . I have all my home network devices -LRB- PCs , Tivos , etc. -RRB- securely connected to my wireless LAN . It sure beats wiring a home for a network !
 Folks , I got a new WUSB11 v2 .8 for Christmas , and I had read all of the reviews concerning the limitations of v2 .8 . Needless to say , I was really bummed that I was not going to be able to get TiVo on-line . However , all you need to do is logon to your account at tivo.com , tell them that you have a WUSB11 v2 .8 , and they will push you an update to the TiVo software . It took a couple of days , but after they pushed the new software , I was up and running . No more phone cords , and now I have the Home Media option as well.As for only 4 stars , I 'm having a heck of a time getting one of these up and running on an old Win98 machine that I have . I 've followed the directions with no luck ...
 This is a great product ... good signal , very compact ... easy to install . The only problem is that I bought it to use with my Tivo DVR and it is not compatible unless you get version 2.6 specifically . Amazon is currently shipping 2.8 so if you 're looking to use this on anything other than Tivo ... enjoy!Tivo users look elsewhere .
 This adapter was a snap to set up and the reception is great . From what I have heard they work better than the internal pc cards they sell . The only problem i have had with the product is that the wall mount they give you is somewhat flimsy , and I have had to finally just tape it on the wall . But overall , this is a good product for the money !
 Open . Place Cd in CD-Rom . Worked great out of the box . Had to unplug and plug it in the next day to get it to work . Odd . Only once though . I 'd get it again . price is right and it small enough to fit in the computer bag . Laptop
 I was having some trouble roaming around my house with my laptop and WPC11 -LRB- Linksys -RRB- PCMCIA card . Signal strength did not appear to be that great . I found that tipping my laptop on edge I received a good strong signal . This led me to do a little on-line research and I found this article : http://www.extremetech.com/article2/0,3973,20417,00.aspOn WEP and antennas . I almost purchased an antenna for my WAP11 -LRB- Linksys -RRB- unit , but instead decided to try the WUSB11 first . Glad I did . The price for an antenna -LRB- $ 30 to $ 60 -RRB- is comparable , but the flexibility of the WUSB11 is preferable I reasoned , if it worked.It did . Out of the box it is plug-and-play . The box contained
 I have purchased many different linksys products , routers , switches , wireless devices , etc. . And just like all the other linksys products I use , this one was also very easy to setup and install . I noticed there were quite a few bad reviews regarding these USB wireless adapters . However , I just setup 3 of them on 3 different computers running XP with no problems at all , and each took no longer than 4-5 minutes to setup . I would highly recommend this product to anybody who wants the convenience of wireless while having the flexibility of a USB-powered device .
 It works with Windows XP just fine , I use it on my laptop and all over the house and on deck with no problems . Great buy and easy set-up .
 A really neat product , easy setup and configuration , works as advertised , decent throughput and connectivity . I have one of these that connects to a WAP and Linksys Router , out to a DSL Modem , and everything works seamlessly . Have no complaints about the product and highly recommend it for anyone who is setting up a home-based network and needs wireless capability . My current one connected up two stories and carried a signal with wonderful throughput !
 I bought this adapter along with the Lynksys wireless router . Both work great !! Easy to set up and works as advertised -LRB- Be sure to do the firmware upgrade -RRB- . Great Geek Toy !
 The device work flawlessly and fast .
 Careful to put the adaptor at a high place like on top of your desk hutch . Do the same for the wireless access point . It makes a much better signal .
 I Bought this item along with Linksys wireless router/switch and after an hour -LRB- of which 50 minutes were consumed because of my manly behaviour of insisting not to read the manual -RRB- , I had both computers traveling in a lightning speed -LRB- well , I maybe over excited here , but it was very fast none the less -RRB- . One thing to add , it seems that having a computer with Windows XP as an OS connected to electricity is just enough to surf the net .
 This is a great complimentary item to the WAP11 . Plus the cost is somewhat lower than purchasing the PCI Adapter/Wireless card combo .
 This item works great but it connects any signal it receives , even from the neighbors to the computer . If you unplug your cable modem at bedtime the kids can still run their computers off the neighbors signal . By using the neighbors signal they can also ignore your wireless router that has buit in parental web filtering . This device needs a password protected feature to restrict access to signals other than your own .
 Great product , no trouble at all . Windows XP did not have the driver for this built in , so I had to install it from the included CD-ROM . I am now using it with my Tivo , it worked immediately upon plugging in . Funny , that Windows needed a driver for it but Tivo did n't . Anyway a very effective solution . Recommended . Not sure if it works under Linux though .
 It took me no more than three minutes to install software and comunicate with the wireless Router . We have great signal strength and love this product .
 Great support from Linksys makes this a 5 star product .
 I used this adapter across one room to test it out and it worked brilliantly.Wireless adapters does n't have a good range when using it under routers such as using it a floor under the router.I tried to use the wireless adapter downstairs with a laptop and to my surprise , it still worked great . The range was still shown as `` excellent '' in the connection window . Internet performance was good also.I never got disconnected with this wireless adapter once , even when i was walking around the house with my laptop.Highly recommended.And yes i also have a Linksys Wireless PC Card that works great also .
 I purchased for my Dell Dimension 8200 as I was running short of wired connections . Plugged into the USB connector on the PC , inserted the disk when asked and it works great . I recommend - for less than $ 16 with shipping , it ca n't be beat .
 The Linksys WUSB11 performs exactly as advertised . It 's held up it 's part of the bargain in the network system . Great price for this product .
 This little gem is simple , plug-and-play , and just works . Do n't bother to install the software that came with it , if you know anything about configuring wireless networks you do n't need it . The software does n't make it any easier if you are a novice , so again , do n't bother with it.Signal strength is very good , I 've got the router upstairs at the other end of the house -LRB- about 50-60 feet away -RRB- . You might have to have the antenna in the up position for max signal however . I 've got it permanently set up for my HTPC -LRB- no room inside the computer for a PC-card network adapter -RRB- .
 We purchased the WUSB11 for an IBM Infinity desktop system with 1gb of memory running XP Pro . It installed very easily according to the instructions and has worked flawlessly . And it had a great price .
 Installing on a Gateway box with XP Media Center , I had no problems whatever . We were up and connected within minutes of opening the box . Considering the price , this was a great little unit .
 Very easy to use this product . It said it was plug-n-play , and it really was . We were setting up our DSL wireless network , and purchased the adaptor to run with our Gateway Desktop running Windows XP . It took less than 10 minutes to set everything up , so I would definitely recommend !
 As usual I 'm delighted with another product I ordered from Amazon . I was looking for an inexpensive way to wirelessly connect my son 's desktop to my network and started researching products & prices when I ended up on Amazon . The price was so cheap I figured if it did n't work it was no big deal , but I was wrong ... it worked like a charm ! Minimal setup , plug & play , you ca n't ask for anything more .
 I bought the adapter for a desktop computer that had no integrated wireless , set up a home network between that computer and a laptop , and was easily able to share drives , and printers , without dealing with an access point or cable . Then I was connected to satellite internet and was able to share the internet connection as well . I have since temporarily connected two other laptops easily to this wireless network to set them up , download all of their updates and software , and be finished , in a much easier , quicker procedure than if I 'd had to either use dial-up or sneakernet . It is not a trivial setup , but not terribly difficult , and would not require an expensive visit from a technician for anyone with a reasonable grasp of computing and networking .
 Out of the box , the WUSB11 did n't work . Fortunately , I read an earlier review which mentioned that a bunch of these were shipped with defective USB cables . My neighbor uses a WUSB11 so I tried his , and sure enough , it worked.I emailed Linksys about the problem and both customer service ` drones ' who answered said that I had to return everything even though it was just the cable that needed replacing . Furthermore , I had to pay for the return shipping and half of the shipping for the replacement since I live in Hawaii -LRB- and they do n't ship via USPS , so shipping is n't cheap ! -RRB- I decided to try their toll free number as a last resort . Fortunately the person who answered could actually think ! Without me suggesting anything , she immediately said that she 'll see if she can just send me a cable , and called me back to confirm that it was being sent . The replacement cable arrived quickly and it 's been working well ever since.By the way , I could n't get the ` latest driver ' for Win98SE that I downloaded from the Linksys site to work , but the one that came in the box works well . Good luck !
 I bought this one from BestBuy last week -LRB- version 2.6 latest version of this adapter -RRB- . I have a wireless internet service provider in my residential area . I opened the package , installed the software -LRB- before plugging in the device -RRB- and provided the MAC address on the adapter to my service provider . In couple of minutes , I could tune into the wireless network and I am all setup . The size is very small and comes with a wall mount package .
 I have bought other products similar to this and have returned them because of technical problems , or difficulties in use . I have had the most wonderful experience with this product though ! It is fast , light - weight , easy to install , and compact , -LRB- Not to mention the fact that I always get compliments on how ` cute ' it is -RRB- . All in all , it was one of the best purchases I have made recently . : -RRB-
 It took less than 5 minutes from the time I took this product out of the box until my computer was live on my wireless network . I did have problems with an earlier version of this device -LRB- which retailed for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- more -RRB- , but version 2.6 works great . I can not believe how inexpensive and easy it is to establish a wireless network .
 I purchased the Wireless USB adapter along with the wireless router . Set up for the router was smooth and not complicated . The USB Adapter was just as smooth . The router took approximately 30 minutes and the USB adapter about 15 minutes . I gave the USB adapter a rating of 4 only because I 'm not getting 11 mbps as advertised .
 works good , but is touchy with different computers . Can require tweaking and simply would n't work on a Gateway I own -LRB- five other pc 's simple to a little work to get it running -RRB-
 I have a Linksys wireless cable/dsl router , which I use only to share internet connections among pc 's in my house . Set up was easy -- the instructions were clear and accurate . More impressive is the ease with which wireless clients can see the network and just hop on.For example , I use an Apple iBook , and I was hesitant to get an Airport card , worried that I 'd have problems getting it to see the pc-based Linksys router . I know that 802.11 b is supposed to be `` compatible '' across the board , but ... well , we all know how that works -LRB- or does n't work ! -RRB- sometimes . Nevertheless , I took the chance , and everything worked perfectly . The Airport card saw the network immediately , and I was on the internet from my iBook a few seconds later without a single glitch.Impressed , I bought a Netgear wireless usb adapter for another pc in the house . Unfortunately , it did n't work at all . After working over an hour with tech support , I decided to trade it in for this Linksys wireless usb adapter . Best move I made ! The Linksys unit found and communicated with the router within minutes after it was out of the box . Connection speeds are amazing -- indistinguishable from the pc that 's hard wired to the router . I ca n't tell you how pleased I am with the Linksys router and wireless adapters -- they just plain work !
 Now here is what you want and thought it was not available.The 8.11 b full compatible wireles device that works with almost any access point in your house including your Apple airport base station ! Install the drivers that will also work with Windows XP , connect your USB device to your computer or hub and restart your computer . The reach and power is beyond belief . The green monitor will show in the low right corner of your computer and you are on line.Looks like a device from a toy store but is worth its weight in gold ! ...
 Works really well with WAP11 . Used this with both windows 98 and 2000 . Installs in minutes . Recommend it highly .
 This particular product works great . Currently I have 3 computer being routed to the main access point -LRB- Linksys BEFW11S4 -RRB- . All of our system run off of win98 and there has not been a problem . 100 % connectivity to router through 2 walls and 85 % connectivity to the other computer that resides in the basement.Most of the problems people have are due to the router programming . `` Remember to read directions throughly '' on setting router controls .
 It was a little hinky out of the gate , but eventually made peace with my router and now everyone 's happy . I actually think the initial setup problems were related to interference issues . Since moving the adapter a few feet further from my speakers -LRB- which contain magnets and thus create interference with the wireless signal -RRB- , it 's been great.One caveat ... Linksys tech support is very hit and miss . The first guy I talked to was an -LSB- unknowledgable person -RSB- who any created additional problems that shut down my whole network for an afternoon . The next guy I talked to was awesome .
 Great item . Easy to set up with Linksys support . They were so helpful . I only wish that all products were as supportive .
 Ran the setup and was on the Internet in 5 minutes MAX !! ... If this product is going to be in use with Windows 98 make sure you have the Windows 98 CD , setup will need it . I am very happy with this product .
 This review is about version 2.5 . Version 2.6 sold now ... stinks.Version 2.5 is a fantastic product :1 . It works great with Linux as it is true Prism2 device -LRB- v2 .6 does not as it is ATMEL AT76C503A device -RRB- 2 . It is USB - you can extend the cable up to 25m ! 3 . You can disassemble it -LRB- voiding warranty of course -RRB- and inside you find popular -LRB- used in cisco -RRB- MMCX connector for external antenna ! -LRB- this is also not true for v2 .6 which has antenna soldered directly to the board -RRB- The only small problem is range but for -LSB- price -RSB- v2 .5 it 's a great deal anyway .
 A piece of cake to set up and use . First install drivers , reboot and then plug in adapter . Windows `` finds '' usb adapter , installs drivers , case closed . Make certain you get version 2.5 with the small antenna that stands up . Earlier version should be all gone by now but ... Excellent product .
 I love it ! It works great and the price was too good to be true ! I would recommend this item to anyone .
 I like it , some people not but this is the secret of using these wifi dongles : -RRB- Do Not Install Their Application !!! Yea do not install their software because they always suck !! Install only Driver and use windows settings to control it.To get the driver , install software , find driver folder in software installation path , copy them somewhere , uninstall software and then use that driver to enjoy device !!
 It has been over a year since I purchased this item for an old desktop computer . It allowed the desktop to receive wireless signals and did exactly what I needed at the time . If you have an old desktop or any other device that has a USB slot and need to use it to connect wireless to the internet this item works great and is very easy to setup .
 great little item came fast still try to get it to work right product works fine its just me who get figuire it out .
 I got this as a router for my Tivo ... it appears that it would work as a router , but it does n't work with Tivo so I 'm selling it again . The fact that it does n't work with Tivo is not the seller 's fault , but mine . I did n't ask what version it was .
 The adapter worked as advertised . I have been using another for a couple of years with a Tivo , and have been very satisfied with it , and have had no problems . Look to have the same results with this one as well .
 I had no idea what I was looking for , as I 'm new to the PC . I asked the buyer a few questions , which he answered for me and I 've had it now for almost 2 years , and it is working great !
 I bought this for my Tivo , hooked it up the day it arrived and have n't touched it since . Great value .
 The wireless adapter was easy to install . Within a short time I was hooked up to Tivo .
 I needed a specific version of router and firmware and they had it and delivered exactly what I asked for . Thanks .
 I use this unit on my desktop PC which is located upstairs and at the other end of the house from the router . A good distance away and lots of walls . The speed is faster than other wireless connections in the same room as the router . I recommend this for any home wireless system .
 I connected the wireless USB adaptor , computer found it imediately . Works great .
 Just purchased and installed this little guy . It works great in both windows 2000 and xp . From a distance about 1500ft , the signal reads low but the connection remains strong enough . The benefit is you can hang it on the wall and adjust its height , which may be critical if you are far away from the Access Point . Very nice product .
 I bought one of these nifty devices just to check it out and it worked fine on XP . It was easy to install . In fact , I liked it so much that I bought another for an older ME machine . I was not disappointed with this product , even though it cost more than comparable wireless USB adapters .
 it 's the best adapter that i 've tried so far . it picked up the network instantly and it did n't lose connection upon restart or wakeup of windows , which had been the problem w / an smc and microsoft adapter . give it 4 star is b/c of the utility software that came w / it . it 's simply a horrer . first after double click on the install.exe it just flashed , and did n't show the typical installation screen . then i found it in the `` all programs '' menu . but when i tried to start it it claimed that a file was missing , wlan.ini . i copied the file from the cd to the installed folder . the utility program started . but , it insisted that it could n't find an access point even though it 's connected ! turning off windows wireless zero configuration did n't help . somebody had said that simply forget about the utility program and use windows to manage it . he 's quite right . w / one caveat though - every few minutes windows would get confused , disconnect me and say that `` there 's more than one network available '' . uncheck `` use windows to configure my wireless networks '' seemed to have solved this problem -LRB- i did assign ip etc. manually in the first place -RRB- .
 For those having problem with WEP , why do n't you give it a try to use HEX instead of ASCII . As far as I know , there are Network Key incompatibility issues among wireless network adapters and access points of different brand names . This usually can be taken care of by using HEX in the Network Key . I understand that this could be a little bit troublesome . But you 'll just have to set it up once.The only reason that I did n't give it 5-star is because sometimes my pc could not recognize the device at boot-up and I had to connect/disconnect the usb plug . But this sympton seems went away since I updated the misc . motherboard drivers last month .
 Regardless of what other people say on here , it _ is _ compatable with Windows XP . You just need to install the drivers , the instructions are easy to follow on this . The back of the unit contains velcro strips so you can easily attach the unit someplace high . About 100 feet from my access point -LRB- and through three walls -RRB- I still get around 70 % signal strength . Pretty good . This is an excellent buy and I 'd suggest it to anyone .
 I plugged it in and within 5 minutes was up and surfing the web on the PC in my garage , which is outside about 30 yards away from my access point and through about 5 walls . Still I get an excellent signal . So much easier than running CAT5 all over the place !
 I bought this device because I wanted to connect a PC to my home network without having to run wires up the wall and through the ceiling to reach an upstairs bedroom . I am using this network adapter to tie into a Linksys wireless-B broadband router -LRB- my Internet connection comes from an Insight Digital Cable modem -RRB- . Once I got the router and the modem to work with each other , installing and using this network adapter was literally a five minute job . It works just fine for our purposes . We mainly use the remote PC to surf the web and play games , and the speed of net surfing on that machine is barely below that of the PC that is hard wired to the router.If all you want to do is typical web-surfing stuff , I highly recommend this item .
 Installed on a desktop -LRB- win98 -RRB- a floor below the Linksys WAP router ; in 10 minutes it was up and running at top speed . Ner enjoyed the internet so much , this wireless stuff is great .
 I just installed Linksys USB adapter after my D-Link DWL-120 died after 1 yr of use . It took me less than 5 minutes to set it up . It works great ! After my experience with D-Link products and technical supports , I 'll stick with Linksys products . I have n't tried Linksys technical support yet . But , my other Linksys items have worked so well and have been so simple to install , I have n't needed to contact them .
 I had the wiredless router plus wusb11 install for 30 min. , and it were good no problems never had any downtime or stop connect.My sys are SBCyahoo dsl , AMD 1gh , Intel 633Cel . The Intel at next room that why I need that Wusb11 . So far so good . I recommended .
 ... The wusb11 arrived this week and after inserting the disk , hitting a few buttons and entering my encryption codes , I was hooked up . It literally took less than five minutes to take it out of the box and get it working . ... Great product.The usb adapter also comes with a velcro plate that slides on and off -LRB- hard to explain but will come in handy -RRB- . It allows you to velcro the adapter to your laptop so you do n't have to juggle while switching locations.The only con is that it should have come with a short cord along with the long cord . ...
 I run a Linksys mixed -LRB- wired & wireless -RRB- network at home , and though I 've been pretty satisfied overall , the maximum * effective * range I 've been able to attain with their PC card in my laptop has been under 100 feet . I 've tried centralizing the router and elevating the antenna -LSB- even to the extent of using a makeshift coax antenna extended into the attic -RSB- with no real benefit . However , with this USB adapter and its built in antenna , my range has doubled and my laptop is now free to roam anywhere in the house with `` excellent '' signal quality . Setup was a snap and as long as you have a free USB port -LRB- or use an adapter as I do -RRB- , it 'll improve your network without too much of an investment .
 Product as advetised . Plugged in to USB port and easy to setup . Worked first time and every time . Ca n't beat it for the price .
 Does not necessarily work with TiVo , you need to make sure you are getting the exact version that is listed on the TiVo site . The one I got was version 2.5 , only 2.0 or something works with TiVo . I am stuck with mine .
 I live out in the country and get my internet link via a hub in the middle of my park . This little unit is flawless , runs off your USB connection and works in all kinds of weather and temps . Not a bit of problem , bought mine new . Excellent purchase
 This unit has worked flawlessly since we set it up . It was easy to install since it is external . It is also easy to move to another computer , if needed . We have enjoyed having it .
 This product was quite simple and easy to install . It has performed perfectly since installation . I highly recommend this product .
 Purchased 2 of them and found them to compatible in Win XP . Also version 4 of this adapter supports WPA security which is the strongest encryption than WEP . Linksys tech support does n't even know about this info . check the wpa certification on wi-fi . org .
 I got this over a year ago and its still working great , highly recommended
 If you want very basic capability this is the wireless adapter for you . Slow but steady and inexpensive .
 I was n't sure which adapter to get , the PCI or USB . I did n't want to open the case all the time if there were problems . So I decided to go with the USB . I 'm using Windows XP Pro . I also got the 4 port switch WAP . Installed and running in less then 5 minutes . Installing the USB adapter on XP was a breeze . Just popped in the CD and away I went . Setup was very easy and fast.My XP box is on the 2nd story , and my WAP is in the basement . I get excellent connection with 11Mbps no problem . Have not had to update any firmware at all . Out-of-box setup .
 This is replacing a wpc11 - Had this unit setup under Windows XP on my compaq armada laptop in less than a minute . I get a full strength signal from my couch with the wusb11 where I used to get a 20-30 % strength singnal with the wpc11 . I am very satisfied with this adapter .
 This cute little box really does it . I have no problem to install it and it works right away . And , I found it is easy to disconnect my PC from Interent for security reasons . Just pull out the USB plug , and you can plug it back anytime when you need the internet again .
 This is the easiest piece of network hardware I have ever used . Plugged it into my USB port . The computer instantly recognized the item and the item immediately found my network . With two clicks of the mouse I was on my network .
 Bought this thing to go along with my sexy new Linksys Wireless 4-Port Cable/DSL Router and things could n't have gone smoother . In one hour I had the whole thing shooting data straight through 3 walls and a floor at a very high rate of speed . Very impressive !
 I recently purchased a new Dell Dimension 4500 and wanted to hook up to the cable modem which is 2 floors below -LRB- installed in my brothers basement room . -RRB- After much research via techtv.com , I settled on the Linksys products . I purchsed a Wirless Router and the USB adapter both by Linksys . Anyone that is interested in setting up a wireless adapter should consider these products.Installing the Wirless Router took a little time and a call to the extremely helpfull Linksys customer service . Installing this USB wireless adapter was simple . Just plug it in and go ! All the instructions are easy to follow , and actually , the install wizard made it even simpler . I was hooked up to the cable modem two floors below and on the other side of the house within 5 minutes . My connection is always ` very strong ' and I love the ability for instant access to the web.Wirless networking is not all the same , but with Linksys , I am a happily satisfied customer who will purchas from them again in the future !
 It was running before I knew it . I connected my daughters PC which is 3 solid concrete walls and about 20 meters away , I still got good communication using Linsys WAP11
 Very easy to setup , was up in minutes . And great and consistent speeds , thanks linksys !
 I 've had the Linksys Wireless PC Card for 3 weeks or so now on a Sony laptop with Windows XP . Installs in 3 seconds and has worked without fail . The two other computers in the house use the USB versions , and they , too , are working beautifuly . What a relief not to bother with the wires any more and have real speed . Perhaps most important , I have the Linksys router and access point unit relieve my desktop from functioning as a server for the other computers on my home network . Now everybody can use the internet whether my desktop is on or off.Congratulations , Linksys !
 I bought a series 2 40 GB TIVO recently . I had no phone lines near my TV . My computer is upstairs and had a wireless router from lynksys to connect to another computer at the other end of the house . So I bought this adapter and hooked it up to my TIVO . I set the SSID and password . It started working right away with a good connection -LRB- 75 % -RRB- . I set up the TIVO desktop on the computer and published by photos and MP3s . I could then view my photos and listen to my MP3s downstairs . It worked great . 5/5 rating .
 I purchased the WUSB11 without any notification from Amazon on what VERSION it was , Needed v2 .6 to work with my TIVO , AND Amazon advertized that this would work with TIVO . THEY shipped me v4 .0 and WOULD NOT even talk with me about exchanging it , said it was my fault for ordering the wrong ITEM , EVEN though it was the right item and THEY did not allow for input of WHAT VERSION I NEEDED and THEY ADVERTIZED it worked with TIVO . FINALLY LinkSys made good on the whole deal by exchanging for the correct version BUT it should not have been LinkSys who did that but AMAZON.PLUS I missed out on the REBATE due to trying to work out the whole mess . Anyway the product works great with the TIVO when you have the correct VERSION , good luck getting that from AMAZON on the first try .
 WONDERFUL PRODUCT ! HOWEVER , THE NEW VERSION 4.0 IS NOT COMPATABLE WITH TIVO ! TRY WUSB12 INSTEAD .
 I got v2 .5 of this adapter to use in an ad-hoc network with a notebook with a WPC11 v1 . After much frustration I was informed by Linksys tech support -LRB- who were very helpful , in spite of the fact that they were unable to actually fix the problem -RRB- that there was a known problem connecting these two devices in ad-hoc mode . They acknowledged the defect and Amazon took both devices back . I was sad to see my WUSB11 go , though , because it had really good range . I tested it briefly against a WAP11 , and it far exceeded Linksys claims.If you want to go ad-hoc , just be sure that you get v2 .5 of WUSB11 and v2 .5 or 3.0 of WPC11 . The version number is on the box . If it says `` WUSB11 v2 .5 '' that 's what you want . If it just says `` WUSB11 '' send it back unopened .
 I bought this adapter to create a wireless TIVO network . After plugging the adapter to the back of the series 2 Tivo recorder and downloading the desktop , I had an instant wireless network . It was set up in minutes and has operated flawlessly .
 This is a good USB adapter , but it does NOT work with the TiVO series 2 DVRs -LRB- when hooking up a wireless network -RRB- . The TiVOs require the WUSB11 v2 .6 v2 .8 or v3 . The product that ships from Amazon is v4 , and it does not work with the TiVOs -LRB- at least as of 15 Nov 2004 -RRB- . The incompatability with v4 is mentioned on TiVOs site , but its hard to find .
 Summary :1 -RRB- If you get v3 .0 of this adapter , it works great in XP with the built-in `` Wireless Zero Config `` 2 -RRB- If you get v3 .0 of this adapter and you 're having trouble in Windows 2000 , read below : I had been wrestling with a problem with the WUSB11 v3 .0 adapter for the last 3 days . I was finding that it first worked in Windows 2K , then in XP , then never again in 2K . The behavior was that the WLAN monitor kept saying that the device was `` not installed '' or `` inactive '' even though Windows clearly saw the adapter -LRB- it showed up as installed correctly in the Device Manager -RRB- . I noticed that I was getting an error message in the Win2K Event Log from the PCANDIS5 service that `` path is invalid '' . The registry key HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE \ SYSTEM \ CurrentControlSet \ Services \ PCANDIS5 \ ImagePath had a directory that did not exist ! It was '' \ ?? \ C : \ PROGRA ~ 1 \ WUSB11 ~ 1 \ PCANDIS5.SYS '' . This appears to perhaps be an old location of PCANDIS5 maybe in an older version of the driver . I changed the value to '' \ ?? \ C : \ WINNT \ system32 \ PCANDIS5.SYS '' , rebooted , and the WUSB11 works perfectly now on all my Win2K machines !! I hope this helps someone else out and prevents them from having to spend 3 or more days on this problem . Besides this , this USB adapter seems to be very good .
 Got this because TIVO manual said it was recommended for wireless connection . We had been connecting to the TIVO guide service through the phone line , and although it did it at 2am and it was a 800 call -LRB- I think -RRB- the phone line still ran around the room!We had a Apple Airport wireless network anyway , so I thought I would give this a try for $ 30 ! Plugged it in and within minutes it was configured and working . Tivo is on ground floor and Airport is upstairs , no problem with signal .
 I was one of the lucky ones to by a v3 .0 of this product which did work with my Tivo . Amazon now ships a 4.0 version that does not work with Tivo . You can go to a store and try to find one that does , but good luck since the version number does not appear anywhere on the box -LRB- only inside -RRB- . I am leaving the rating of 4 stars , because that is what it is for me -LRB- v3 .0 -RRB- . But do not buy this product now for Tivo .
 We 've always had trouble with Netgear and never used D-Link . The reason we 've never moved on to D-Link is because we decided to try Linksys after all the issues we had with Netgear , and Linksys has yet to let us down . I use this particular USB Network Adapter on both of our Tivos as well as the family computer we keep in the kitchen.Occasionally - perhaps once every month , maybe less -RRB- - the connection drops , and the only thing that solves it is unplugging the device , waiting a minute or so , then plugging it in again . It 's not very bothersome for us .
 A + in everything keep it like that . It was a pleasure to deal with you guys
 I have this USB adapter connected to a D-Link AirPlus 614 + AP . It works fine for me .
 I got two of these , and a Linksys wireless access point -LRB- to go along with the Linksys cable modem and the Linksys router/switch -RRB- . On a laptop running Windows ME , it installed perfectly just as advertised . On a desktop system running Windows 98SE , it had some installation glitches although after uninstalling and reinstalling four times it did work -- and once it worked , it works great . I suspect there was a conflict with some other software , although nothing told me so and only a little trial and error finally fixed it . Through several walls and a floor/ceiling , I 'm getting 100 % signal strength , 97 % link quality , and 11 Mbps .
 Wow ! It is small . I thought it will be the same size as a regular modem . It is so small that I can hide it inside my palm.Wow ! I set it up in 5 minutes . I follow the instruction and it is up in 5 minutes . I thought this will be a long process as I read from most of the reviews . One GOOD hint , make sure you are getting the new release 2.6 . It is compatible with XP . I heard most of the problems are with release 2.5 or older . If you visit the linksys web site and bring up the release 2.5 specification . It never said it will work with Windows XP . If you look at the specification for release 2.6 , it said it is compatible with Windows XP . I just got my USB adapter from Amazon.com and it is version 2.6 . The diagram it displays is version 2.5 . Wow ! It works with different brand router right away . I got a Dlink wireless router DI614 + . I plugged in the linksys USB adapter to my desktop . It detected the device . I chose the driver from the CD . It copied the files and it detected my SSID right away . I entered the WEP key and it is up and running.Umm ! It takes slightly longer to find my LAN after I reboot.I powered up my machine . The windows was up and running but I still did n't see the network connection icon at my system tray . I waited for about 2 minutes . The network icon finally came up and I am connected to the internet.It is too bad that Dlink does n't come with it 's own wireless USB adapter . Dlink can provides 22mbps connection . Linksys provides only 11 mbps ... . It has been two weeks since I bought my USB adapter . It is still up and running . The DLink wireless hub and the Linksys USB adapter are on different floor , I got 100 % signal strength .
 I bought a WUSB11 to hook up my Windows 2000 PC to my wireless LAN -LRB- using Linksys wireless access point -RRB- . Setup was very straight forward - per instructions I ran the program on the CD-Rom to install the drivers , then plugged the device in.Although I do n't move my desktop machine around much , nor do I move the access point , I 've never seen the signal strength fall below 97 % . The device is about 25 feet and one wall removed from the access point.The design of this device is very sleak . Dimensionally , its about the size of a deck of cards . The only cable is the USB cable to the computer - there is no power cable required and , just as important , no need to take up a socket on your powerstrip with a plug from this guy.The one negative is that once I added this device to my home network , the Linksys wireless card I use in my laptop seemed to get a much lower signal strength from the access point . I ca n't help but wonder if somehow the WUSB11 signal is so strong that it interferes ?
 I bought this WUSB11 v 2.6 in Jan 2003 for my home network , which is a mixed bag of Airlink 614 + , Airlink PC cards , Airlink PCI 520 , and Linksys PCI , Linksys PC cards , and Linksys USB . Overall Linksys seems to be of better quality , judging from the outside appearance , sturdiness , look , coverbox , etc. . But the heart of wireless devices is in its functionality - speed , range , encryption ability , and ease of setup . In this context , Linksys is better functionally . While the speed , encryption , and ease of setup are are similar between Linksys and Airlink , Linksys has better range . In my direct comparison between the Airlink 520 and Linksys WUSB11 , WUSB11 is better . Despite what Airlink says about their range , my connection from the Airlink router 614 , located on the East side first floor of my house , to the Airlink PCI 520 , located on the second floor on the west side of my house , is at best in the `` good '' range and tends to be in the `` poor '' range . This is a 900 sq ft home floor plan , built in the 1920 's . When I experimented and swapped this Airlink PCI 520 with the Linksys WUSB11 , the connection was clearly better . There you have it . Linksys , however , is more expensive and sometimes difficult to set up -LRB- I still am working on installing a Linksys PCI card on my spare laptop with Win98 ... it keeps asking me for certain dll files which I do n't have ... XP and 2000 are better -RRB- I gave up on calling their tech support .
 I just purchased this wireless USB adapter -LRB- WUSB11 - ver 2.6 -RRB- today - to go along with my Linksys WAP router . It was truly Plug-n-Play - I followed the -LRB- easy -RRB- instructions -LRB- for Win 2k - on a Dell Latitude -RRB- and it came up and connected as soon as I plugged it into the USB port . I 'm in Heidelberg , Germany and live in a concrete 4-level house - and my router is located two floors below the laptop location . I have a consistent 97-100 % signal strength at 11 Mbps - which is much faster than my DSL connection . I saw some reviews here on Amazon which suggested that you be sure to get ver 2.6 if you 're using Win XP . This is a fantastic device - I ca n't believe I waited so long to get one .
 I was very pleased surprised to learn of the availability of the product via Amazon.com . In addition , the price was very competitive and the service was good . I got exactly the brand I wanted .
 I just received the WUSB11 for Christmas , and I 've been using to hook up my Tivo to my wireless network . It works great , and one thing that I love is it is MUCH , MUCH SMALLER than you 'd think it would be -- it 's only roughly 7-8 inches long and 4-5 inches wide .
 Set up was a breeze and everything works great . Two TiVo 's in the house and had to hook the one up in the bedroom to the network . Plugged it in , rebooted the TiVo , entered the network information and bam ... No cables . Very Very Easy .
 I ordered the USB11 wireless adaptor with the Linksys BEFW11S4 Router . The setup was quite straightforward , and within minutes the wireless adaptor was communicating with the router . However , the computer connected to the wireless adaptor would not connect to the internet . After a 20 minute wait on hold , I reached tech support and began working with a tech support rep whom I could barely understand , and had to ask to repeat almost every question and instruction . There would be frequent long pauses , during which I am assuming the rep was reading a script . After over an hour of work , the rep advised me that I needed an updated driver for the USB11 , which she promised to e-mail to me within the same day . I never received it , but was able to download the updated version from the Linksys website on the wired computer , burn it to a CD and install it on the wireless computer . It still did n't work . I then spent another 25 minutes on hold waiting for the tech support rep , and engaged with another rep whose enunciation was just as poor . After an additional hour , going over the same checks , she advised me that the USB11 adaptor must be malfunctioning , and I should replace it . I ordered a new adaptor , installed it , and still could not connect to the internet . At this point , I hired a local technician to help me . He quickly discovered that the settings for WEP were incorrect . As soon as he changed these , the system worked flawlessly . I would expect that the technical support representatives would have gone through this step , but neither one did . Linksys needs to improve the quality of technical support it provides .
 What can I say , I wanted to connect my new desktop computer to my wireless network . Rather than purchase a wireless card that could be installed within my computer , I read the reviews and found out the reception was much better using one of these external devices -- and it 's nice that I can move this device from computer to computer if I need to or keep the device a small distance away from my computer -LRB- in case I ever decide to put my computer in a cabinet or whatever -RRB- . Furthermore , setup was pretty smooth , the included software made it easy . And , this Linksys device works just fine even though my wireless base station is made by SMC . Plus , it 's -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- . Overall , it 's a great value and it performs exactly how it 's supposed to . If you 're interested in adding another computer to your wireless network , consider buying this product .
 I first used a direct cable to hook up to main computer which was hooked up to the internet . I removed all the hard cable and decided to go wireless.After purchasing the new Linksys 2.4 GHz 802.11 B adaptor ... it works great ! -LRB- using this new version -RRB- I have not encountered any problems and is very easy to install in no time . The Att wireless adaptor is not easy to install compared to this one !
 Excellent product.With Linksys WAP and wireless USB adapter I 've connected my home PC to my office network . Buildings are over 300 meters away from each other , but usual signal quality is not lower than 70-80 percent . So this device allows me to control my network remotely and it also provides me broadband Internet connection , which we have in the office.When it 's rainy , I just stay at home and work from there . :-RRB- Thanks to Linksys .
 This is a good equipment for desktops that are far away and where a cable can not be run . It works well but couldnt find drivers for 2003/2008 server edition and also couldnt find drivers for Linux . so this may work in case of a regular desktop pc runing XP but drivers are not available for all models of OS . its worth its price .
 The WUSB11 installed easily on Windows 7 and the performance is excellent . Throughput is just about as fast as being directly connected to my cable modem -LRB- Earthlink/Time Warner -RRB- . I use it on a remote desktop machine . The external USB configuration allows me to set the device atop the computer -LRB- unlike PCI card versions that obscure the antenna -RRB- allowing excellent reception.This unit is a bit long in the tooth for 2010 ; it only offers WEP -LRB- wired equivalent privacy -LSB- do n't believe it -RSB- -RRB- security which is a problem . WEP is easily penetrated so if you care about security , I 'd recommend you look for a newer device that supports WPA such as the WUSB54G . The newer unit 's price is generally comparable . I just ordered my WUSB54G so I can transition my network to WPA ; but I 'll enjoy the WUSB11 until it arrives .
 I am pretty satisfied with this product . I use it for a very old computer in my daughter 's room . The PC is so slow but the wireless connection seems to be fine . It is used very minimally but no problems .
 I have the WUSB11 -LRB- v2 .8 -RRB- on a XP Home v5 .1 machine in the basement of our house -LRB- 533 Mhz , 512 mb ram -RRB- . The other computer connected to the Linksys BEFW11S4 router on the 2nd floor is also on XP . The WUSB11 replaced a Microsoft MN-510 USB wireless adapter , which I decided to swap out since I changed my router to Linksys and I 'd heard that the Linksys wireless USB adapter had better range than Microsoft . The MN-510 worked fine , i was just hoping for better speed.So I detached the MN-510 and uninstalled its software . I then followed the directions that came with the WUSB11 , including setting up all the network parameters like SSID , workgroup , etc. . It worked . I have n't experienced the problems other XP users have reported . It immediately did what it was supposed to , and has ever since I installed it.I do n't know if the range is any greater , but the signal quality is definitely better . With the MN-510 / BEFW11S4 combination the best download speeds via wireless I got were about 70 % of what the computer connected directly to the router was getting . With the WUSB11 instead of the MN-510 , I can get better than 90 % ! And that 's through 2 floors and a wall or two.Works great , quick install , could n't ask for more .
 I just bought my second WUSB11 -LRB- ver 2.6 -RRB- network adapter becuase the first installed without any problems on a Windows XP machine . The second will also be installed on Windows XP machine . The only issue you really have to worry about it using XP to load the drivers for the adapter . The instructions actually tell you not to use XP to recognize the hardware . If you do , you have to make sure you use the drivers provided by the CD and the ones from XP . Once you 've loaded the drivers , I made sure the eithernet card and modem were disabled -LRB- to avoid any unexpected conflicts with XP -RRB- and the security features set up . I Made sure my wireless router -LRB- WRT54G -RRB- was broadcasting and the adapter so it quickly . I consistently had excellent connection status from the adapter . The tricky part is making sure you actually have a connection with your router before trying to play with the security settings . The WEP security setting can also be tricky because you force the user to put in the access code to access the network . Many people do n't play with it because its more trouble than it 's worth . I also found that the adapter works even after I have gone back to my router and disabled the SSID broadcast . I went ahead and added the adapter 's MAC ID to my router so it could recognize the computer when it tried to access the network . The only thing I have to figure out is out to allow the computer -LRB- with the adapter -RRB- to access my network without having to broadcast the router 's SSID .
 I had to set this up work with one Windows 98 PC via wire , and a Windows XP Laptop , via wireless card.It all worked probably within 20 minutes , and my laptop gets very good reception clear across the house .4 stars though because the manual/setup guide is very sparse and so any problems and you pretty much need to try different things until it all works , or struggle through technical support calls .
 I 've worked with many wireless devices and this is one of the best . I never use the drivers that come in the box , I always download the latest drivers from the manufactures website . I highly recommend the quick install instructions . On XP all you need to do is plug in the device into your USB port , point to the directory you saved the driver and just press next . The device configures in a few seconds and does n't even require a reboot -LRB- although it 's always recommended -RRB- . The range on this product is unbelievable , I have the Linksys WPC11 card which does n't come close to the range on this baby . I live in a NYC apartment building and using this adapter I can view and cruise on any of my neighbors connections . This brings up the issue of security.I have two security recommendations , turn on MAC address security -LRB- to restrict the authorized clients -RRB- and enable WEP -LRB- link encryption -RRB- security . The MAC address of most linksys products in printed near the serial number on the bottom . You enter this number in your gateway/router -LRB- note
 The install was easy since it 's USB and the setup disk walks you through all settings to make this little puppy run . It was much smaller than I expected it to be and that was a good thing . I have it upstairs with the BEFW11S4 down stairs and it has always connected with a strong signal . There is another one on the way for my lab computer . I expect it will work just as well . Highly recommend this product .
 I do n't know what all of you people are talking about but the wusb11 is better than any other network adaptors i have ! All you have to do to get it to work with Windows XP is follow the directions . They tell you to plug in the unit and then install the software . The wusb11 also has a great range , it is twice as far from my wireless router than my wireless pci card and still has a 100 % signal , where my pci card only has between 70-80 % . If I knew that the signal would be this good I would have bought two of these insead of a pci card .
 1 -RRB- First of all , be sure to have the latest drivers ... 2 -RRB- Then read the manual . But be careful , the instructions for XP are not accurate . But will get you in the proper direction .3 -RRB- Also , do n't forget to login as an administrator on XP before you install . -LRB- Guest access wo n't install properly -RRB- 4 -RRB- Setup and connection will require some knowledge of wireless networking . -LRB- My mother could never get it to work -RRB- .5 -RRB- Use channel 11 to prevent your phone from causing a problem .6 -RRB- Use 64bit to have better speed . -LRB- do n't forget your network key and SSID -RRB- For home use , I doubt you will need 128bit . NOTE
 I was skeptical as to how well a wireless router and network card would actually work . I tried out one card on a 2nd computer , and I have since added another card for a 3rd computer to my home network . It works ! The signal is strong . Other computers can print off the network printer without any problem . When things go wrong , you may begin to doubt your wireless network , but I have always found , it 's not my network card , it 's the cable company . I recommend this product to anyone who does not want to run cables all through the house . The only reason I did n't give it a 5 is because I am a tough grader . Oh , and one more thing ... there is usually always a rebate available on this product .
 This does everything that I want gaff tape to do . Best of all it rarely leaves a residue and if it does it 's easy enough to use tape to work off .
 I bought this at big lots on sale for $ 5 . I did n't expect much epecially the fact that there is one button and a big wheel . It 's fun to play with , but all it does is make the LP scrating noise , so do n't expect to make a big DJ career of remixing songs from buying this , but good for the mini-DJ ! You also ca n't save remixes -LRB- Just remix it again , you can make it sound the same easy . -RRB- NOTE
 This is my second Q19wb monitor and I have not had any trouble with either .
 This 19 '' widescreen monitor works well for me . It was easy to set up , the LCD color is good , and the price was acceptable.The built in speaker is poor , but I use external speakers anyway.So , no complaints at this point .
 So far I pleased with this monitor for the price . The only bad faults to it is the on board speakers are really bad . You will have to have your on speakers . It also does not have a DVI output . As far as everyday use this monitor works fine .
 this is a really nice monitor , it works well with my computer and makes everything bigger to view .
 I purchased the HP a1610n after comparing several Dell 's and HP 's , as well as performace benchmarks of Intel dual-core CPU 's and AMD dual-core CPU 's . The HP from Amazon offered the best value I could find . -LSB- ... -RSB- , not bad . I ordered it on Monday from Amazon , and it arrived on Tuesday , the next day ! And that was with Super-Saver -LRB- no cost -RRB- shipping . Setting up this PC was simple . Be aware that the mouse is the old rolling ball type , so if you want an optical mouse , you 'll need to purchase one . Also , I installed a 2nd DVD burner , and installation was not terribly eash . Apparently HP wants to make it ia little difficult in mounting non-HP drives . But I was able to do that . This PC also has 4-SATA and 2-PATA interface connectors on the motherboard . Great for using the less expensive PATA -LRB- IDE -RRB- DVD burners . There are also so many USB and Firewire ports -LRB- 4-USB rear , 2-USB front , 1-Firewire on front and 1-Firewire on back -RRB- . The 9-in-1 memory card reader was a nice bonus too . On top of all this , I ordered this PC just days before Microsoft announced the free Vista upgrade . The next day I got an email from Amazon saying even though I was n't entitled to the Microsoft free Vista upgrade , Amazon was going to send me a $ 150 upgrade coupon . I believe the upgrade cost for Vista for this PC will be $ 159 for the Home version . That was very cool of Amazon to do that . Overall , a great value . PC performs great . Uninstalled all the garbage on-line and trial stuff . Connected the 2nd DVD burner , and external USB hard-drive , a new printer , wireless adapter and router , and all worked flawlessly with the WinXP MediaEdition OS . First Windows upgrade had fifty-plus new components . They installed with no problem . Kudos to HP and Amazon for offering a good value .
 I suppose all major computer mfgs preload a lot of free trial software these days and HP sure has alot preinstalled . It takes awhile to uninstall the componets not needed but the end result is a very nice computer for the money . Very quiet and fast . I installed a new graphics card quickly to enhance our photographs . The original onboard graphics should be acceptable to most though . A very good computer for the money !
 I am happy with the new computer , only my second . I have n't decided whether to upgrade to Windows Vista since I spent a lot of time getting everything hooked up like I like it . I shopped Amazon and chose HP based on Consumer Reports .
 I am very happy with this computer . It arrived quickly and in good condition . It was very easy to set up , came with a very nice keyboard , is quite fast , and is a pleasure to use . After reading some other reviews , I decided to buy an HP monitor to go with it . Connecting the HP monitor was very easy as well .
 The computer is set up and operational . On the whole , it is working just fine . I have only one serious complaint , there is no floppy drive , despite what the technical information may say . I would strongly suggest that Amazon correct their information about the floppy drive being installed , it is not there.In spite of the absence of the floppy drive , we are pleased with the performance of the computer . It certainly has sufficient power and capacity to do what we will ask of it .
 i bought this hp a1610n after my emachine of 5 years finally gave up the ghost . i was leary of getting anything with the new vista on it , so i bought this one refurbished from the hp website . i have had nothing but problems one after the other with it since day one . the graphics card in it is `` less than satisfactory '' ... one error after another on the system itself , have horrible problems trying to uninstall ANYTHING . And tech support is non existent.To be honest . . everything i have ever purchased from hp has been a huge disappointment ... to the extent i have informed my husband to beat me severely about the head and shoulders the next time i pick up anything from hp for the shopping cart lol.From now on i believe ill recheck emachine or i will take my chances on Dell . this machine needs reformatted now and judging from the reviews , im afraid to even try . It doesnt matter how cheap something is price-wise . . if it doesnt function properly , then it is NOT worth the money . i realize that going refurbished is risky , however when it comes straight from the company , i expect minimal problems and have been VERY disappointed.in my opinion hp takes advantage of those of us that can not afford the higher priced machines , or those of us that arent technically inclined enough to make a pc do what we want it to do .
 im not ready for vista , thats why this system and add extra gig of ram is just as good as brand new system , i am very pleased
 I actually own a younger version of this , and paid about the same price as this one . I could n't be happier with Hp 's excellent desktops , I use mine -LRB- 3gz pentium -RRB- for everything from music production to film editing -LRB- im a film student -RRB- and It preforms extremely well . Heck , maby I should upgrade ... its not like its all that expensive : -RRB-
 I am very happy with this computer . It arrived quickly and in excellent condition . It was extremly easy to set up , came with a very nice keyboard , is very fast , and is a pleasure to use . I did buy an LG monitor to go with it and it 's just perfect.You can buy this excellent computer .
 This is only my second computer , as it 's replacing my 9 year old one . I was happy with Windows 98SE , but so many things wo n't run on it now . This one had the features I was looking for , and the price was right . There was a lot of unnecessary software preinstalled . I checked some of them out , and one or two wo n't open , like Snapfish . And I have gotten several `` error `` messages , then the program closes . I do n't know if that is HP or Windows fault.But it is pretty fast , and I like the easy access ports . I did n't have any trouble hooking up my other hardware or software . I still want to install my other DVD drive though . Hope it 's not too difficult . Yes , a floppy would be nice , so would a XP disk .
 I love this computer ! My dad bought it to replace our old slow computer and it 's awesome ! The colors are vivid and the Media Center is excellent - I have used it to make horrible pictures look beautiful . It 's super fast . This is , in my opinion , the best computer in our home . Please note that we own a Mac and this computer . I regularly use both and this computer is far superior . I ca n't wait for our free upgrade to Microsoft Windows Vista Home Premium to come in the mail because once we install it our computer will be even better -LRB- currently I do n't think that 's possible -RRB- . Buy this computer ! You will not regret it ! ; -RRB-
 I have been pleased with the product , I have n't had any problems with the functionality of the enclosure . However when I assembled it , one of the snaps on one of the sides did n't close all the way , so I had to modify it -LRB- with an exacto knife -RRB- to get it to snap completely .
 i got these sub 's to go with my kenwood KAC-XR1 2400 WATT AMP they take every bit of it . these are the cleanst sounding sub 's i have ever had and i have had alot they shake the hell out of you when your in the truck they just dont have the low low bass like a normal sub has but for as littel as they are they still hit pretty dam good .
 This was purchased to be used in my truck as a back massager lol . Well worth the money and will fit in several places requiring no special installation .
 I 've had other shallow depth subs and this one wins hands down . Give them some serious juice and you wo n't be disappointed . I 've had them under the rear seat of a Tundra and Dodge Ram and they make for a wonderful vibramassage seat .
 This is the second subwoofer I have bought in this model and am very happy with it , the quality and bass is absolutely amazing especially for a shallow mount , performs just as good and better than a lot of regular mount subwoofers .
 I was really undecided on which subs I wanted to install in my truck . I did an endless amount of research before purchasing these subs . The Excelon series by Kenwood was rated very high for low profile 12 '' subs . They have been perfect for the application I had to work with . The Bass is plenty and i have had friends give comments on the tight clean bass the produce .
 Went from kicker comps to these in my 2010 sierra crewcab mounted under rear seat . Speakers sound amazing and really hit harder than i expected . Five *
 I just bought these a couple days ago and couldnt be happier with them . They bump so hard for shallow subs and have killer bass . Put two in a regular cab silverado and fit perfect with a custom box and bump way harder than expected from them . Way to go kenwwod these are great !!!!!
 I 'm using this 0.79 wide angle lens on a Nikon P7000 , and it is so huge it makes the camera look like a tiny P&S. ; With a metal adapter and a step-up ring -LRB- the lens has a detachable 58mm ring on it -RRB- , it provides a great look on the camera and even better photographs.This is some fairly serious glass , and the one problem I 've had is finding a way to protect the 92mm front end of this lens . It does not take any light away from your underlying lens , so you can use it in any circumstance or condition required . For me , this means I take it in very close , where I must be able to get full perspective with having the option to step five feet away . The end results are pretty amazing , and I am enjoying this lens fully . It produces wonderful results for architectural purposes , allowing full view of detail along with -LRB- adjusted -RRB- perspective.I 've not been able to view distortion in photographs -LRB- aside , of course , from what you would expect at the fringes of the photograph -RRB- , and the simplest Photoshop correction straightens out anything you would wish to straighten , leaving absolutely level lines and no noticeable chromatic aberration or other distortion . For fun , I 've removed the included 58mm adapter ring and hooked this up with a much cheaper .45 x 58mm lens to produce rather outrageous wide angles photographs which take my 28mm lens to ridiculous places.A note on my claim regarding chromatic aberration
 Good quality ink at a very good price . I hope to be a returning customer .
 Analise Glover was a young , brilliant , yet `` different '' child with a promising career ahead of her until she meets Nathan Rhodes , a professor at Callenwolde University where her parents have sent her to study linguistics . Noticing her brilliance in the art of words , languages , and understanding them , Nathan takes her under his wings , convinces her that her work is n't good enough , and tells her to change her major to psychology . He encloses her in his world , belittling her and brainwashing her to believe she has no one but him to turn to.One dreadful night years later , she catches him in the midst of something so horrible , she flees to a cabin he once took her to . He follows her and when they confront each other , a big fight ensues . The end result is that he loses control of the gun , it goes off and when she awakens , he is dead . Analise calls her only friend to help her dispose of the body.Years later , Analise has turned herself into Dr. Erin Abbott , a criminal psychology professor at a college in New Orleans . She 's hid herself under a shroud of frumpy clothing and refused to let anyone get close to her . When she receives a letter filled with obituaries and clues detailing several murders , she knows her past is back to haunt her and takes the information to the police . Unfortunately , they do n't really believe her and why a killer would single her out leaving her clues that she claims only she can see.Reporter / Journalist Gabriel Moss , on the other hand , is sure that her story of the ABC Murders will save his dying newspaper . Thrusting himself in her life , he immediately sees through her charade and wants to find out what she 's hiding . Their partnership is set amidst lies and secrets , yet they join forces to find the killer . What ensues is an emotional race against time to identify and stop the killer from adding victims to his list.Action-packed and suspenseful , Selena Montgomery immediately draws in the reader and keeps a consistent hold through the pages of NEVER TELL . Going from the present to the past and back again , we 're able to relive Erin 's earlier life and find out exactly why she 's holding tight to her secrets . The sensual attraction between Erin and Gabriel fits perfectly and allows us to see all dimensions of their character . What I really loved about the story was the suspense . While reading , you have no idea who the killer is until you actually read it once it 's revealed . Additionally , Montgomery has written a story that transcends race and lands solidly as a book I 'd recommend to anyone.Reviewed by Tee C. Royalof The RAWSISTAZ Reviewers
 If you are looking for an exciting romantic thriller to add scintilation to your summer , then look no further -- Never Tell is the perfect secret !!! I will sum up my recommendation in two words
 This is a great book ! The only reason it took me two days to read it was , I had to get some sleep . I have the BET novels by this author , and have been anxiously awaiting this mainstream mystery . I was not disappointed ! I enjoy a book with an intelligent storyline , and if I am able to learn something it is a double bonus . The description of the linguistics field was very interesting . The switch up on the standard profile of a serial killer was great ! I think the ending might have been a little thin , and rushed , but it did not change my overall opinion of the book . I can now add another sister to my ` sister sleuth ' writers list . Good job Ms. Montgomery
 Searching for the perfect summer book ? Look no further than Never Tell . Selena Montgomery deftly weaves action , mystery and romance into an irresistable story that will keep you turning the pages late into the evening . So pour yourself a cool drink , find a spot on the sand , and indulge your appetite for storytelling with this delicious new book by one of the best young novelists out there .
 I found this book during a frantic search for summer beach material . I did n't recognize the author , but the haunting eye staring out from the cover convinced me to pick it up . Thank heavens ! Ms. Montgomery is a superb writer , one who draws the reader inside the lives of her characters with such ease that you feel like you 've known Erin and Gabe forever . With creative cast of secondary characters -LRB- who hopefully will return -RRB- , she weaves a chilling tale of murder , mystery and romance as well as trauma , betrayal and redemption -- devastating combinations . That Ms. Montgomery loves language is obvious , but that she makes a summer reader feel smart and entertained at the same time is a tremendous skill -LRB- think Dan Brown or Patricia Cornwell -RRB- . I wo n't recount the story because it 's pretty well explained already , but I can promise you that you will rush out to buy all of her other titles . I just finished `` Rules of Engagement , '' her first book , and I now have new favorite author . Ignore the covers of her earlier books . Her characters transcend race and the romance genre . She 's a fabulous storyteller and I am on to `` The Art of Desire . '' I will enjoy the summer !
 In California , when Analise Glover attended school , she looked up to Linguistics expert Professor Nathan Rhodes until he stole her work . When she confronted him , he tried to kill her , but she survived killing him instead . Her friend gets her out of there , but not before he tosses the body into the sea.A few years later , Analise uses the name of Dr. Erin Abbott , a criminal psychology professor at Burdeen University in the New Orleans area . She receives a package containing five obits of people who were murdered and she soon sees a pattern that links the name to the murder weapon and ultimately back to Nathan . She reports her finding , but the police write her off as a quack . However , overhearing the discussion , Bayou Ledger reporter-owner Gabriel Moss thinks he might have a story to save his fledgling newspaper in the professor and the `` ABC murders '' . Reluctantly Erin agrees to partner with Gabe to uncover the identity of a killer as she expects to be the last victim . As they work together , they fall in love , but she feels that she could never stay with anyone permanently because of all the traumas she suffered.Romantic suspense readers will not only appreciate this exciting serial killer romance , but will also tell peers how good an author Selena Montgomery is . The story line is fast-paced and filled with action as Erin deciphers the clues that the culprit sends her way . She struggles to identify the murderer as the evidence points to Nathan who is a dead man . However , no one else could know what the killer knows except Nathan and her . She also does n't know what to do about her growing love for Gabe.Harriet Klausner
 As the typical smart person bombarded by books , TV , and movies , it is pretty hard to surprise me with the identity of the `` bad guy '' at the end of the story . Selena Montgomery tricks me more than once throughout this book , which is quite a feat ! Not to mention , I learned a few words . I love her heroine , who is beautiful despite herself -LRB- would n't we all like our natural beauty to shine like that ? -RRB- and who is not afraid to use her intelligence to pursue the life she wants and protect herself . Yet another wonderful thriller from Ms. Montgomery , this book had me staying up way too late b/c I kept going on to the next chapter !
 NEVER TELL is an edge of your seat murder-mystery-romance thriller , uniting criminal psychology professor , Dr Erin Abbott , with Pulitzer Prize winning journalist and news paper owner , Gabriel Moss . Both are on the trail of a killer preying on the men and women of New Orleans in what is dubbed the `` ABC Murders '' . I was totally absorbed by the time the twisted motive and killers identity was revealed . This book proves Ms. Montgomery is truly fine tuning her craft.As the city of New Orleans becomes a pawn for a killers bizarre plan of retribution . Dr. Erin Abbott finds her anonymity threatened when she begins to receive mail containing clues that cleaverly links the past she wants to forget , with seemingly random murders within the city.Initially , Erin tries to report her knowledge to the police without revealing her connection , but she nor her theory are given credibility . Gabriel Moss 's gut reaction to the details he overhears is not so easy for him to dismiss . He is positive the good doctor is harboring more than her ability to decipher the abstract evidence.Although police disregard her claim , Erin is locked in a game of words with a killer playing out their revenge . As Gabe follows Erin for the story he 's sure will be big , she is not eager for his attention to the case or to her . But while seeking to uncover the story behind the ABC Murders and save his struggling Ledger , Gabe also hopes to uncover the beauty the good doctor is hiding beneath her ill fitting and unfashionable attire.As the horror of Erin 's past is reflected in the terror of the present , I felt the victims fear as realization of their impending death permeated their final thoughts . I visualized Nathan 's indelible paranoia escalate in witness to Analise 's linguistic genius . I cried for Analise who sought the acceptance and security of her demented captor . I felt the despair of this unique prodigee ' whose gift amazed the greatest scholars . I applauded Sebastian 's love and loyality for the lifelong bond nearly destroyed by envy and jealousy . I admired Gabriel 's committment to protect the woman he loved from the secret of her past . I was overjoyed when Erin finally found a love that would cherish and heal her for all time.BRAVO , Selena . I also recommend Rules of Engagement .
 Never Knowing had your heart going THUMP THUMP from beginning to end . From the mysterious Dr. Erin Abbott aka Analise to the irrestible Mr. Gabriel Moss!I do not want to give anything away but you will never guess who the killer turns out to be ... so go read it for yourself!Awesome job , Ms. Montgomery there is nothing like a good suspense and love story all in one!I am looking forward to the next one!A Serious FanD . Bullock-Gamble
 This item is used but to me it 's looks new . The previous really took good care of it and shipped fast to me . I felt his or her trust and I think I 'm gon na keep checking more items .
 Product was exactly as advertised and delivery took only three days which was two weeks better than what was scheduled . I 'm very satisfied with the product and service and would definitely order this item from Amazon again .
 When I did my research on what new 1080P Flat panel to pick up , I realized it was a no-brainer to pick up this Mitsubishi LT-52133 . It not only is the best priced 52 '' LCD on the market , but it has absolutely exceptional picture quality , brilliant colors , deep blacks and whites , all while supporting the new color standard , x.v. color . It has an ultra thin bezel giving it a very sleek look.Like most LCD panels that are subject to `` juddering '' , the 133 is no exception . This is because , of course , when you 're basically playing a movie that plays back in 24FPS on a TV that only displays in 30FPS , you will constantly notice a `` juddering '' when the image on the screen is ANYTHING but still . Of course it is n't a problem when the camera is focused on one scene . But , as soon as the camera begins to pan out or move , you notice juddering -LRB- subtle choppiness in the frames -RRB- . And believe me , this is n't just exclusive to fast action scenes , where the 120HZ technology claims to fix , it happens ANYTIME a camera pans across a scene . Again , to fix the juddering , manufacturers have come up with the 120HZ technology that fixes any juddering by taking an `` average '' frame between 2 frames and intelligently calculates scenes to eliminate judder . Believe me , it makes ALL the difference.So , even though the 133 is significantly cheaper than its 144 counterpart -LRB- the only difference being that the 144 has the 120HZ technology -RRB- , I would advise going with the LT-52144 . Both have come down in price , but with such a big ticket purchase , the 144 is the way to go . But , if you have a certain budget , the 133 is a great TV that matches or beats out any top end SONY or SHARP LCD .
 Picture is very good on HD , just ok on SD -LRB- but this is pretty common for HDTV sets -RRB- . My biggest gripe is the audio is kind of ` tinny ' . You can avoid this by using your stereo system , but sometimes you just want to turn on the news and watch . Overall , good set for a very good price .3 / 17/09
 The Mitsubishi was superior in sharpness and vivid color to all the other major brands I looked at and the amazon price was lower than any other.The service was great -- prompt undamaged inside the home delivery .
 I am a HDTV addict but refuse to buy the `` latest & gratest '' . I have 5 HDTV sets from a 32 '' to a 120 '' projection setup that range from 1080i to 1080p but this set is by far the best picture of the bunch . I purchased this unit to put in a plasma lift cabinet that was designed to hold `` up to '' a 50 '' plasma but I prefer the look of LCD over plasma . I was going to put a 47 '' LCD in it but when I found this slim 52 '' I had to see if it would fit . Not only did it fit - it is now my favorite set in my home .
 This is a great tv for the price . This review is based on out-of-the-box setup.PROS
 Although the case is large and quite bulky , it does protect the document camera , and that is the whole point ! The product is a bit pricey , would 've liked to find a better priced case , unfortunately I could not . If you have a document camera , then this is a good case for you . Especially if you are using it to lock up your document camera . I would imagine that it would be difficult to carry this case around daily .
 I have had it for two months now . The picture in Hi-Def is so good it is like sitting in a movie theater with the clarity of film . I really believe this DLP has a more realistic looking picture than LED or Plasma screens . The LED 's and/or Plasma screens may , and I do say `` may '' be a bit crisper or clearer , but I feel they have an animated look like the flat screen computer monitors seem to have . My friend bought a 42 '' Samsung plasma TV just recently . He came over and saw my 73 '' screen the other day and said , WOW that looks so clear and the colors are richer and the picture is seemingly as clear and crisp as his 42 '' which is hard to believe because the WD734 is 21 '' larger and is a projector TV . He said , it seems to look more real as well . I said I agree I agree . I could tell he started doing a bit of second guessing as to whether he had made the right purchase . I.e. could have had a BIGGER picture , still be SUPER CLEAR , and have those Deep Rich Colors and at half the price of a comparable sized LED or PLASMA . Keep in mind the last time I looked without spending -LSB- ... -RSB- you ca n't even get a 73 '' Hi-Def flat screen . So you can only compare the WD73734 to the newly emerging 65 '' flat screens at about 4k and up . Here is another example of how great of a picture my WD73734 has . I have a 35 '' Sony Wega 1080 Tube TV which are known industry wide as maybe the very best in tube pictures . It is now a few years old . I used to look at that picture and compare it to my Hitachi Ultravision non-digital projection TV which for its day was considered by Television Service Experts to be hands down the finest picture out there for the projection TV 's . The model is a 61SBX59b . The Sony Tube Picture was definitely a better picture by a noticeable margin ; after all it is a real CRT tube . But now when I look at the Sony after watching my Mitsubishi WD73734 , I look at the Sony and think to myself ; what is wrong with the Sony Picture ? It appears dull and a bit fuzzy . It is then that I realize , nothing is wrong , but it looks like there is compared to the WD73734 ... The WD73734 is so clear and the colors are so deep and real ... The WD73734 is really AMAZING ... When you shop around do realize the WD73734 is not being made anymore and is being phased out and replaced by the WD73735 model . So the 734 can be had for an average of -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks cheaper . The 735 Does have the 3D ready port , which from my study seems to be the only PLUS to the TV
 I got the Mitsubishi 73 '' DLP HDTV with the stand . I received them on Monday but unfortuneatly the stand was broken . Amazon sent another right away and upgraded my shipping for free . They shipped it on Tuesday and I got it on Friday/yesterday . Anyway got the behemoth set up and ran Surfs Up in BluRay . Awesome . Tried Terminator 2 BluRay , awesome . next was Serenity in HD-DVD . Equally awesome . When my wife got home we put in Pirates of the caribbean , Dead Curse of the Black Pearl . We were floored . This is in my opinion the best TV you can buy . Nothing else can touch this model for this size and price , nothing . Our Movie theater days are officially over.Oh I also cranked up our Wii system and there 's nothing better than Wii bowling on a 73 '' TV .
 I have now owned this TV for over a year and all I can say is awesome !! Plenty of HDMI inputs , awesome picture quality * -LRB- even in SD -RRB- and fantastic size that gets a WOW every time
 Hands down if your considering getting this tv , stop looking any further . There 's a reason this tv has had RAVE reviews against all others . I spent 3 months researching tv 's to buy and my journey started and ended here . Mitsubishi in my opinion is the best company for tv 's out there . The picture is INSANE everyone I know with plasmas & LCDs that are in aww over my tv . So stop searching and pull the trigger , you wo n't regret it !!!!!
 Great product . We have had it for about 9 months and the picture and quality of the tv is great . We get more compliments from friends on the clarity of the picture and ease of using the product . The entire package including the Samsung DVD and base for the tv are highly recommended . Delivery was fast and easy .
 I 've had this TV for over a year and it 's wonderful . I 've never had a problem with fan noise as others have mentioned or bulbs . The picture quality is phenominal . Blu-Ray and HD DVD 's are breathtaking . I have DirecTV HD package so it does make a huge difference . I love this TV and it 's a steal for the price . My brother and son have the same TV and both feel the same . I highly recommend this TV to anyone . Everyone who visits is amazed at the picture quality . The ESPN and Baseball/Sports HD quality is unreal .
 Read the specs , read the reviews then bought the TV . Everything was as advertised or commented upon , including the somewhat difficult to figure out remote -LRB- which is the only reason I did n't give this 5 stars -RRB- . Was initially a bit overwhelmed by the picture , I sit around 14 feet away from the screen but quickly found myself adapting to the picture size and enjoying the clarity and color offered . Missed the SuperBowl but did watch the ProBowl and it was as amazing as I had hoped . I 'm not a techno type so all the specs confuse me quickly but from a `` laypersons '' viewpoint , I could n't be happier with my purchase . No fan noise detectable to me , the sound system is not a strong point and trying to hook up my Bose system to the set with the directions supplied -LRB- By Bose -RRB- has been impossible but I also have a 7.1 Receiver sitting on the bench waiting it 's turn . Delivery was fine , it was `` curb side '' -LRB- actually they did bring it into the garage -RRB- but it was also free and with the price I paid , I was more than happy to do the unpacking and lifting with a friend . Would do it again in a heart beat .
 I bought the Mitsubishi 73 '' in June 2006 , had it for a year with AWESOME results . Sold my house and the guy who bought it loved the TV so much that he wanted to buy it with the house . Bought a new house and bought the latest 73 '' mitsu available -LRB- 73734 -RRB- , and I 've had it now for about 3 months ... better than ever . I 've had about 5 friends buy the same TV after seeing how awesome this set is . You feel like you 're at the game with this awesome tv . I never take the time to write reviews ... but this TV is worth it . For under $ 3k ... best tv for the money .
 Item was shipped sooner than was promised . Delivery men were very helpful and cooperative . Television works very well , no problems and we are very satisfied . We also ordered the stand ... the earthquake strap did not come in the package , but we contacted customer relations and it is being shipped to us separately . We expect to get it with the same service .
 I have had this TV for about a month now , and I am still in awe ! It 's like having your own movie theater at home . The pictures on regular stations do sometimes seem a little pixil-ated , but the HD stations and Bluray movies are just incredible . I read some negative reviews about the fans being noisy , but I have never heard them . I also read about problems with the bulb going and having to wait 3-4 months for replacement , so I hope that doesnt become an issue . Overall , though , I think it was worth every penny . They even brought it upstairs , and took all the packaging with them so I didnt even have to unpack it . Everyone that sees it is in awe of the size and picture . My kids bring friends over just to show them .
 I checked out the online reviews , customer reviews , looked at the local Best Buy and Circuit City showrooms , and was really impressed with the Mitz 73 '' behemouth . The local showrooms had it down to under $ 3 grand , but I still could n't pull the trigger . On my way home , I stopped my a local movie rental store run by a friend that also worked on televisions and used to sell them . To my surprise , he was back in the business and had chosen Mitz and a couple other brands to sell . He beat the deals offered by the other stores , and spent most of a Friday afternoon installing it with a theatre sound system . Gave me a seminar on how to work it , and then came back after the sat . dish was installed to balance the color and sound . Some of the other reviews on this set were n't very complementary , maybe because it has n't been professionally installed . My wife and I have given up on going to the movies , and with the money we 're saving -LRB- $ 30 a week for tickets , popcorn and drinks -RRB- we can pay this system off while it 's still interest free .
 I purchased the Mitsubishi WD-73734 about a month ago & I love it ! I had owned a Mitsubishi 55 '' HD Television for several years - It still works great-in fact I have never had any repair service done to it.However , because it is an early CRT type model - it did n't have the HDMI connections which are a must if you want to watch Full 1080p High Definition.Out of the box-the WD-73734 needs some adjustments -LRB- as any TV would -RRB- to the menu settings - especially the Contrast & Brightness need to be tuned down a bit - not only will this give you a GREAT PICTURE , it will help prolong the life of the DLP Lamp.Some reviewers mentioned fan noise - I have n't noticed any at all.We sit about 9ft . from the television , however you could sit closer.I would highly recommend to purchase the matching 73B TV stand because the pedestal of the WD-73734 hides away neatly in the top of the stand for a Awesome home theatre setup.As other reviewers have said - the sound from the speakers of the WD-73734 are n't very good - but I 'm sure most people will have a 5.1 or better reciever hooked up.This was my first LARGE purchase from Amazon , and I have to admit that delivery of everything went very smooth & I would do it again
 Ive had this TV about a month now , and I love it ! Minor flaws if you can call them that are standard tv resolution looks a bit pixelated at close range , but beyond 10 feet it is much much less noticable . The auto sensing for inputs gets a hicup once in a great while , the menu will pop up showing what im watching as a new input . Just got ta press exit and it goes away.Other then that i absolutly love this TV !!! Sports in HD is great , and plenty of inputs to hook up just about anything you want.EDIT
 The only thing I can say is wow !!! Our last TV was a 70 inch Mitsubishi that got zapped when a lightning storm came through.This TV has amazing color , is quiet , does an incredible job with non hi-def signals , the viewing angle is great , and simply put ... . the TV has great room presence.We ordered the TV on Saturday , it shipped from PA on Monday , and we received it in perfect condition in OK on Saturday.If you are wondering about this TV , I highly recommend it .
 I own a Panasonic 26in HDTV , -LRB- LCD -RRB- A 50in Vizio HDTV -LRB- Plasma -RRB- , a 55in Hatachi Ultravision TV -LRB- Rear Projection -RRB- , Epson Projector -LRB- not the 1080p -RCB- and a 73in Mitsubishi -LRB- Box Model Rear Projection -RCB- ... Except for the Old Ultravision , these TV have exceptional images ... so I thought ... until I got This DLP ! Where are they getting this Technology ? With this Mit you have to hook it up to HD sources to understand how truly unique it really is ... It 's a 1080p TV but it will upscale 480i , p to the point where you cant tell its not 1080p . However , when you Hook it to a HD satellite DVR Receiver , -LRB- or a Cable Company HD Box -RCB- a HD or Blu-Ray DVD player and a Stereo System Capable of a HDMI connection . . your movie going days are over ! The TV has AI thats unbelievable , it recgonizes anything thats hooked to it and gives you options of how you want to set it up ... it insantly tells you what channels are 480 or 1080 , but the most amazing thing of all is the Picture ! No screendoor effect and the resolution and colors are simply unbelievable once you have everything hooked to HD sources and the Colors set right . You have a choice between Natural , Bright and Brillant ... Brillant is the Place to be ! NFL , Movies and regular TV will never be the same . Plasma , LCD all the others , your days are numbered . Theres no comparsion if the DLP is properly set up ... Did I mention PC , PS3 and XBox-360 ? Hookups a breeze . You aint never Fragged until you Frag in 1080p on a 73in TV !! On the Downside
 First off , the picture is AWESOME . . The set looks sharp and the Netcommand once setup make life so easy for my wife . There are a few issues . Only 2 Color Temp Settings , Switching from one video input to another takes 10 + seconds as the set tries to figure out the Resolution . Sound out of the TV is only fair at best but most people will have a home theater so not a big issue . WAF -LRB- Wife Approval Factor -RRB- is off the charts . Several reviewers talked about excessive FAN noise , Not an issue with the unit I got . The only downside is that due to the Massive 73 '' screen , poor video looks Bad as any artifacts or compression become more noticable . On the plus side , Standard TV -LRB- 480p -RRB- looks alot better then I feared . Not sure about Lamp Life as the set is only 2 weeks old . Construction appears solid dispite the thin borders.Conclusion
 It 's better than my previous mouse which was some 10 dollar Logitech mouse . And the extra buttons on the side are also helpful . I think this mouse is good for it 's price . The only thing I could really complain about the mouse is when scrolling with the scroll wheel it 's easy to accidentally click the scroll wheel button , and sometimes , I think when I scrolled , it continue to scroll like ... The ... I do n't know . Just the scroll wheel can be kinda frustrating . But that 's it . Scroll wheel is not too big of a problem really . :-RRB- Also , the LED in the back of the mouse is bright in a dark room . Lol . So , I have to turn it around so I can sleep .
 I bought a new Explorer 3.0 mouse to replace one that I wore out with four years of hard use , I like the Fwd and Back buttons on the left side convenient to use with your thumb .
 De acuerdo a lo que andaba buscando . Es practico , las funciones atras-adelante para el pulgar estan buenisimas . Lo mejor
 I am thrilled with this mouse , a few extras are added since the one before this one
 Product arrived in a short time . Works very well . I 'm very satisfied with the complete transaction .
 I first started using this mouse at work . I liked it so much I had to find it online so I could use it at home , too . It 's very comfortable and responsive . I highly recommend this mouse .
 This is my third one in probably five or six years . The left click button seems to go bad on these after a lot of use . It will double click when you want to single click.Great mouse for gaming and fits my larger hand pretty good . When this one goes I will purchase another . They are that good .
 The intellimouse was much needed and it works great and is just what I wanted . I would recommend it to others .
 I ordered this item in February of 2008 and it 's survived a few moves , being thrown in boxes , being used every day , etc. . Hardy little guy . The scroll wheel is now getting a bit crunky , but this is still one of the most solid mice I 've ever used , and I would n't hesitate to buy one again if this one wears out .
 I had to buy a PS/2 mouse because of a legacy KVM switchbox . This mouse tracks very well and I like it , but I find that I hit the right mouse button by mistake very often . I have never had this issue with any other mouse I 've owned . It may be a personal thing , but it prevents me from giving this mouse a higher rating.I 'm not a gamer so I 'm not sure how it performs under heavy fire . I am having trouble with the erroneous right-clicks during regular web surfing and routine desktop work , so I imagine it could be disastrous if I was firing a secondary weapon with it : -RRB- I would have gotten a Logitech mouse if I 'd found one I 'd liked . This mouse is not bad . I 'm gradually getting used to the sensitivity of the right button . I 've owned it now for about three months . I have no other issues . The color is nice . It does not feel totally natural in my hand the way the Logitech mice do.I just grabbed the mouse and it right-clicked again : -LRB- EDIT
 I have been using the Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 for several years and I absolutely love it . I have looked at other mice but always find this mouse more comfortable . It 's not loaded with buttons or special features like some gaming mice but it still has enough buttons for most gamers . This mouse has the scroll wheel button , two buttons on the left side , and of course the left - and right-click buttons . The mouse works on all of the surfaces I have put them on which include different mouse pads , plastic , and wood.This is my second Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 and I will explain why I had to buy a new one after several years of use . With my desk , the cords have to stretch a long length -LRB- it 's a big desk ! -RRB- , and I tend to remove my computer tower fairly often because I 'm always adding/replacing hardware parts or connecting peripherals to the back IO panel . When I pulled the tower out so I could disconnect everything on the back this would pull my mouse back and when I went to go reconnect everything I had to pull on the mouse to bring it to the front of the desk and sometimes the cord would get stuck . Of course , I pulled on the mouse and not the cord which caused the cord where it connects to the mouse to get loose over many years of doing this and eventually it stopped working if I did n't keep pushing the cord into the mouse . This could happen to any mouse if you have a person like me who uses it . : -RRB- The new Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 is a little cheaper than the old Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 , but they look almost the same . For one , the buttons on the side are now plastic and have no rubber on them anymore . The scroll wheel seems cheaper and what I mean by that is the wheel makes a `` clunking '' sound when scrolling up but it 's not as bad when scrolling down . This is a minor issue and would not stop me from recommending this mouse to 90 % of gamers or computer users out there .
 This is a really comfortable mouse to use , and it moves around most flat surfaces quite well . The thumb buttons are wiggly , which is weird but they work just fine . The cord is kind of ridiculously long , especially when working with in on a laptop . Overall though , very pleased with this mouse !
 I play Counter Strike 1.6 , World of Warcraft , and other games . This mouse is really good for FPS games and any other game . It 's very accurate , comfortable , and glides pretty well on any mousepad . The only reason I give 4 stars is because Steelseries Xai is a much more accurate mouse than this one , but it 's more expensive .
 Very good mouse for that price i.m just lovin it , CS 1.6 running just fine with it + 5L steelseries pad !
 This mouse feels amazing to use , for both regular PC use and gaming . I ca n't explain how happy I am with this mouse , especially at it 's current $ 32 price.It 's very lightweight , so that might influence your opinion . I was surprised how much more I preferred a light mouse , especially after I did n't mind the configurable weights on the Logitech G500.It 's also fairly large . I have medium-to-small sized hands , so I 've usually avoided larger mice . This mouse was a pleasant surprise however , as it 's easy to use despite the size . I 'm guessing this is due to the weight , but I ca n't be certain.In short , it 's accurate , comfortable , and a pleasure to use - at a price that 's well worth it .
 I 'm a huge FPS gamer and this one tracks well . 400DPI and I 'm a low-ingame-sensitivity user so I do n't seek more than 400DPI . I could care less on other gaming mice , but if you are a serious FPS and FPS-only gamer , this is a go-getter . This mouse glides well on almost every surface , perfect with my SteelSeries QcK . No wonder why this is preferred by most gamers .
 Worked as advertised . Most comfortable I can find . Would be nice if it was a little less smooth , but generally great .
 I have owned another MS Intellimouse before but not this version , I will start by saying that the previous mouse lasted for a very long time and that is including all the wear and tear from gaming that was used on it , so I am expecting and looking forward too that same durability with this mouse . I have big hands and the size of this mouse fits perfect in my hands , the only awkward thing is the other 2 buttons on the side in which I find myself occasionally hitting by mistake which makes the browser go back a page , but you do have the option to reassign or unassigned those buttons if they get to be too much a hassle . The optical part of this mouse is just perfect , as a fact I have n't owned a mouse with a ball since the optical mouse was first introduced , that used too really bugs me to have too clean a mouse while in the middle of a great game and this problem has been long gone with this type of mouse . All in all this is a great product and Amazon free shipping did n't take as long as it was projected to arrive , and if I had too buy it all over again I would buy this mouse .
 I spend an inordinate amount of money on computer input devices , and this is my favorite mouse . It is simple , and does a simple job very well.Pros : - Very comfortable and ergonomic . The button placement is ideal . - Does n't require special drivers . This avoids a lot of headaches -LRB- good Linux support , for example -RRB- . Cons : - Only 400dpi . This is not an ideal gaming mouse . I use it on my work computer , so the sensitivity is perfectly adequate for me.Other things to consider : - It 's a wired mouse . - It only has 5 buttons , and no left/right tilt on the scroll wheel . - Right handed only .
 Hands down the Microsoft Intellimouse 3.0 is the best option when it comes to gaming , mainly for first person shooters.The mouse fits perfectly in your hand , rarely you 'll find it too big or too short . The design is great . The weight is perfect , not very heavy and not super light which translates into much more accuracy . There are other mouses in the market with much more buttons . However , those extra buttons are only useful for select games , MMORPGs mostly , like World of Warcraft.The 3.0 has nothing to envy to other mouses from Razer or Steelseries . Truth is the Intellimouse is been around since almost the beginning of Counter-Strike , Quake , and other popular FPS games , and it 's still rocking . Other gaming mouses may offer a more fashionable design , but that 's that . They will also be much more costly than the 3.0 . Many professional gaming organizations currently are being sponsored by either Razer or Steelseries , in result , you will get to see Razer and SS products in every major gaming event . Those players are obligated to use the products and it is not necessarily because they think it 's the best option , at all . Do n't let this to interfere with your purchase . If you want to have the best gaming mouse to excel and improve your game , the Intellimouse is the answer , and the price is very reasonable.I gave four stars out of five to durability because the reason I bought the 3.0 again was because my last one died . You have to be careful with the cable , and I was n't .
 Five button mouse is great for browsing the Internet or gaming . The side buttons are great for paging back and forth on the Web . Probably not as good for left handed people . Microsoft make a durable product .
 Do n't know if they still make this mouse so I bought a couple because it works great .
 I 've been using Microsoft Intellimouse -LRB- mice -RRB- 3.0 for years . Great response , not a micro sized mouse , so works well for people who are working CAD all day or gamers who need great precision . Do n't even bother with the cordless , stay corded and reliable .
 &#2951; Fuzzy Wuzzy 's Summary : &#1150; &#1150; &#1150; &#1150; &#1150; Highly recommended with warm fuzzies!I finally bought another one of these to replace the same Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 mouse that came with an Alienware computer that I bought way back in 2003 . Starting last year in 2008 , it started getting erratic with both the left and right buttons . The left button would sometimes give double clicks when I clicked on something once , and the right button would sometimes not maintain its hold while I clicked-and-dragged within a graphics program . The two side buttons never had any problems ; but then again , they are far less used then the top left and right buttons . The double click problem was tamed somewhat by adjusting the `` Double-Click Speed '' in the mouse settings , but the sporadic misfires by both left and right buttons became annoying enough that I bought a replacement . Both on my previous old mouse and its new replacement , on-screen tracking and precision are , and have always been , excellent . Ahhh ... life is good again.I have been using this same mouse model since 2003 with a3M Precise Mousing Surface with 3M Gel Wrist Rest Blue Water Design 8.71 in x 9.21 inand , combined with the mousepad 's built-in gel wrist rest and adjusting my chair height , I feel totally locked into both this mouse and my keyboard at my desk . This mouse fits my hand perfectly . If you have small hands and/or if your chair is too low or your desk is too high so that you have to cock your wrist upward to use the mouse , you may find the mouse 's fit to be too large for you . Lately , it seems that all of the manufacturers are making even far-larger-sized futuristic-looking mice that look like a miniature Darth Vader sitting in a Ferrari . Some of these mice are marketed to hardcore gamers . I have tried all of the really fancy mice out at the stores , but keep preferring this model still . And I cringe at the thought of spending more than $ 30-40 for a mouse ; I do not need a custom paint job and flashing lighting effects on my mouse , thank you.As with any mouse or keyboard , do n't just read the reviews . You need to actually try holding the mouse in a store to see if its shape , size , button clicking , and wheel scrolling all appeal to you specifically .
 I am very happy !! i do n't have any problem , everything is okay , i recommend , i got this item at time
 This is the third MS Explorer I have had . All of them have been reliable and worked great . I only replace them when they become worn out due to so much use ! A good , dependable product , useable on almost any surface .
 An old standby that sadly is out of production . They last for years and work great . I wish they still made them .
 Now it is 64 $ ? wow too expensive now ...
 I have large hands and this always fits them perfectly . I use this with the qck + heavy which is a great mousepad for use with the mouse
 Still one of the best wired mice around , Microsoft does not disappoint in its trusted reliability for older computer users .
 I really have no words for this thing . The original intellimouse 3.0 -LRB- before it was popular -RRB- was insurmountably high quality . I had two . One that lasted for a decade ... I do n't know where it ended up . The other I foolishly gave away -LRB- still new in box ! -RRB- to a friend . I miss them so ... The newer models are still good , but now that they are popular there is money to be made ! Build quality is down , and I 've experienced a higher level of faults -LRB- anything is higher than the original with a grand total of none -RRB- . Still , best mouse I 've ever used . Ever . Period . Perfect fit , perfect amount of buttons , perfect texture and grip ... just perfect.For my own sanity , I keep 5 on hand at any time . I have one from 4 years ago that has started to suffer a click reproduction problem . Click once , registeres 4-5 clicks -LRB- great for no RoF capped weapons ; not so great for everything else -RRB- . I have one on my desk still tie wrapped . I have 3 new in box sitting on a shelf.Now , before anyone gets too excited let me just say this . If you are a gamer , the gear does n't matter too much . I 've beaten people with fancy water cooled , mad overclocked 100 + FPS uncapped PCs -LRB- HL1 days -RRB- with fancy $ 200 keyboards and $ 200 Razor mice -LRB- again HL1 days -RRB- . They were tweaking this setting and that ... I claimed championships with a $ 30 intellimouse and a stock keyboard with 6 N-key roll on some mediocre laptop built for productivity . For the most part , it 's the player , mentality , and training style . So many people do n't have that Champion spirit , and it is n't like it is a big secret . You have to play to improve not to win . Playing to win means you 'll take shortcuts . Shortcuts can be exploited by a true master who has learned to deal with any and every situation , no matter how stacked . The crutch used to win becomes the hubris of defeat.Anyway , the Intellimouse 3.0 is still a great product . I hope they bring back the old version and never stop making it .
 This mouse is great , have had it for just over a year and has worked amazing since day one.Originally got it because it was half the price of a Deathadder at the time , but with the same design.Not unhappy with this purchase at all , i recommend this mouse to anyone who wants something affordable .
 I 've been using Microsoft 's Intellimouse products for many years . The one I 've been using for the past 10 years finally bit the dust -LRB- note
 I use this Mouse for gaming , and it is Amazing , but it 's great for everyday use as well . Great price for a very versatile Mouse .
 This mouse is the standard of product all others strive to become . I have had three of these in the past 10 years . If you can buy just ONE item to improve your game , this is the one . Video cards and processors come and go . No one has built a better gaming mouse , and I have tried them all . Why have I had to buy more ? They wear out after years of daily use . The one I have on my desk now has very little rubber left on the sides of the body of the mouse . The buttons are still responsive and the laser still tracks perfectly . The price is very modest when they are in production.Never install the Microsoft Intellimouse software . Allow Windows 7 to install the driver , then cancel the Intellimouse software installation . Adjust the driver function via the control panel to your preference .
 If you 're as dim as I am and trying to game on a Mac this mouse is a must.The tracking is smooth as buttered silk and beats everything else I 've used by miles.It 's a tad HUEG as the kids these days say but that 's hardly a big deal .
 It feels good in the hand , not too heavy and not too small . I bought mine used so I have a few problems with the side buttons , though they function decently regardless . I 'd recommend it to anyone looking for a good general purpose mouse .
 It is big and comfortable . It works fine since I bought it september 2011 . Though the side key is a little loose , it is still a nice and classic mouse
 This mouse is pretty standard . An upgrade from the first generation microsoft optical , it features a slightly slimmer body and two more buttons for your thumb -LRB- for you us handed people -RRB- . It works pretty well , no real complaints . Make sure you have a nice surface for your mouse though , or else it will be prone to skip a few pixels . I 'm not sure it 's worth $ 40 , but if you need a really standard mouse with no fancy gadgets or anything , this is the way to go , if not the original optical mouse by microsoft . The cord length is ample enough to have my computer at the side of my desk and thread it through the maze that is the back of my desk.So basically ... It 's very reliable for home , office , and gaming.You can also reprogram the side buttons if you need to set macros or shortcuts .
 Four years later it still works well ! I gave these to my dad , and it still works like a charm . I use a razer deathadder now . But comparably , they are the same . Except for the higher dpi . Need a nice cheap mouse ? Get this one .
 I bought an Alienware computer back in 2005 and the included mouse was an Intellimouse 3.0 . It started going bad a few months ago so I decided to buy a replacement . This new one is exactly like the old one so there is no learning curve . It performs exactly as my old one did when it was new .
 I do n't know about you guys but I 've used this type of mouse all the way back when the original Dungeon Siege game was released.This mouse is the most simplistic kind of mouse but has all your chief important buttons . It works and I love it !
 I bought this same model mouse 6 years ago and wore the original one out so when I saw Microsoft still made the same one it was a no brainer to reorder the same one . It fits my hand right and the button placement is great . Really nice for web surfing !
 I 've had this mouse for a month or so and have no complaints . I use it for normal computing and some games.Initially I was worried about the 2 buttons in the thumb area . I did n't want to be constantly hitting them when I did n't want to . So far , it has n't been a problem because my thumb rests below them most of the time . Occasionally I hit them by accident but usually it 's not a problem.The response time seems instant to me .
 I have only owned this mouse for a week and so far so good . It is accurate and responsive . I 've been using it for web site design and printshop work where small movements are necessary for accuracey . It fits my hand nicely and is comfortable to use . The optical sensor works perfectly on my desktop so no more mouse pad . I bought this unit knowing it was billed as a gaming mouse with the idea that if it would hold up for gamers banging it around then my use certainly would not strain it . Let us see if that theory holds up . Software downloaded without a hitch using XP . I would have given it 5 stars except for the scrolling wheel . It , for a lack of a better word , feels clunky . It rattles and is noisy . Seems cheap .
 Well this is my second intellimouse explorer 3.0 . My old one started having intermittent problems with the right mouse button after years of flawless performance under hard use . Very comfortable , the shape fits my hand perfectly and I can game for hours without getting a sore wrist . Very responsive and precise . The 4th and 5th mouse buttons are also very accessible and are invaluable to my gaming experience . I didnt get another one for no reason :-RRB- I didnt give this one 5 stars because the mouse button did start to have intermittent problems with the right button after being thrown during a wow session and lack of more buttons.So if your getting one enjoy this is one great mouse .
 I 've used so many mice , including expensive brands , and I always seem to come back to this mouse . It 's reliable . It just works . I think I 've ordered this mouse 3 or 4 times for various situations -LRB- work , home , wife , parents -RRB- . It 's the only mouse my wife will use . I 've had one case where a new order came with a broken button , but Amazon replaced it at no cost very quickly.I 'm a big fan of well positioned thumb buttons -LRB- I have them tied to both the Enter key and Close Application -RRB- and this mouse covers that really well.I must have a mouse wheel that does n't smoothly scroll , as it gives me far more control.No crazy software application running outside of the default Mouse settings that comes with Windows . This is a huge plus . And the integration with the Mouse settings just works , and works very well.I have found that tilt-wheel mice just do n't add enough functionality for me to find them useful combined with the `` mushiness '' that comes through all too often . This mouse has no tilt wheel thankfully.Highly recommended !
 I purchased this mouse to replace my 9-year old Intellimouse Explorer -LRB- the very first version -RRB- , which was showing the signs of old age -LRB- double-clicking on a single click , for instance . -RRB- This is an OK replacement . As other reviews state here , the wheel is sort of loud and provides noticeably more resistance than the older model . The side buttons are quite smaller than the older mode , which will take time getting used to . Otherwise this mouse feels like the one it replaced.Overall , however , I am happy that they still make this mouse . It fits into my hand perfectly and I also have not experienced the nightmares that many Intellimouse Explorer 4.0 users experienced -LRB- though it may be too early to tell . -RRB-
 First of all ... They fixed the scroll wheel !!!!!!!!!!! The newest revision of the IME 3.0 has fixed the scroll wheel problem people were reporting.This is great news.Pros1 .2 mm lift off distance on every surfacePerfect comfort and shape5 buttonsWorks perfectly at 400dpiCons -LRB- of course -RRB- Only 400 dpi ... desktop resolutions are like , 1920x1200 , and anything less than 1600 dpi feels sluggishly slow on a desktop . 400 dpi is awesome for games ... but come on , ca n't be helped though.Only 5 buttons ... gaming mice these days like to have at least 7 fully programmable buttons , 5 is standard though . Not many games need 7 , I have ten PC FPS and RTS games ... and I only use 7 mouse buttons in Gears of War.Other Thoughts And ComparisonsMany people get a Razer DeathAdder or MX518 because they want an Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 with high DPI , that can switch to low DPI.Unfortunatly what happens is that those mice , in their low DPI modes , do not perform the same as the IME 3.0 , they do n't track as well , they force straight lines , and in general are not as accurate.If you want a faster mouse , or more buttons ... Microsoft Habu is the way to go.It 's the only mouse that has the Intellimouse shape , and the build quality behind it to make it good enough to compare.Cons on the Habu though ... Need a hard pad to make it track good .2.4 mm lift off on most hard pads . 1.2 mm is the perfect lift off , and you can pretty much only get it with the Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 Please buy this mouse if you 're hardcore into gaming.Use it seperate from your high DPI mouse , use this mouse for gaming , and the other mouse for desktop use.Unless you 're used to 400 dpi desktop mice ... then you win all over.They fixed the scroll wheel problem.This mouse is a legend.Original unopened go for over $ 200 on eBay.SteelSeries limited editions go for over $ 100 on eBay.Don ' t pass this up , it 's getting rare again .
 After shopping for a new mouse for online Gaming , I found that the new onesno longer have detents in there scrolling wheels which I needed for changing weapons and customizable buttions are to hard to press rapidly . This mouse is hard wired to my PC which means lighter , no batteries , solid signal and never has to be reset like the wireless ones.Optical means no mouse ball to collect lint and screw up your movement . This mouse feels good in your hand , very well built and programming ability of 5 customizable buttions is far superior then other ones which always havelimitations in what you can do . This is the best gaming mouse ever made and cheaper than all the rest on this site . The people designing mice and the stores selling mice today clearly do not have gamers in mind , Frankly with all the products on the shelf , why couldnt they make one with us in mind . I wish micosoft would keep this one on the shelf because they had a good thing going
 -LSB- First Impressions -RSB- I was excited when they were bringing back my favorite mouse ever ! This is nearly the same mouse as the old 3.0 . But with a new color and stiffer/noisier detents on the scroll wheel . The actual color is different from what you see in the promo pic . It 's actually dark metallic gray , not black as in promo photo . So it 's a bit misleading if you wanted a black mouse to match your current computer parts . -LSB- Good Stuff -RSB- What I like is it has extremely soft and easy to press buttons -LSB- all 5 ! -RSB- . Probably the softest of any mouse out there -- and this makes it feel highly responsive to your clicking . It has nice ergonomic shape and a cool looking red light on mouse 's end.The surface of the mouse is slightly textured -LSB- non-glossy -RSB- , which is great because it prevents finger/hand moisture and gunk from building up on the buttons . The slightly textured surface reduces surface contact with your skin and therefore allows more skin ventilation . This is one small detail I wish more mouse makers pay attention to . -LSB- Bad Stuff -RSB- What I do n't like are the new detents on the scroll wheel , which are too stiff and noisy ! It makes scrolling feel less smooth and adds more resistance . Soft/quiet detents in the old 3.0 was better . So the new stiffer detents are inconsistent with the soft buttons on the rest of the mouse . Microsoft is better off leaving the detents unchanged from the original 3.0 ! I bought 2 of this mouse at the same time . I had to return one for replacement because it would n't track well on my semi-smooth surface -LSB- Wacome Intuous 3 tablet drawing surface -RSB- . So this mouse might be prone to tracking quality inconsistencies depending on what you get.Another bad thing is this mouse is a bit heavier than my Logitech MX 510 mouse -- which is of similar size and function . Everyone prefers a light weight mouse .
 When this mouse first came out a few years ago , myself and my friends all used it , we 're avid gamers and it quite simply is the best for gaming , it feels perfect in your hand.It 's light , the scroll wheel is precise and it 's cheaper than those overpriced laser mice which I 've owned -LRB- do n't listen to the non-gamers reviewing this mouse as they were not the intended target for the re-release of this mouse -RRB- . I got rid of my logitech G5 and got the IE3 .0 instead.If you are hesitating to get this mouse , DO N'T . I just hope they do n't stop selling it .
 Microsoft revived the Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 as the original was becoming a classic , and highly sort after in the second hand market much like the IBM Model M Keyboard.In a world of high visibility blue branding , or alternatively known as gamer fluff , the Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 is the bar that all mice aim to reach . It is close to the most perfect ever created , excepting some slight clogging issues with the feet and sometimes and unpredictable scroll wheel , something that has never affected me in around five years usage.These mice have unfortunately been End of Lifed by Microsoft , so get them whilst you can . I 've already raided auction sites for boxed models , so I have backups . No gaming mouse made before or since is comparable.The king is dead .
 Pros : - The mouse tracks beautifully . It made a noticeable difference in a number of FPS games , just with better aiming alone . - The clicks are solid and responsive . Click the left button 50 times in a row , then the right button 30 times in a row -- it just does n't matter , you will always get 50 clicks and 30 clicks . This mouse can take it . It will do what you want it to do . - Programmable buttons on the side of the mouse , right where claw-grip users can hit them with their right thumb . - True plug n ' play . Windows 7 knew exactly what this mouse was when I plugged it into a USB port . No added software needed.Cons : - The mouse feels flimsier and more `` plasticey '' than the older Microsoft optical mouse model that it replaced . The older model was incredibly well-made and lasted nearly 10 years . In contrast , I 've had this new one for less than a year and it 's already showing signs of wear , particularly on the rubber molding on the sides . It will last a few years more at best , and then I 'll have to replace my mouse yet again .
 I used my old identical mouse for 6 years before it went bad . It developed the double click syndrome . Anyway , I bought this one which is an updated product but has all the same features . Just install a disk and the plug it in . Great mouse , would n't buy anything else .
 Nice basic mouse , love the forward and back buttons . I am using it right now on my MAC !
 Great mouse , the ergonomic shape is perfect . The placement of the programmable side buttons is ideal . I found that the wireless mouse was constantly burning through batteries , and wanted to get back to a corded mouse . The connectivity is a just a bit faster.The software for programming the buttons was not recognized by Windows 7 . But the primary buttons work fine . I expect it 's a driver issue and will check that out .
 Have used this mouse with CAD for years , and like the programmability of the buttons . It makes work faster .
 Fits hand perfectly , I put my Logitech G9 and Steel Series Ikari mouse away and use this one . Love it . The case of the unit feels a bit cheap , but what do you expect when paying $ 20 for a mouse . The tracking ability of this mouse is what makes it so good . It 's worth buying .
 very convenient when using to play gamesbut the wheel is not good , not smooth
 This is my 2nd intellimouse and I love them . The buttons are perfectly placed for me and the clicks and button presses are really quiet . Great for gaming .
 This is my favorite mouse of all time . I first got started in computers back when computers had wooden cases , before the mouse . I 've had many mouses -LRB- mice ? meeses ? mooses ? -RRB- since then , and of all of them , this is my favorite . I have large hands and this one fits the way I like . The optical tracking is flawless and responsive , the scroll wheel is well-designed , the side buttons are perfect.Please , Microsoft , do n't ever change this design . I 'll buy another one when this one wears out ! Which should be * another * ten years
 Classic gaming mouse . Its pretty big so its nice for people with bigger hands.Would recommend to anyone
 Prior to MS re-releasing this mouse I had been searching for the older x08 model online via eBay . I saw them going for $ 100 + sometimes for a brand new one ! I had almost given up since the Laser 6000 mouse was such a flop . I was so ecstatic when they said they were going to re-release it . I saw it available a week or two ago and I bought four . Once I purchased it the next time I saw that it had been changed to pre-order . I thought that was strange but I actually received it in two days . It 's the same exact mouse from prior years except for the color change . The buttons feel the same , the mouse acts the same , everything is pretty much the same . Yes , the scroll wheel has dedents so that you can know if you 're switching just to the next weapon or whatever.My ONLY gripe right now is with the IntelliPoint 6.0 software . I am hoping someone else who has installed the software and has been using this mouse can confirm via the comments or their own review but basically when I use programs such as Excel , Outlook , Word , Photoshop , etc , for some odd reason or another , I can see parts of the screen refresh or redraw itself . That 's the only way I can explain what is happening . You can easily see it and it 's very annoying when it happens over and over again in a short time period.I narrowed it down to the IP6 .0 software as once I uninstalled it , I had no more problems ! A bug as big as this should not be overlooked and I only wish I knew who to contact or report it to as it 's annoying as heck ! If you 've experienced this , please let me know !
 I 've gone through several mice over the years , all more expensive than this one , and now I came back to this one.Pros ==== - Wired , does n't intermittently drop the connection - It 's cheap-ish -LRB- compared with wireless mice -RRB- - It 's responsive - It 's got five buttons , you can bind them to whatever you want using the Microsoft drivers . -LRB- Intellipoint -RRB- - Scroll wheel is easy to use as a button or a wheel . If you use an application that uses the 3rd mouse button a lot , then this is a good mouse for it . - The five buttons are really mouse buttons 1 through 5 in Windows and not virtual buttons . So if you have an application that uses mouse button 4 and 5 this one will work with it . Not all mice do . - It works on a Mac . You can install Microsoft drivers on a Mac and get the same options as on the PC . - The Microsoft drivers on a Mac can override the default Mac OS X mouse acceleration curve , making it easier to use in my opinion . - It 's black , so it matches the color of most new PCs - Good for work and gamingCons ==== - Not for left handed people - Does n't have a 4-way scroll wheel -LRB- personally I find this as a pro since it makes the scroll wheel easier to use when it 's only 2-way -RRB-
 Good replacement for my previous Intellimouse . No problem with the installation . Just plug it in . Works extremely well .
 This mouse is easily one of the most sought after mice on the internet . People would pay as high at $ 60 for this mouse , used , on auction sites just to experience what was said to be the best performance you could receive from a mouse.Everyone has a personal preference when it comes to peripherals . The IME 3.0 is the perfect example of the phrase `` One man 's trash is another man 's treasure . '' There are many people who love this mouse , and a significant amount of hype revolved around it . On the flip side , many people do not understand why there are those who would live and die by this 5 year old mouse when technology has come so far since its release . Today , GotFrag Hardware not only has the chance to review the re-release of this legendary mouse , but to compare it to an original IME 3.0 from 2002 . We will now explore and attempt to discover why this mouse has become so legendary over the years.All joking aside , I would describe the moment I opened the box as nostalgic . It brought me back to the time when this mouse first was around . When I hardly recognized it as anything more than a mouse . To think , if I had known they would be so popular I would have bought a truckload . I have been accustomed to Logitech and Razer mice for many years , so my first reaction was that the mouse felt odd in my hands . I never caught the craze over this mouse , and I believe that is why this makes me the prime choice to review it . Without any sort of bias , this mouse will be forced to convert me from my Logitech/Razer loving ways.Optical Tracking PerformanceLegendary accuracy delivered from an optical engine that produces 9000 Frames per Second , Maximum Speed of 54 + Inches per Second , and Maximum Acceleration of 25g 's combined with Microsoft 's Intelligent Tracking System with a centered optical port.Ergonomic DesignButton placement for improved sensitivity and soft touch materials for a sure grip .5 Customizable ButtonsReassign any button to fit your needs.Scroll Wheel with DetentsA specially designed scroll wheel with detents enables more accurate scrolling through documents , spreadsheets , or video games.Improved Slick FeetFor smooth movements across a variety of surfaces.Centered Optical PortFor enhanced targeting and accuracy.Flexible CordThe thin , flexible cord was designed to provide the sensation of wireless with all the performance of a wire.Gaming ToggleWith the push of a button you can switch between your favorite weapons or actions -- it 's easy to quickly change settings while playing.Precision BoosterSwitch between default speed and precision mode for enhanced control.Intelligent Tracking SystemEnjoy smoother tracking over a greater variety of surfaces with the Microsoft Intelligent Tracking System.THIS IS THE BEST GAMING MOUSE !!!
 Update
 It really is great . Thanks for all the help . Was worried it would n't turn out right.sddsaasdddasdasfffasf
 The product is good 100 % and was shipped in the same day and im fine with the service The product is good 100 % and was shipped in the same day and im fine with the service . Love it
 Nice low-profile shape/feel to this mouse - wish I had bought a few more to replace all the mice in the house .
 excelente producto , envi&oacute; r&aacute;pido , el mouse tal cual como lo pido , espero hacer una pr&oacute;xima compra con ustedes , sigan asi , gracias ... vzla
 Great mouse , cheap and 3 year warranty ! how can you go wrong for the price ? No need to get a different mouse .
 Amazingly comfortable mouse to use . Extra buttons are nice for browsing the web for backward and forward of your browser . This mouse is a legend for gaming and works really well for FPS games . What I like most of all is the ergonomics and comfort level this mouse provides . Better comfort for long periods of time than any other mouse I have used . Do not know if the mouse will hold up over time or not as many people are reporting issues with the left click button failing or causing double clicks etc. . Hopefully mine lasts a long time as I love how it feels . Seems they are not making these anymore either last I heard which sucks if it does break later on . Great mouse Microsoft . Please keep making it .
 This mouse is still one of the best mice out there , not only for the work environment , but for gaming as well . Amazing to me , since it 's been out for so long , and so many mice have come out since that time - but each and every one seems to have a major flaw that makes it fall short . I would know , as I 've literally tried every mouse marketed to gamers ... yes , every Razer mouse , including ones they do n't make anymore , the logitech gaming mice , and the Ikari Optical , Ikari Laser , Xai , the Puretrak Valor , and the QPAD 5K . Each one seems to fall short in one aspect or another.The pros of this mouse : - The shape . The IME 3.0 manages to not only be a superb palm grip mouse , it also lends itself pretty well to claw gripping if you prefer that . While many mice have tried to duplicate the shape , none feel quite right - the Zowie mice come close , but is n't quite right , and the Deathadder has a higher hump , making it very comfortable for palm use , but hard to claw grip . - The weight . This is a very lightweight , well centered mouse . Having a good balanced weight is essential to make sure you can have consistent control . The mouse glides well , and does not have the weight to cause extra unneeded inertia , like the G500 does , for example . - The sensor . The IME 3.0 is one of three optical mice on the market -LRB- other than the IMO 1.1 and WMO , which use the same sensor as the IME 3.0 -RRB- without angle snapping/prediction enabled . This means that the mouse actually draws the movements you register with no corrections , which is important for gaming . The other two , the Deathadder and Valor , have issues with buttons and weighting , as well as being about twice the cost of the IME 3.0 . - The buttons . The buttons on the IME 3.0 are big enough that you ca n't miss them , and provide a nice tactile feel when you use them , while not being overly sensitive . This is what sets the mouse apart from the Deathadder in my opinion , as the DA has buttons that have almost no feel to them , and are very easy to depress on accident . I 've also had my DA 's buttons start to malfunction and register two clicks instead of one - this has never happened to me on my IME 3.0 . Cons of this mouse : - The cable can be a little stiff when the mouse is first used . It does get much better over time , though . - The stock mousefeet are ok , but they could be way better . Keep in mind you can buy better mouseskates for as little as $ 3.99 from a lot of manufacturers , and the mouse itself is only $ 30 , so you are still well under what most gaming mice cost . - The scrollwheel will sometimes bug out under stressful situations . This is true even on my Legends edition IME 3.0 , while it does n't happen as often as the original , the problem still exists . If you use the scrollwheel to jump in games , this could be a major issue for you . I changed back to the typical spacebar for jumping , and have had no issues since.Overall , though , the mouse has far less problems than the vast majority of gaming mice on the market . Not to mention that Microsoft just released a `` successor '' to this mouse , which in reality has far more problems as well , so this might become quite rare . I would recommend buying one , and if you like it , perhaps buying a backup in case MS stops making them . They are really that good .
 Second time I bought this mouse . The first one I had lasted for 5 or 6 years with daily use on my office computer . I use it for AutoCAD . The wheel was a little tight at first on the new one , but it 's getting better with time . Overall a good and durable mouse .
 I love this mouse , I payed $ 50.97 for it -LRB- one day shipping =-RRB- -RRB- The side buttons are almost perfect considering the back one is kind of hard to press without rolling your thumb . Other than that this mouse is awesome , tracks great , glides on my Qck Heavy
 This product is excellent . Its the second one I 've owned and will continue buying it as long as it is available . Its worth every penny of its cost .
 I had this mouse for over 5 years , playing EQ , WOW for hrs everyday . . Never gave me a problem . I 'm ordering a new one because my buttons a worn and the rubber on the sides are very worn . . So I would give this mouse 5 stars
 I use an Microsoft Intellimouse from a couple of years ago and I love it . Then I visited my father whose mouse was made in the dark ages and using it drove me nuts . No scroll wheel , no side buttons for going forward/backward on pages , etc. . It was n't even a good fit for anyone 's hand . I sent him this Intellimouse for his birthday . He absolutely LOVES it ! It was one of the most successful presents I have ever given him . He spends a lot more time on his computer than he did before . Now , if I can only get him to check his emails more often ...
 I bought the original Intellimouse 3.0 several years ago , and it was fantastic ; sadly after several years of service it died out , and unfortunately by then all MS mice had adopted smooth-scrolling mouse wheels , which I detest since you lose precision and you can not select discrete things , like items in a combo box or weapons in games . I was forced to buy a new mouse , and I picked up a Logitech set . The software for it -LRB- Setpoint -RRB- was absolutely horrendous . I dealt with it until I found out MS had rereleased the IME 3.0 , which I quickly bought , and it 's just as good as the original was . I 'm using it again along with my trusty MS Natural Keyboard Pro , another venerated MS hardware product that was sadly discontinued -LRB- perplexingly , the older , less useful Natural Keyboard Elite remains available -RRB- . I 'll miss the wireless aspect of the Logitech set , but little else . Good going MS , way to bring it back . Now if you 'd just stop messing around with the keyboard layouts and kill off F-lock ...
 So , my old IntelliMouse Explorer 3.0 finally went kaput after 10 years . I do n't know why people are saying this mouse is unreliable . Granted , I 've only had this new mouse for a few weeks now , but it is like a dream come true . I had tried an IntelliMouse Explorer 4.0 to replace my 3.0 -LRB- bigger numbers are better , right ? WRONG . -RRB- , and the lack of detents and the elevated thumb buttons were just terrible . The 3.0 is definitely the cream of the crop here . This mouse seems so much better than my old one . The scroll wheel is so firm and clicky . I wonder if my old one was ever like that . Anyway , this new one is a bit lighter , but not by much , so it still has the same solid feel , and the shape of the mouse is perfect . Truly , this is Microsoft 's best designed mouse in my opinion.And hey , if it 's anything like my last one , maybe it 'll last 10 years , too .
 This mouse is very good , I 've gone through 4 in the past 6 or 7 years . Mainly my fault for not cleaning them ever/slamming them on my desk really hard . Either way - the mouse has great quality and can take a lot of punishment.Best things about this mouse
 I 've been a longtime fan of this mouse , but unfortunately the scrollwheel makes a very loud clicking sound when scrolling .
 Best gaming mouse available for the price . Accurate , comfortable . Able to assign key macros to any mouse button .
 This mouse works really well for me . The outline and shape is perfect fit for my hand making this mouse very comfortable and easy to use . It is also a very good gaming mouse that has good sensitivity and dpi making it easier for me to headshot noobs all the time
 Great mouse . I 've had 4 of them in the last 11 years . My last one was more than 7 years old used every day before I had to replace it . Great mouse , and I 'm on a Mac .
 IE 3.0 is awesome at what it does . Low sensitivity gaming on a huge mouse pad.It is not so good at high sens.Build quality could be tighter . Plastic mouse buttons sometimes make a `` poing '' sound on release and the thumb buttons are horribly loose , I am surprised they do n't squeak.Beyond all this I still love this mouses performance and soft feel on a cloth mat.Will even buy more . I guess their is nostalgia in cheap feeling mice .
 I 've owned an original IntelliMouse Explorer since 2000 . After nearly 7 years of abuse , it still works flawlessly . When I saw that they rereleased it , I quickly snatched up another for my laptop . They 're that good . Perfect tracking , smooth gliding , comfortable , and just the right weight .
 We needed a new mouse for the Mac we use to power our entire salon operation . This one is a real work horse . Fast , easy to use , very ergonomic . A winner .
 This is the second mouse like this I have purchased . It 's a nice size for my not-too-big hand , and it 's very comfortable in the hand . I think it is comfortable in bigger hands too . The left click buttons are in a good place for my thumb . Right and left click buttons are great . I have a simple mouse at work -LRB- no right-left or thumb buttons -RRB- , so when I come home to use the Intellimouse , I feel like I 'm driving a Mercedes !
 I have tried many mice so far , and my favorite is this one . the grip , the shape , the functions , the speed ... just perfect . i was already using an older model , so i was so happy that microsoft continued to make more of these , and as soon as i learned they are selling this model , i bought it right away . i am pretty sure that if i need another mouse in the future , i 'll be buying this same exact model .
 This mouse is great for gaming and computer use.I am more accustomed to a slimmer mouse like a MX300 or a Razer Diamondback/Copperhead ... But when I heard Microsoft re-released the IE3 a legend of a mouse that was predominantly used by many professional Counterstrike/FPS gamers back in the day I had to give it a try.It took my hand awhile to get accustomed to , but all I can say is this mouse offers a lot more control and precision than prior mouses I have had.So if your looking to replace your current mouse or just looking for a new feel , definetly give this a try , you will not be dissapointed.Definitely worth the money , and looking to buy this AGAIN if I need a new mouse .
 Same exact feel and button placements as the previous model.Yes the scroll wheel clicks a bit louder than the previous model but I think it is meant to be that way . It hardly bothers me and you 'll hardly hear it if you play games.It looks good in black .
 I 've had the older version of this mouse for years now -LRB- 2 + -RRB- and it finally started to give out . I saw that Microsoft re-released this mouse a few months ago and I knew that I just had to get another one . Its perfect . Great fit in your hand and lightweight . No complaints .
 This is the best mouse EVER by FAR . I owned the original one and it worked flawlessly for over 5 years -LRB- and if someone had n't cut the cord I would still be using it today -RRB- . As a responce to the users that are less than absolutly satisfied ; I will agree looking at their perspective . Smaller hands may find that pressing the two side buttons by accident is as easy as pressing them intentionally , and the scroll wheel is notched deeper than most . Both of these features are intentional . This is not by any means a particularly big mouse but it may be a good idea to go into a local retail store just to make sure that you are comfortable holding it . If your thumb does not naturally rest on the side buttons then do n't think and buy this absolutely superior mouse .
 Since I started playing Counter Strike Source a little more seriously I 've been looking for the perfect mouse for it.At present I have 2 versions of the Logitech G5 and a Razer Copperhead . While the G5 and Copperhead have their good points they also have bad ones some of which are inexcusable in my mind -LRB- drivers and firmware installation from Razer -RRB- . The Intellimouse , in my opinion , out performs the other 2 for FPS . It has the speed of a 2000DPI laser mouse in a twitch of the wrist and the precision of a lower end dpi mouse when you track the mouse slowly without having to make minute movements when compared to the laser mice for the same effect.I 've been using the G5 and Copperhead for months now . I found out which was better for myself but that mouse still did n't feel ` right ' . The Intellimouse does . It has the right fit in your palm , a good all round weight and runs/tracks smoothly on all surfaces with the optical engine and new feet pads.Those of you wanting the performance of a high end laser mouse without paying the price should seriously consider this produect.Casual / hardcore gamer or photoshopper , this is the perfect mouse -LRB- for all those worried about the thumb buttons , do n't , other reviewers must be REALLY picky as I found the buttons on this better than any other -RRB- You may also want to note the software should be installed BEFORE plugging in the mouse and also this software WILL NOT run parallel to Logitech 's Setpoint .
 My keyboards/mice matter a lot to me since I spend 80 % of my day at a computer -LRB- whether at home or at work -RRB- . I 've used almost all of Microsoft 's Mice that come with their popular keyboards as well as the Microsoft Habu for the last few years . One reason I stopped using the Habu is that after 2-3 months of use the scroll wheel is useless.The Microsoft IntelliMouse Explorer 3.0 is very big , if not bigger than the Habu -LRB- which is big -RRB- . I have larger than average hands -LRB- 6ft male -RRB- so this mouse may not be comfortable to those with smaller hands . However , this mouse is perfect for me and feels a lot better than the Habu did . Although the DPI is n't as great as the Habu , just up the mouse motion and it works great . The scroll wheel is a definite improvement over previous Microsoft Mice . The mouse buttons are a bit stiffer than the Habu but not uncomfortably so.Either way , this mouse has to be the best one I 've used so far . It is n't packed with 500 buttons I 'll never use . It feels well built -LRB- not like some plastic toy mice -RRB- and glides on the mouse pad without problem.Mice are pretty simple so one of the big things that I like about this mouse is how well it fits in my hand and how comfortable it feels after 4-5 hours of use . Definitely recommend !
 Definately the best mouse for your money . Fits my hand perfectly even if you have medium sized hands . The side buttons do not get in the way and are easy to program for office work or FPS -LRB- first person shooters -RRB- and MMORPGS . The wheel does make a somewhat loud clacking noise when scrolling but unless you 're really paying any attention to it you really wo n't notice it especially if you 're a gamer . The best feature of this mouse is that it eliminates the necessity of having a mouse pad . You can use it on any surface and the pointer will not skip around . So far I 've experienced no ghost moving -LRB- cord making the mouse move -RRB- infact I say the cord for this mouse is perfect . The cord does not make the mouse move on it 's own if it 's idle.I would actually give this mouse 41/2 stars only because of the clacking mouse wheel but overall I 'm very happy with this mouse and I highly recommend this to anyone : -RRB-
 I 've had my Intellimouse Explorer since the 3.0 model was first introduced - I 'm a big gamer , and when I 'm not gaming I 'm almost always doing something else on the computer ; I often spend all day on it , even through meals . I can appreciate a solid , dependable design - especially when it lasts me through four computers and innumerable hours of pounding . It has only been in the last few months that my old unit started to conk out -LRB- the scroll wheel started registering multiple clicks when only pressed once -RRB- , and I 've been looking for a replacement.This thing is durable , folks - even under constant , intense use for years , the scroll wheel is the ONLY issue I 've ever had with it , and that 's very recent compared with the unit 's lifespan . To give you some idea of just how much use the old one has had ... well , it changed color over the years from all the caked-on grunge ; it was silver-gray when I got it but is now a well-worn yellowish tan . I 've dropped it , squished it , spilled things on it , and yet it still works . The side buttons , which people knock for being so flimsy-feeling ? They really are n't ; they may have a bit of extra spring but you 'd have to submit them to far more abuse than I 've been able to in order to break them.Cleaning the mouse is incredibly easy compared to other models ; the four phillips-head screws which hold the cover on are concealed beneath the feet , which are easily pried off by a standard head or a knife . After that , the entire shell of the mouse lifts off ; all the working parts are attached to the base while the upper section just houses the plastic buttons . From there , you can clean the whole assembly with a q-tip - the scroll wheel is easily detachable once the cover is off too , just in case some hair or something gets stuck in it -LRB- I have two cats in the house ; this is more important than it seems -RRB- . Re-assembly is just as easy ; you wo n't have to move any wires around to clear the casing like with some other mice . Since mnay mouse problems are done away with by a good cleaning , the value of a mouse which can easily be taken apart without risking damage to the unit can not possibly be overstated.I was very happy to discover that this model was still available , and the moment I saw that it was I ordered one . I 've been so satisfied with this design in the past that I 'm very tempted to buy another so that I 'll have one on hand years down the road when my replacement finally dies - an event which I 'm sure will be years away , as the design has changed very little since the first generation - a good thing , in my mind , since it has served me so well . This mouse is definitely one of those woefully rare examples of `` got it right the first time . ''
 The Sharp 15 Inch Flat Screen TV is wonderful . I gave one to my husband last year for Christmas and it is the only TV -LRB- we have four TVs -RRB- watched on a daily bases . We have a large screen TV however it does not have clean , clear picture that the Sharp Flat screen TV has . Thanks Sharp and keep up the good work .
 Hands down this is the best LCD screen is the best I have ever seen . It is totally high definition and is great for dvd 's and video games.It has a very vivid and bright picture it looks realy slick and is easy to hang on a wall .
 We got this mainly for it 's space-saving features , mostly to keep the TV out of our way . We do n't have cable , and were worried the picture would not be so good . It is better than good , it is simply great ! -LRB- but you do seem to need an external antenna . -RRB- I am amazed at how sleek it is !!! Highly recommend .
 The NX-6000 is the best laptop webcam I have ever used , period!The design allows for true portability , however , I would have preferred a detachable cord.Microsoft 's every improving software also makes it a real value .
 Easy to install . Great image quality . I am using it on a Windows Vista plataform and I did n't find any problem so far . I recommend it .
 I bought this webcam to talk to my boyfriend who is in Iraq . The resolution is much better than other webcams -LRB- 2.0 megapixel -RRB- and the talk function is really easy . Install CD worked fine and I used it with Yahoo messenger . This will save me a TON of money in phone cards .
 Not only does the product perform well -- I am even more satisfied with the webcam as it is updated on a regular basis by Microsoft . I would definitely recommend this product . .
 So I have used this Camera on vista and Win7 , but both I had some major driver issues . It has GREAT picture quality , the frame rate is average , and sound rocks ! Unfortunately , it looses a star because in order to use it I must unplug all my jump drives !! I can use the camera when transferring files , it sucks ! But other then this , it is great .
 I have not tried any other webcam so can not draw a comparision . I always go for some high-end stuff may it be mobile or laptop or this webcam . This one is very sleek , excellent quality -LRB- need high speed internet at both ends -RRB- , easy to install & has software driven settings -LRB- zoom , pan , tilt etc -RRB- . It clips just fine on my laptop screen . But still its priced a bit higher.I tried this with Skype , Yahoo & Windows Live messenger . It gave the best video performance with Windows Live -LRB- based on comments from other party -RRB- . Microphone is good but if you are using laptop speakers , need to keep the volume down as it is not good at Echo cancellation .
 I really enjoyed this product and the fact that its simple to use !! It clips nicely onto my laptop or I can take it off , it comes with a little protective case , and the lens slides in to keep it unexposed when you 're not using . I really like it and all its features as well .
 This webcam is so easy to install and use . It connects with Microsoft Messenger and allows us to have real time video and voice communications with our son and daughter-in-law and their brand new twin baby girls while they are stationed with the Air Force in Aviano , Italy . There is no charge for the service after the webcams are installed so it is free phone and video over the computer !
 This webcam is wonderful for laptops . It attached right on to my laptop and the picture is incredible . If you looking for a sweet cam for your laptop you found it .
 I love this webcam . Great value . Loaded easily , no issues with Windows 7 , picture is clear and mic picks up voice clearly . Size is perfect for laptop and travel .
 Out of the box and operating within 15 min . Great quality . Good value .
 This webacam is just what I needed . It 's compact enough to carry around while traveling , discreet , and has a retractable lens for protection . It also includes a carrying case . The specifications are very nice , software is upgradeable and Microsoft 's hardware tech support is so great!I guess the only bad thing for this camera is Microsoft 's effort to push you to use it 's instant messaging software as evidenced by the web call button on top . If you accidentally push it , it will prompt you to install Windows messenger first which could be a bit annoying sometimes.I use it with Yahoo! messenger and never gave me any problems . The visual effects sofware is very entertaining . You can also use it for photo capture , sound , and video recording.Overall , this webcam is highly recommended for people without any built-in cameras on their notebook computers .
 It 's pretty much as it describes . As far as compatibility problems go . I have Windows 7 and it just told me to go online and then started to download the update it needed to do the installation so no real problems there . Granted I 've only used it for about a day but the video quality of it seems fine about what I had expected . The only thing about it is with the sound it has some weird humming or pulse kinda sound . I 'm going to see if I ca n't do anything about that maybe the other person does n't hear it ? I 'm not sure because all I 've done was video record myself . So far though it seems what I paid for .
 I purchased this because I have a 6 year old P-4 computer and I wanted the best resolution/video that would run with my computer . This works great . Clear images , microphone picks up sound well . I use it with Skype and it was easy to install and run . Good image in low lighting situations . Great pic in great lighting .
 This webcam is perfect ! It is small enough to take it anywhere . There is an additional delicate small round black box for the webcam to protect it . The most important is that it is very easy to use . Just plug in the USB . Very good !
 This little compact camera is great . I have tried other cameras and was disappointed with the picture quality and cost.This camera is very good for the price
 Not a bad little gizmo . I wanted a webcam with autofocus and I got it . I 'd love to have paid half as much , but just remember , we 've got all of this great technology for $ 60 .
 I feel this product is definitely worth it for the price . Only good for laptops though . Picture quality is alright , definitely not as good as they advertise . I found some of the software to not function completely but the camera itself serves its purpose . If you want something for the long term and will use this often , go buy a more expensive camera .
 My webcam arrived in the mail about a week ago and I have used it lightly since it arrived . On the whole , I 'm happy with the purchase -LRB- primarily because I payed under $ 30 as opposed to the ridiculous ` retail ' price -RRB- . The video quality is good , but it 's not necessary the ` high definition ' that Microsoft advertises . The quality is slightly improved over my old Logitech budget webcam.Two criticisms that I have read on the website that I disagree with are regarding the software and the fit on a Lenovo laptop . Firstly , it 's true , the software CD that arrived with the webcam is not compatible with any version of Vista ... so what ... this just means that you go to Microsoft.com , look up the model , and then download the drivers online . It 's really not a big problem . Secondly , I use a Lenovo laptop and the webcam still fits well on my T61 . The wide-lip on Lenovo Thinkpads is NOT a problem with this webcam.It 's a shame that the picture quality is only mediocre and that the webcam feel so flimsy , but hey , considering the steep discount in price , it 's a great option for a relatively budget webcam . Hope this helps . Cheers !
 This Cam works great and the small size is very convenient , however the attachment piece does not open large enough to fit on larger monitors . Made for laptop monitors only ! Suggest an attachment be offered with the device for use on any monitor width or to sit on top . Attaching to a larger monitor with '' Two Face Tape '' does not cut it !
 got 2 . one here and 1 for daughter in Peace Corp in Macsdonia . speak almost daily and very satisfied with units . sure beats spending about a buck a minute to speak to her by phone . we use skype
 Great value ! This item works very well with my laptop - I talk with and see my son who is in Afghanistan . I can speak in a normal voice and he has no problem hearing me . The mic is great and so is the video !
 As someone who travels quite a lot , the lifecam was wonderful . I can communicate with family and friends with video . Great item , I received the item faster than I expected , hook up was simple , picture quality is excellent .
 This camera is probably one of the best on the market at the moment and the highest resolution as well . It has a nice design and comes with a nice compact protective case . Only problem is that if you have a notebook with a super thin screen -LRB- such as the Vaio TX series -RRB- , then it will not clip on the screen as advertised . Other than that , it 's a great camera .
 Picture quality is great for a webcam . I 've used it quite successfully in teleconferencing . Note that it 's not quite working completely in Vista yet .
 When I ordered this webcam I was worried that I would not receive this item soon enough before my trip departure date . I placed my order on new year eve , I was astonished when I received the package on the 4th of January . Every thing works well with great quality .
 It looks great with good quality image and video , I find difficult to fit it some where on top of my notebook as its channel does n't fit with my laptop width . One of my friend has been using it for a while and he advised me about this cam , but it was a bit expensive when I checked with other vendors like above 50CAD . But I got it from Amazon for less than 30CAD .
 This is a great little camera . The picture is incredibly sharp . I was able to see my bird walking around on the floor of the living room in detail . Installation was easy and my computer did n't choke on it once ! It installs Windows Live which you do n't really need to make it work , so unless you like this overinflated software for messaging , I would n't chose the option to install it with the camera driver . The clip part that is supposed to fit on the top of your laptop did n't fit mine very well , so that was a bust . And positioning the thing so that it 's stable and at an aesthetically pleasing angle took a little finagling . Overall though I still chose to use this camera over the snake eye because the installation was easier and the picture was clearer . A good buy for the money .
 This camera was very affordable and does exactly what I want . Like other reviews the mic is n't the best , but its not a big deal . The video quality is very good for such a simple camera . Its fun to use and I would recommend it to anyone that wants a basic , good quality web cam .
 Worked well with Skype . Easy to install on a Dell laptop running Windows 7 . Great price .
 Easy to install and stay well on my lap top ; picture quality was also good . Overall , a wonderful purchase .
 I needed to buy a webcam to do videoconferencing with relatives in Italy . I decided to buy a Microsoft product because I could be sure it would be the most conventional , mainstream webcam available . I decided to get this model because it appears to be the top-of-the-line for Microsoft , with a 2 Megapixel video resolution -LRB- as well as a 7 + Megapixel still camera built-in -RRB- . This particular model is designed to attach to the top of a laptop . It does not fit securely on the top of a flat panel display , but with a little tape it is quite usable . I am very impressed by the quality of the picture , and the ease of use of the hardware and software . What most impressed me however was the noise cancellation done by the software , so that the camera 's microphone does not create feedback from the PC 's speakers -LRB- something that telephones do that most of us just take for granted -RRB- . It worked like a charm for our internet videoconference with my in-laws in Italy . Really great . I have already ordered a second one to give as a gift.Note
 I bought this unit and it works `` great '' . Not good in dim light and no focus adjustment so nothing past 4 feet ... If you want a portable cam with easy setup and great video its for you.But if you want a cam with more fetures and your not in need of the portability try the Philips 900nc . . better unit with more features and killer dim light ability . . read my review there for more ...
 This webcam SEEMS to be the best LAPTOP webcam in the market right now in terms of it megapixels . I believe that it would fit almost all of the laptops because the clip that fits to the laptop adjusts very easily.I think the only comparable webcams are the ones of Logitech . Although Logitech webcams are not better in terms of megapixels , some webcams of Logitech are far much more expensive than this webcam and Logitech seems to be the leader in this market . Therefore if you want to be 100 % sure of the best webcam in the market and if you have the opportunity , for instance if your friend/relative has a hightec webcam of Logitech , go and see it , then make your decision.With respect to its features , all of them work great . I believe one of the most important issues that a webcam should have is a build-in mic that receives your voice crystal clear . This webcam proves to be so . As far as its image quality , as I indicated above , it is the best webcam in the market BUT bear in mind that during video calls the performance would not exceed a certain limit due to the softwares ' -LRB- such as MSN , SKYPE -RRB- own settings . So do not expect that the receivers will receive your image in 2.0 megapixel quality . On the other hand I believe there is a possibility that the softwares or technology may improve and someday you would be able to use this webcam to the utmost . Nevertheless the receivers tell me that they receive my image really very very well . Also there is a light in the device that blinks when you try to connect to a video call which later stays when such connection is established . The camera seems to track your face . I believe it makes it very well . Nonetheless I do not recommend to move so frequently and avoid sudden movements , which , as far as I see , affects your video call quality.This product gives better image quality in Windows Live Messenger . This is not only my observation , but also one of the features of the product written on its box.In terms of it convenience , the lens part of the device pops into and out of the camera , which makes you feel comfortable for the lens . When the product is not in use , by poping the lens into the device , you do n't feel concerned as to whether the lens is safe from scratches or subject to dust or etc. . In addition , the product comes with a little carrying case . It 's a little bit small but it would work when you travel.Also you can add some video effects . I do n't use it so much . The only thing I know is that it does n't effect your image and the network speed , hence the quality of your video call.In short , if you have a LAPTOP -LRB- otherwise it would be very inconvenient for you to use -RRB- , especially if you are going to make video calls via Windows Live Messenger , this camera has excellent image quality - regardless of the limits of the Internet , network speed and softwares ' own settings - , a build-in mic that receives your voice crystal clear . I highly recommend it .
 Very compact , but with great resolution both with respect to audio and video . The installation , using bundled software drivers and MSFT Live Messenger , was a snap -LRB- easier than my parallel experience with Logitech QuckCam Communicate STX -RRB- . The camera works equally well with SightSpeed , the other communications software package that I have used the camera with . Comes in a handy , very compact carrying case . Very high Cool Factor to the package and performance .
 PROS : I 've used various web cameras before . But this one is the BEST one i 've seen thus far . The pictures are `` sharp '' and a lot `` less grainy '' than other web cameras . Works great in low light . It even has more pixels than my $ 400 digial camera I bought a few years ago.CONS : Be careful . The pictures are soo sharp , that it can also show all the wrinkles on your face .
 I bought two of these cameras . One for my mom and one for my family . Because we live so far away from each other , this will allow her to see her grandchildren more.Setup was fairly easy , though long . I 'd suggest using the Microsoft Live Messenger as the video chat client . It is one button to start to Video call . Just select the person you want to chat with and it takes care of every thing else.We used the camera over Christmas and the kids just loved telling grandma everything they got , and also getting to show her as well . We even used a cellular data card -LRB- grandma was on DSL -RRB- , and the video hardly missed a beat . We did n't use the audio though ; the audio had somewhat of a noticable lag . So we used the handsfree cellphone . I think we were really stressing out that mobile data connection.All in all , this is a great little device . I really like the way the lense retracts as to keep the dust off it .
 I have use it with a desktop computer , Windows 7 x64Pros : - Good in low light - Easy to configure - Nice camera effect for chat - You can turn up and down the camera len , so easy to mount to laptop . I was have some fix to mount it to my desktop LCD.Cons : - You must install software first , installation requires internet connection and you must set default browser is Internet Explorer to continue the setup . - Quite heat but no so hot even the camera is not in use
 I only bought it because it was on sale . If it was full price , no way is it worth it . The quality was decent , but no more than $ 30 decent.Now we have a smart phone and never use webcams anymore , but it was a good 6 months of decent webcam chatting .
 Microsoft product made for microsoft applications . I could n't get the zoom to work at all and could n't get it to work with Skype after installing microsoft drivers with microsoft app . Only easy was uninstall . I went back , reinstalled and updated drivers , and it works great now and still . I really love that the lens manually pushes inside the camera to shut it off . Easy controls for the best quality image .
 This is one of the very elegant and robust web cam I have came across . It very small and picture quality is awesome !!!
 The camera is definitely a good value for the money . It is easy to install and use , great fit on the laptop with an adjustable cam -LRB- up/down -RRB- . The picture and sound quality is what I expected - not perfect , but for the money its a good bargain .
 It is an OK webcam . It provides decent quality and such , but the mic is not so great . The mic made me sound super low-pitched , which I am not . It took a bit of tweaking but once I was done , it was almost as clear as my logitech mic -LRB- which has almost unbeatable quality -RRB- . It has a bit of background noise too , but it 's nothing major.The video quality is really good . If you set the res . to 800x600 and then set it to zoom in 2x , it will look very nice . It 's an OK webcam for a great price . I would rather have paid $ 44 for another HD webcam , but this is fine for someone who just needs it for skype and such.The installation was the worst part of the webcam so far . I had some trouble installing it on windows 7 . It did n't install properly and the installer directed me to a place to download an updated installer for win7 . It was n't too bad though.It does go on and off when you open the webcam program . I guess it dedicates itself to one program at a time . So either you have it on skype or live or the program it comes with . Not all at once . I think there is a way to change this in the properties though.All in all , if you have a $ 30 budget , this is one of the best webcams you can get .
 This product was easy to install and works fine . The picture quality is good -LRB- not great -RRB- but for the price , the product preforms well .
 I had to buy a webcam because the built in one in my laptop quit working . I ordered this because it was a familiar brand and cheap.I found this unit clips easily to the lid of my laptop and the picture & sound are excellent . The CD that comes with it though certified for Vista , will not work on Windows 7 though technically it should.However , a screen appears that re-directs you to the Microsoft and it downloads and installs updated software in minutes.This was just a minor nuisance bearing mind how well this thing works!Strange thing is , after running a utility program , I got my built in webcam to work again but I much prefer this one and continue to use it.This really is a steal for the price , why pay more when you get a sharp picture and excellent sound out of this unit !
 I recommend this product . It is easy to install and use . The small size is also an advantage .
 I was using a Microsoft LifeCam VX-1000 cam before upgrading to this.Not a lot of innovation , but still : * A decent video quality , much better than my older one , bandwidth permitted . * Much more conveniently attaches to Laptops ' screens . * Much more compact ; also comes with a small , pretty hard case . * The eyelid can be closed -- and rotated vertically -- to avoid damage or dust . * Cheap -LRB- online -RRB- On the down side , Microsoft has a software , which unsurprisingly interacts well only with Messenger ; it still works , of course , with others , say Skype . And their driver with mandatory software is about ~ 100MB and takes ages to install .
 I would definitively recommend this product to all the users looking for a webcam . -LRB- note -RRB- If you do n't have a USB 2.0 connection the video resolution is very bad , but if you have it just works great .
 The software is nothing very useful to me . This works well with the MSN Live Messenger fine . Resolution seems fine and this is mostly a satisfying camera as a webcam . If you want to use this to discretely view things using it as a streaming webcam the lighted microsoft emblem might draw attention to this camera . Alternately that informs you that the thing is working as well , so depending on your needs , that may be good or bad.I would buy this again .
 The webcam is an easy to operate , fully functional device . Perfect for laptops . The Range on it could be a little better . The mic is excellent .
 I have never experienced a cam like this before this camera does as it says 2.0 MP web view and 8.0 MP still pics this is a must have for relatives to share photo 's and voice conferencing . Very Good product by Microsoft and wonderful price by Amazon.com .
 Everyhthing works as expected as long as I do n't pull out the clip on the back . This causes a distortion in the microphone and destroys the sound pick-up .
 This is really clear , even though its a old model . I got two other friends to get it because they saw how good it was when I used it with them .
 We love the way this fits securely on our HP laptop and the great resolution . Easy install and very portable . Comes with a travel case . We are buying a second one .
 Very good quality overall and excellent image.I especially liked the clamp that fits over a laptop screen and sturdy storage case .
 I got this little webcam from my son-in-law and daughter so that we could talk to the grandkids and see them too . I know absolutely nothing about web cameras , software , etc. . My son-in-law was able to walk me through the set up and in 10 minutes , we were having a visual conversation . It works great . It does exactly what we need it to do and it is tiny and can mount anywhere you want with the sticky tape - I 'm fortunate - I have a USB port on the side of my monitor . The USB cable is short , though , and if your ports are on your hard drive , you 'll need an extension cable . Very satisfied with this camera .
 I like it for its size and retractable optic - when not in use it can be pushed back into the housing of the camera . It also ships with a small round storage/transport container - just a tad larget than an empty film case . The USB cable has a identifier tag next to the plug which is handy when several USB devices are plugged into a hub . White Microsoft logo letters illuminate when camera is on/recording . Camera shipped with version 1.2 of the software -LRB- CD was unreadable - however v. 1.21 was already posted for download -LRB- ~ 119MB -RRB- . Nice pic - suffering from fading colors when in well lit office environment -LRB- like most cams -RRB- - nice design . Overall decent - with a price tag $ 25 too high .
 It 's awesome , a great buy , the software is amazing and the images are outstanding , I 'm very satisfaied with the buy !
 This web cam works great on my HP ZD8230 laptop with 17 inch screen . I have had no problems at all with it . I has awesome resolution and is very compact . I have had no hardware or software issues with this product .
 This Cam works Great , and is very easy to use.I saw it at Staples for $ 99 , and was delighted to see the low price Amazon offers.I HIGHLY recommend this Cam .
 Microsoft LifeCam NX-6000 WebcamGreat Choice - price , quality , and use . Clips easily to monitor , great low-light ability at high res , and tucks away lens when not in use . Highly recommend !
 Excellent item . Sharp images , compact size , easy connection ~ plug n play . Used in a business to attach images to CRM Database , works like a charm . Super nice price from Amazon !
 Microsoft webcam is very good . Clear vision , easy to take anywhere , very portable , nice webcam . Customer should buy it without thinking . I am fully satisfied with this webcam .
 The photo and video quality are very good but the software has some incompatibilities with Skype software . Being a webcam it should n't .
 Very pleased with this webcam . Very compact , and even gets smaller due to retractable lens , great utility for travel . Worked right from the first time with my laptop . People I video with say the resolution is noticeably better than my old one . Swivel adjustment is handy too . Also comes with nice Microsoft Live Cam software for zooming and other adjustments.One caveat
 This is an amazing webcam ... I love it . It has excellent quality of image . No manual adjustments for focusing . The software controls for zoom , tilt , and pan are cool . It is giving excellent quaility in low light also.Make me look good -LRB- in the cam ;-RRB- -RRB- to my freinds and family.The driver software got along with the cam did not work on Vista , but then it was not difficult to get it online.I would defnitly recommend this . It is also good if you are using Business confrencing.It fits on the laptop like a part of it . The clip at the back is adjustable -LRB- expands -RRB- about 1/2 an inch , but if your minitor is really thin , it may not fit tight . But my guess is that it should be good for 99 % of the laptops out there.I would not recommend this for Desktops unless you want to fix -LRB- glue -RRB- them on top of your monitor .
 This litle unit does everything it advertises . It mounts above my flat panel monitor with a little Velcro and has great resolutioun and sound quality . The manual tilt feature allows you to have the monitor at the desired angle and then center the picture as necessary . In addition it sports a good set of electronic adjustments for Zoom , Brightness , Contrast , Hue , Gamma , Low Light , etc. I bought one for my daughter -LRB- she received it from Amazon in less than 24 hours !! -RRB- and now we Use Windows Live Messanger video calls instead of the telephone , and get to play a little backgammon as a bonus.Great camera at a good price .
 The Micorsoft Lifecam NX-6000 Webcam is a great product for the price . It works well especially for what I am using it for ... a camera in a squad car . It has great picture and sound quality . It is a great value for the money .
 This webcam is the best that I 've used . It has a high MP level so the picture is really good . The problem with it is that the clip is pretty small .
 I like the clarity that this webcam gives and I love the portability as well . I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a new webcam for their laptop .
 The web cam is a very good buy for the price i bought it for.The clarity is good.It can be easily clipped on to the laptop.It comes with a small and a handy case so that you can carry it anywhere.But this is suitable only for laptops since the cable -LRB- USB -RRB- that connects it to the computer -LRB- laptop -RRB- is short in length.Very good for Video chat with family and friends living in the same country or abroad .
 I had ordered this product from Amazon . Product is good as expected but the problem was I did not recieve the product in its original packing .
 I am in Love with the picture clarity and the size of this webcam . It comes with a some cylinderical zip pouch to keep it safe . Its really CUTE .
 Best web cam i used ... Microsoft LifeCam NX-6000 WebcamI bought 2 of these web camera ...
 Great quality , this is my second webcam from microsoft and I ca n't complain much . I just whish the clip worked a little bit better , it bearly fits my laptop .
 Microsoft LifeCam NX-6000 Webcam - This product works very well and I am very satisfied with it .
 The install was easy and it has been trouble free . Everybody has been complimentary of the video & audio quality.I use it exclusively with Skype and have not installed the Microsoft update . I understand that the update causes problems if you use Skype , so I have n't bothered with it .
 The Microsoft LifeCam NX-6000 Webcam is what I have allways wantedto check with mi staff as I travel .
 This is a good camera . It was recognized in Windows 7 and Windows Vista without any problems . The quality image is acceptable . This is beatiful and small . Good for Microsoft with this device .
 Cant beat buying the lastest network spec cable for the masses , at a price that cant be beat ! At this time ... you wont find CAT6 in any big box store like Best Buy !!!
 Ok first , the sound quality is very sweet . Very smooth and very deep bass without becoming `` tubby '' , where the woofer hits and causes a `` deadening sound '' or bottoms out . This sub sounds just great . I have a hatchback and usually you do n't `` need '' anything more than 8 '' but anything smaller than a 10 '' just can not push as much air , which affects the `` thump factor '' . I purchased this way knowing that I can always grow with this sub and that you can always turn it down . It was only about $ 40 more than the 8 '' at 200 watts -LRB- I bought through Discount Jungle for $ 215 -RRB- . I have this set up with my factory deck which is really good for stock , but my deck has only 2 preouts -LRB- front , rear , and no separate sub control -RRB- . I knew this going into this purchase , but assumed that the gain control and crossover would allow me to adequately to control it 's sound . However , it is MUCH harder than I thought . This gain control is strange . Normally , you would be able to turn it all the way down for no bass and turn it up incrementally as you please . Well , all the way down on this sub does not stop the bass , it just takes it to it 's lowest setting , which is still very strong and still too much for certain types of music . I have done some tweaking with the deck and produced a decent compromise with the sound so I am mostly happy , but the gain control was a big bummer and I am constantly adjusting the deck with the music , looking for my sound.With all that being said , I HIGHLY recommend this sub if your deck has 3 preouts , that way you can control the sub independently of the other speakers and not lose bass from them , which creates a much better sound . This would also negate the retarded gain control function . The lack of bass control with a 2 preout deck would be easier to swallow if the gain control went lower than it is set for and you should be able to create a good sound that you would not need to adjust alot.I plan on getting an aftermarket deck anyway , so it is not that huge of a deal for me , but do n't get this sub if you are not prepared to upgrade your deck to allow for separate control . Also note that an 8 inch sub may/probably still have this problem . -LRB- based on my having a 51/2 inch , 50 watt powered sub in my old truck , that made great bass -RRB- All in all , besides the gain control , you can not beat this sub for the quality , construction , price and the convenience of not having to buy or install a separate amp and be able to simply unclip the tube if you need extra room .
 Ok first , the sound quality is very sweet . Very smooth and very deep bass without becoming `` tubby '' , where the woofer hits and causes a `` deadening sound '' or bottoms out . This sub sounds just great . I have a hatchback and usually you do n't `` need '' anything more than 8 '' but anything smaller than a 10 '' just can not push as much air , which affects the `` thump factor '' . I purchased this way knowing that I can always grow with this sub and that you can always turn it down . It was only about $ 40 more than the 8 '' at 200 watts -LRB- I bought through Discount Jungle for $ 215 -RRB- . I have this set up with my factory deck which is really good for stock , but my deck has only 2 preouts -LRB- front , rear , and no separate sub control -RRB- . I knew this going into this purchase , but assumed that the gain control and crossover would allow me to adequately to control it 's sound . However , it is MUCH harder than I thought . This gain control is strange . Normally , you would be able to turn it all the way down for no bass and turn it up incrementally as you please . Well , all the way down on this sub does not stop the bass , it just takes it to it 's lowest setting , which is still very strong and still too much for certain types of music . I have done some tweaking with the deck and produced a decent compromise with the sound so I am mostly happy , but the gain control was a big bummer and I am constantly adjusting the deck with the music , looking for my sound.With all that being said , I HIGHLY recommend this sub if your deck has 3 preouts , that way you can control the sub independently of the other speakers and not lose bass from them , which creates a much better sound . This would also negate the retarded gain control function . The lack of bass control with a 2 preout deck would be easier to swallow if the gain control went lower than it is set for and you should be able to create a good sound that you would not need to adjust alot.I plan on getting an aftermarket deck anyway , so it is not that huge of a deal for me , but do n't get this sub if you are not prepared to upgrade your deck to allow for separate control . Also note that an 8 inch sub may/probably still have this problem . -LRB- based on my having a 51/2 inch , 50 watt powered sub in my old truck , that made great bass -RRB- All in all , besides the gain control , you can not beat this sub for the quality , construction , price and the convenience of not having to buy or install a separate amp and be able to simply unclip the tube if you need extra room .
 Size does matters!I love this sub . Sounds great , and it doesnt sound so loud out my car.When set all the way up , I get an awesome hairdo!Worth every penny !
 Installation difficulty was 2 out of 5 -LRB- 1 being installation of a regular speaker , 5 being most difficult -RRB- depending on your head unit . Much easier to install than a regular sub and amp -LRB- i 've installed 5 myself -RRB- . Mounting was simple and if I need the trunk space , it is very simple to remove . Just unplug one clip of wires and unstrap the straps and it comes right out.Also has a great sound for its size . I was afraid it would sound like someone talking through a tube , but it is omnidirectional . Sounds great with the back seat closed , but if I want some extra thump in my ears , i can open the trunk access through the back seat.I am using a factory stereo and do not plan on changing it out . The remote control is unneccessary , once you get it adjusted , it does not need to be touched . You can always turn up the bass on the stereo . Next step is some good rear speakers to accompany it.Remember , if you 're looking for something to rattle the windows , this is not it . I like to think of it as a bass enhancer rather than a sub . I would go at least 400 watts from a sub and amp separate if you want some real kick.Five stars for portability , sound , and ease of installation .
 I would highly recommend this product . I have a 2 door Honda Accord and it 's plenty of bass for the dance music I listen to .
 i had this thing installed in my hatchback the day after i got it in , and ive been happy since . i really recommend it to anyone that drives a hatch or a truck . it pretty much makes your car the box . i have a friend with a 1500 $ JL setup and it made him kind of jealous . all i wanted for my car was a little more bass and this has given me more than enough . and the price will be hard to beat . ive seen the 61/2 's go for the same price as this setup so i had to jump on it . hope this helps you make your decision ! you wont regret it .
 I wired this up in a full size gmc truck underneath the rear bench seat , hooked to a new sony head unit . I was very impressed with the sound . I was n't looking for window rattling bass -LRB- but it does that also -RRB- , I just wanted to feel it when the drummer hits it in rock music . This improved the quality of my system by leaps and bounds . Installation was a breeze and it tucks nice and neat under the rear seat . If needed I could probably remove the whole thing in less then 10 minutes without any noticeable changes left behind .
 Unit is good . However , when plugged in coax it cut out some of my cable company 's HD digital channels . When cable replugged directly from wall to cable box , all channels reappeared . Thought a company like Tripp Lite would have taken that in consideration when building something like this . Overall , unit is wonderful and I would buy another when opportunity arises .
 Trip-lite makes quality products for both retail and commercial applications . This Isobar surge protector arrived promptly and well packaged . Amazon sells it at about the best price . It is aesthetically pleasing and even came with generously long CATV cable , telephone cable -LRB- to act as intermediate jumpers -RRB- to allow immediate connection . The three multi colored LED lights signal all modes are working . The specs state good lightning protection and sure hope it works . I will post an update should my location or cable service take a stroke hit . I am going to order a second one for my other room 's LED/LCD TV .
 I have many Tripplite units and all are great . I use the outlets and RJ-45 / ethernet protection on this one and it functions perfectly . As some of the other reviews mention the plastic colored indicators are not glued strong but who needs them anyways . The unit is all metal and is very sturdy . Do a google search on surge protector fires and see why its important to have all metal constuction .
 This is the home theater surge suppressor/protector/line conditioner to buy , my first Tripp Lite had one outlet that did n't work . I had a bad surge hit my house the day before I sent it back for a replacement , the reason why I 'm not giving it a four star rating is because it 's the only surge protector that did not trip the breaker ! All my other surge protectors had to be reset , the Tripp Lite clearly was able to take the surge head on without tripping the breaker ! That tells me the Tripp Lite is a quality product with build quality to match , it actually looks nice out in the open next to all my anodized black AV gear . It also came with plastic plugs for outlets not in use , that is nice since it keeps the dust out . Since yesterday I sent in my replacement and I have purchased two more of these Tripp Lites , one for my expensive computer and the other one for my RC charging equipment . The three LED lights , `` Protected '' LED , `` Ground '' LED and `` Line OK '' LED tells you everything is working properly .
 I ordered this because I wanted a quality surge protector to protect my HDTV , Blu Ray player , XBOX360 and receiver . I did n't want to buy a $ 200 - $ 300 surge protector from a high end audio and visual store but I wanted something nice . This thing seams pretty heavy duty , has plenty of connections , and was a decent price . The entire case is made of steel or aluminium and very nicely coated . As long as this thing lasts , I will be very happy .
 A few years ago I did some research on surge protectors . I discovered that this one actually measures up to it 's claims . So , this is the only one I buy ... and I have purchased 2 thus far . No issues.What can I say ? It 's a surge protector . Nothing too awfully fancy or interesting about surge protectors . It does what it 's supposed to .
 Great quality product . I purchased this for my living room but decided to buy the HTPOWER10 for that setup instead . I moved this to my bedroom setup.Great for tight spaces .
 This review is for the `` Tripp Lite HT10DBS Home Theater Isobar Surge Protector `` OVERVIEW : ----------- The HT10DBS is a well-reviewed , high quality value sweet spot among premium surge protectors . It offers UL 1449 3rd Edition verified surge protection with decent EMI/RFI AC line noise protection.This is a premium AV surge protector offering from a company that takes surge protection seriously.MISC . DETAILS : --------------- -LRB- 1 -RRB- Ethernet line -LRB- RJ45 -RRB- surge protection is , like most RJ45 consumer surge protection these days , not for gigabit speed ethernet , it is for up to 100baseT . I confirmed with the company . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The EMI/RFI and noise attenuation is for the unit 's AC outlets , not for the coaxial cable , tel/fax line , and ethernet line , they however get the surge protection , of course . Source
 constructed very well , much better than ones in local stores . You can tell by its weight , it has supiour components in it .
 You can spend tons of money on a surge protector for your TV/home theater . However , after doing a bit of research this has more than enough plugs and connectivity options for me . Tripp Lite in my opinion has always been the gold standard for PC surge protection and this carries on the same high quality standards . The labels on the individual plugs is a very nice touch .
 The unit is very solid with a metal enclosure . The color coded outlets and the tags for the plug cables are also a nice touch . The only issue I had was the attenuation of the broadcast signal from the antenna cable through the protection ports . Either the filter circuit or the antenna cable that came with the device attenuated the signal so that the new HDTV could not get a clear picture . My signal may not be super strong since it is from an antenna in my attic . A older Tripp Lite device on my previous TV helped remove RF interference from the power supply in my VCR and protected my electronics from a power surge so I believe in the quality of their products .
 Compared to so many surge protector/power strips these days this product feels very solid . It is not built out of plastic like so many competitors.Pros :1 -RRB- Solid construction2 -RRB- Three sets of coaxial cable surge protectors . Enough can not be said about this feature . With so many people having satellite , which has at least two sets , and sometimes cable also for local channels , Internet , Phone , or all of the above , this is exactly what is needed . I got so tired of looking for surge protectors that only had protection for one coaxial cable .3 -RRB- Ethernet and phone protection4 -RRB- Long power cable5 -RRB- Plenty of outlets all facing toward the side so that you can fit power blocks.Cons :1 -RRB- Labels are a little cheesy and can fall off easily . This does n't bother me because I do n't need them anyway . However , I wanted to mention it since it might matter to some .
 I like this product . I have used the same one with my plasma tv/home theater set-up for a couple of years . This product has lots of capacity and all of the bells and whistles . You can also find it pretty well discounted on the Internet.I think it is a good product and now I have one installed on my second home theater system .
 Now I have not had any lightning strikes to test this out but I like its feature set and its price which is so much less than over priced monster . There is no `` line conditioner '' but my picture is crystal clear before and after I hooked up the Tripp.Also , my DirecTV installer -LRB- who was lame -RRB- said that no surge protector works with the satellite and not to bother . Well I did bother and the channels change fine without a `` surge break . '' The tech guy for DirecTV said it is hit or miss and after changing all the channels without difficulty this one is a hit .
 Seems to be a real solid product . As long as it protects my equipment as advertised , I 'll be happy . So far , so good.Wanted to mention that part of the reason I got this , was to be able to truly kill the power to all the things I have connected to it with just a flip of a switch . Electronics continue to use power even when they are supposedly turned off , and run up your power bill for nothing . Since I have been using this , my power bill has gone down noticeably . Good for me and good for the environment .
 1st one was a dud . 6/10 outlets did not work . Amazon shipped me a new one next day and I scheduled a UPS pick up next day as well . The Amazon return process rocks ! The second one seems to be working great.I do n't know how well it will actually protect my equipment . I hope I never have to try to file a claim . The unit has great specifications , I was most intrested in the filtered outlets -LRB- however they work -RRB- which is supposed to decrease signal noise in audio and video streams.Like someone else mentioned , it is built like a tank . Makes my old surge protector look tiny in comparison.I 'm going to buy a second one of these as soon as the price drops back down . I paid $ 50 and the price is up to about $ 80 now .
 I have always used surge protection for my audio and video equipment . Recently my friend told me about Tripp Lite -- it is a company I was not familiar with , but after some research I am sold !! Tripp lite makes first class equipment at a very reasonable price . Why buy Monster equipment when you can get as good or better stuff from Tripp Lite for a much better price and the quality is seconf to none .
 I bought this on recommendation from a friend of mine who owns one . I bought a 42 '' plasma screen a couple of years ago and with it I bought a monster surge protector with the clean power filter built in . The monster unit burnt out recently which prompted me to look elsewhere since the monster unit smelled like it would have caught fire had I not been home to find it was broke . I 've only had this for a couple of days but so far so good , and I 've noticed an improved picture over the monster unit even . This unit is very heavy duty where the monster unit was lightweight and made of all plastic . Best of all is that this was way less expensive than the products I looked at locally and this seems to be top of the quality as far as how it 's built . I do n't think I 'll be having to buy a new one in the next 5 years so I 'm happy .
 The layout of the AC sockets and connectors along with the overall construction is quite good . I now have two Tripp Lite HT10DBS units in our home . One for the large screen TV & satellite system . The other for my main desktop PC , cable modem , Wi-FI etc. . We experienced a lightning hit that came in through the underground Comcast cable line . There was no lightning protection installed on the cable line . The cable company just installs a grounding adapter at the house power box no protection from lighting entering in via the center conductor . The HT10DBS has two independent ports for two lines such as the cable signal , satellite antenna or antenna connection . It also will do Ethernet protection . I have it hooked between my cable modem and the wireless router at my PC .
 I know it is very good product and that 's why I bought itthe only one thing to me is the socket labeling are bad becausewhen you work on dim lighting conditon and you need flashlight to shine on this unit then you will get the reflectionsnd you would not be able to see the lable letter any moreesppecially they using gold color letters !
 Product works as advertised . I would recommend this item to anyone looking for a quality surge protector for their home theater .
 I bought this to replace a Monster Home Theater surge protector that had developed the dreaded buzzing noise . This surge protector is narrow and fits behind my shelves very easily . It has plenty of space for both plugs and bulkier adapters . I hope I never need to test its surge protector capabilities . I do appreciate the fact that it smooths the signal . It has a flat plug that goes to the wall outlet , which is something else I appreciate .
 So far so good . I just hope that this item wont break down just like the other surge protector item I bought .
 I like feeling that my myriad `` units '' are well protected . This product seems solid and well made . My only complaint is that I wish the coax receptacles were further apart , so I could tighten/loosen them more easily .
 It seems to be hard to research surge suppressors online.There are n't many sites that compare them . They do n't have well known specs . The HT10DBS was favorably compared in an old article from about two years ago . That was really all I had to go by . It seems to be working fine but you do n't know until you have a bad storm and lightning . I also considered the battery backups , which are more expensive , but here again there was n't really any good information and comments indicated that you wind up changing the internal batteries as often as once or twice a year . There was n't enough information to know whether it was worth the extra cost and hassle .
 We have had this surge protector for awhile now with no problems . I would recommend this surge protector to anyone . It is metal not plastic which personally I like .
 This protector works as promised . I had a power outage yesterday and my new iMac turned itself off . It came back on with no problem reopening applications . Thank you !
 Very easy to use , highly flexible . I bought 3 of these - one for the living room gear , one for the computer room , and one for the gear in the bedroom . In FL , we get a lot of lightening . Better than to be safe than with out .
 I purchased this unit about 1 month ago , based on Tripp Lite 's reputation , good customer reviews , and reasonable price . I agree with those who are critical of the labeling , which can be hard to read , and the color of the ground LED , which is red and not green.Thang D
 Excellent product -- solid construction and is working very well so far through our first power surges . : - -RRB-
 I played Santa for myself this past Christmas with some new electronic items and bought this after much online searching , talking to techno geek buddies of mine , and determining that it would be foolish to NOT protect my investments by getting one of these . After it arrived , I was so impressed with its heft and construction and features , that I ordered a second one to protect my home office electronics ! Definitely a strong recommendation . Just shop around for a good price since I found there was some variability and these puppies are by no means cheap ...
 This surge protector was recommended by several audio and home theatre internet sites . It 's solid in construction and is aesthetically pleasing . There are three indicator lights that serve as a heads up as to wether the surge protector is working properly or not . The 10 outlets are labeled -LRB- DVD , Amp , receiver , CBL/SAT , etc. -RRB- . It also comes with additional labels if you have two of any electronic device or do not like the label arrangment on the surge protector . The outlets are spaced out so its easy to fit as many as 6 transformers onto the surge protector . On the side of the surge protector are inputs for a phoneline and an internet line . The device also allows protection for up to three coaxial cables . The output Watt capacity is 1440 watts . This surge protector has allowed me to safely and adequately protect everything in my room . It is great if you want to organize all the wires behind a desk or TV/audio stand . I am thoroughly impressed with the device and would recommend it to anyone .
 So I built a new home theater recently with the following devices : * 65 '' WD-65831 TV * XBox 360 + HD-DVD Player * Nintendo Wii * Sony VCR * Motorola 6200 Set Top Box * Onkyo 990 THX Sound System -LRB- Receiver + Sub use power -RRB- So every single plug on this thing is full ... I was really worried I had n't bought big enough even though this is the 2nd from the top of the line Tripp Lite that is made and I have to say it 's been performing like an absolute champ . I 've never had a surge or power failure . Even when I flip all 3 of the most power hungry devices on at once -LRB- using Harmony remote -RRB- there is no indication that there is n't enough power.My wife and I have watched a few movies through some pretty serious monsoons here with no ill effects ... I would n't advise that , but we were right in the middle of the movie and did n't want to stop.I would absolutely buy this again or anything else from Tripp Lite . The power block itself is really heavy , made out of strong steel , nicely labeled and just a top notch piece of electronics . Not to mention the warranty covering damage due to a power surge up to 200k I believe .
 I purchased the HT10DBS about 2 years ago . It has great price to performance ratio . Tripp lite is well known for their Isobar surge suppression units which are top of the line . I have always used their products for my computers . When it was time to a high end home theater system , I opted for the HT10DBS . I do not regret it . The unit has sturdy construction and has a line conditioner built in . Last fall we had a lightning strike in our front yard while my system was on and it totally saved my AV units while frying one of the neighbor 's cars -LRB- the electrical system was toast ! -RRB- . There are other more famous and marketed brands out there which charge more for their products -LRB- you know who they are -RRB- . Do n't bother with them , stick with Tripp lite !
 Works as expected and was given high marks in other home theater reviews . The only complaint I have is that it has 3 working L.E.D 's . Two of them are in green which means it 's functioning properly and one of them -LRB- The gound -RRB- is in red which leads you to believe that the outlet is not grounded properly . However , red is good in this case . I guess if it did n't light at all it would be bad . IMHO , I think all three should be green . Do n't you ?
 In the 30 + years I 've lived in my house , I 've never experienced a power-related failure in any electronic equipment , so I debated about ordering this surge protector . However , concerned that my luck might be running out , I purchased this unit based on Tripp Lite 's reputation , good customer reviews , and reasonable price . It seems to be well made and has enough outlets to meet my needs . I agree with those who are critical of the labeling , which can be hard to read , and the color of the ground LED , which is red and not green . The only other comment I would make is that there are only two isolated filter banks and not five as I assumed . This probably is n't a big deal , but just make sure that you use the two isolated banks for your most valuable equipment . In my case , I used them for my plasma TV and surround sound receiver.I hope I never have to test this unit , but I feel better knowing that it 's there .
 So far ... we feel safer using our Tripp Lite surge protector ! Before we bought this Tripp Lite HT10DBS and hooked it up , our 42 '' HDTV had been disabled twice by nearby lightening . Our HDMI inputs stopped working -LRB- `` No Signal '' -RRB- . So , after we hooked up the Tripp Lite HT10DBS , our HDTV has been working . We live in FL which is known to have severe lightening storms in the summer . Another good thing about this protector is that the picture in our HDTV has become really crisp and clear . I 'm very pleased !
 This surge protector is top notch . This thing is cheaper and better than any of the ones that they offer at Best Buy or in retail stores . It has 10 outlets , they are spaced very nicely apart so you can fit big transformers if you need to . The other feature that this product has , which is what made me buy it , is the fact it has Ethernet ports built in so you can protect your networked computers/XBOX 360/blu-ray player . Most surge protectors only have a phone jack protectors , which is n't even applicable for my setup . Solid construction with the metal housing too . It has easy to read lights on it for `` protected '' and `` grounded '' so you know everything is properly working when plugged in . The only drawback is the colored/pre-labeled outlet identifiers that say `` TV '' `` VCR '' etc is not glued on well . It was peeling off the surge protector out of the box , but I really do n't care about that as I do n't follow the pre-labeled outlets anyway .
 This product offers the needed items for home theater protection - surge protection of your power supplies , coax inputs , and phone/network and line noise filters for the power input and plug to plug isolation . The price is far less than the Monster equivilent , but do not let that fool you into thinking it is an inferior product . I trust Tripp Lite and if you buy and use Tripp Lite products , you will too . -LRB- One review pointed out how the Ground Fault light is red when nothing is wrong , I agree with the reviewer , Tripp Lite should have made the light green . -RRB-
 Ca n't say much about a product like this until lightning strikes , but it does appear to be well-constructed ; has a solid , quality feel in a metal case.Phone and coax outlets are well-placed for my application , but I might prefer the power cord exit in a different location , perhaps out of the bottom of the case -LRB- long side -RRB- , since I have both of my units wall mounted.I did a few hours of research before I settled on this one . Tripp-Lite seems to have the best overall price/quality ratings from users on other forums . Most others , with the possible exception of Belkin -LRB- which are not quite as asthetically pleasing -RRB- do not have the joule ratings of Tripp-Lite . Then there 's Monster ... totally overpriced for the protection you get .
 I install home theater systems for a living.I purchase these units for use with larger home theater setups -LRB- with multiple devices , such as game consoles , video streamers , bluray players , etc -RRB- . For smaller systems I use the 6 port model -LRB- see below -RRB- . Here are the reasons I use these units :1 -RRB- Quality . I only use high quality products in customer installations . These units exude quality both in specs and looks .2 -RRB- Protection . These surge protectors have a surge suppression rating of 3840 Joules . That 's a lot of protection ; higher then most in-home surge protector bars . This means whatever is plugged into these -LRB- such as TV 's and computers -RRB- will have a better chance of surviving then a lower rated surge bar . It 's backed by a $ 500,000 Ultimate Lifetime Insurance .3 -RRB- Noise Filtration . This is a feature found only higher quality surge protectors . This feature prevents appliances -LRB- blenders , refrigerators , fans -RRB- from degrading your TV picture and sound quality when in use . It also helps prevent lock-ups and data errors on PCs and other high end components . This is a MUST .4 -RRB- Heavy Duty . Yeah , these are n't breaking , ever . Every surface is solid metal , painted black . They weigh about 5 pounds , which makes them feel SOLID .5 -RRB- Easy . They plug in and work . No buttons . Plug in , your done .6 -RRB- Amount of Ports . 10 power ports . This unit is great if you have a lot of devices plugged into your TV -LRB- surround sound receiver , game consoles , video streamers , bluray players , etc -RRB- To date , I have not had a single one of these products fail on me . If they ever do , I will update this review , with details.Note
 My header pretty much says it . I have been able to now protect my telephone , coaxial TV Antenna , CAT5 router , and all my power bricks all with one device . After losing several thousand $ $ from a nearby lightning strike that crept in on my phone line , I looked for the best protector I could find and I feel this is it . I ended up buying two additional smaller Tripp Lite protectors because I liked everything this one offered .
 Read other reviews to find this surge suppressor had one of the best warranty 's . Design is well built and organized to help indentify your plugs . Nice Unit
 Owned it for a few months now . Excellent connectivity for my use and I had no problems at all . It 's built like a tank .
 As others have mentioned , this is an excellent surge suppressor . It has 10 outlets - some of which are isolated -LRB- good if you have a powered subwoofer that might be picking up some noise from the 60Hz interference -RRB- , an 8 foot long power cord , safety covers , 3 x Coax protection jacks , 1 x phone or network protection , LED indicators and you can mount this unit . Also included are 1 x coax cable , 1 x phone cable , and 1 x ethernet cable .
 This is a solid piece of construction with 3 indicator lights and works great . I got it becuase on audioholics they suggested it for a home theater with a budget up to $ 25,000 .
 So far the HT10DBS has been flawless . The only problem I ran into was that the device comes with a network cable , but the one I got was defective . I had an extra cable laying around and used it successfully , but I have to contact Tripp Lite to get a replacement for the defective one .
 On something like this you never truely know its performance until a disaster strikes but I feel very comfortable with the Tripp Lite products . I 've never had a problem with any of them and this seems like another solid product from them .
 I 've had this speaker set for about 8 years and they still work great . They do work great for music when there is more of a constant sound being transmitted . Not so well for classical music , etc or movies/tv that have many quiet parts -LRB- speakers make a popping sound as it picks up sound again -RRB- . My biggest complaint is the batteries only lasted a couple years and would n't hold a charge anymore . After buying a replacement battery that only lasted so long , I opened the speaker case and setup an external connection wire with an accessory plug to a 12v portable car start battery that has more capacity . A slight hassle , but nice to have the portability out in the yard . It 's nice to listen to more than just the local radio stations outside of the house , with having a Roku player with thousands of internet radio stations , Pandora music , Netflix and many other choices for TV and movies .
 I bought this for my husband and he loves it , no problems and loves how it looks . User friendly .
 I needed a SATAII external enclosure because I accidently bought a SATAII hard drive instead of a PATA drive . I plugged in the wires to the drive and hooked it up to my computer . It worked just as advertised.The only drawback is that it slightly more difficult to open than my metal gear box that I previously had . The screws are tiny -LRB- eyeglass size -RRB- and you have to take most of them out to remove the cover . The cover also does not fit just right without some effort . This minor inconvenience is worth it to me to get a good priced enclosure that does what it is supposed to do .
 This is a very nice enclosure and even a non technical guy like me had no trouble installing the hard drive and getting it up and running
 Small rubber feet at corners not visible in photo provide sound deadening when resting flat , but the vertical mount clip transmits hum vibration -- you can feel with hand on unit running , from the rotation -- to tabletops . 1/4 '' closed cell -LRB- denser , more durable -RRB- weatherstrip foam strips across ends works well , but not densest foam mounting tape . Apparently computer cases absorb this when drives mounted internally . Could be more a problem with 3.5 instead of 2.5 '' drives.Handy because of both USB and eSATA jacks , cable included . Polished piano black and chrome.Supplied 3ft shielded , stiff eSATA cable did not work while a short , flexible one did -- the interface is good .
 This thing is a work mule for me . I had an old 500gig drive . I found it easy to install the drive . there were 2 jacks . A power jack and drive jack slide drive into case then install 2 screws to hold case closed . Plugged it up and my drive came to life . The drive stays cooler than when I had it in my computer case . I move it around a lot and do n't feel the drive sliding around inside . Although the on off button should be in front after you use it a few times you hand just knows where to go to turn it off . There are no other buttons that you could accidentally touch . this is a great way to save a drive that you have no room for internally in your computer . My DVD accepts usb drives and can play divx movies straight from this unit.Philips DVP5960 DVD Player with HDMI , 1080i Upscaling , DivX Ultra , USB directAlso I heard that with the esata out you can plug this into your cable dvr box and add storage space that way . If you try it remember it formats the drive to work with the cable box so make sure the drive is blank .
 perfect compact size and when paired with proper amplifier sounds great.would definitely recommend if looking for something that wo n't take up all your space .
 When I restored my 1967 Camaro , I installed an Alpine MRP-F300 four channel amplifier along with Infinity Kappa 692.9 i speakers in the rear package tray and Infinity Kappa 462.9 cfp speakers in the kick panels . The sound was 1000 % better than it had ever been in the 45 year old car . But it wasn &#8217; t really good enough . So I recently pulled the amplifier and replaced it with an Alpine MRX-V70 amplifier that also has a subwoofer channel . I was struggling with how to install a fixed subwoofer in the Camaro and finally decided to simply place an 8 &#8221; Bazooka BT8014 tube in the floor space of the backseat area -LRB- no one ever rides in the back seat anyway ! -RRB- . The sound difference is amazing and rivals the high-end factory JBL system in my wife &#8217; s Toyota Highlander ! I couldn &#8217; t be more pleased with the results .
 I have this sub wired to a Sony CDX-GT610Ui head unit via an Alpine F300 4 channel amplifier in my 1998 VW GTI hatchback . The front 2 channels feed my 4 Pioneer TS-A1683R 4-Way 6.5 '' Speakers -LRB- channel 1 has left front and rear , and channel 2 has right front and rear -RRB- . The Bazooka sub is fed by channels 3 and 4 , which are bridged to provide 150 watts of power , which is more than adequate . The system really sounds great . There is plenty of power to go around to all the speakers , and the bazooka 8 '' sub provides great bass sound to complement the mids and highs from the Pioneers . I have the LP crossover frequency on the amp for channels 3 and 4 set at about 120 Hz , and the HP crossover frequency on the amp for channels 1 and 2 set at about 100 Hz . These settings let the bazooka pound out the bass , and spare the pioneers the lows that might otherwise blow them to pieces . I have cranked the sound up to the point where it hurts my ears , and the bazooka handles the bass flawlessly , without distortion , and the pioneers do the same with the mids and highs . And I do like my to play my music loud . Thievery Corporation , Black-Eyed Peas , Lil ` Wayne , 50 Cent , Whiz Khalifa - all sound fantastic . This bazooka subwoofer has exceeded my expectations for sound quality and power .
 This bazooka tube sounds awesome in my f150 ! fits good under the rear seat and provides a ton of bass ... I was n't expecting it to sound so good ! Got mine for under 100 bucks ! WHAT A DEAL !!!!
 Upon purchase and recieving item , i was pleased arrived quickly with no probs , ive owned bazooka tubes before like in the 90 , s this one seems to be made with similar quality , im sure i will be pleased after hooking it up , wich i havnt done yet . i bought the rockford fosgate r 250 prime series amplifier to power this tube , i hope it isnt over powered im sure it will be tested completly using this power source . so will see if bazooka has made any improvements soon enough . i LIKE BAZOOKA TUBES THEY HAVE GOOD SOUND QUALITY , and easy to mount and hook up , you only need one per vehicle .
 This was the last piece of equipment to complete my sound system . To be honest , it was this sub that has made the biggest difference . Everything is powered by a 5 channel amp , and what a difference having a sub makes . Nice , warm bass coming from the bazooka , fills the entire car . I keep it turned down on the HU , the sub setting is on 4 out of 12 , and the amp has a nifty sub adjustment knob -LRB- very useful , since songs can vary so much in bass level -RRB- Plenty of bass for me !
 I bought this product for my car . I needed something to add a little more bass to my music -- I was n't looking to shake the walls . It took me an hour to connect the Tube to my stereo , and it sounds great ! I can adjust the bass from the tube and control how much output I get . I would definitely buy form this seller again .
 Man this thing sounds great . Super clean , wo n't blow your eardrums . Set up correctly , this thing will amaze , so read the instructions !
 I bought this to add the missing frequencies that my stock Silverado sound system cant produce . I have had the 10 '' ones in the past and LOVE them . I was a little skeptical that the 6 '' one would hit low enough for me to really enjoy it , but SAS does it again . Without looking at it people would guess you have a 12 or even a 15 back there . Its great . Hits hard , hits low , and doesnt take a ton of power to get it going . If you were skeptical of this for the size , dont be . The frequency response is AMAZING for a 6 inch speaker !!
 Bazooka makes a great product . I bought this for $ 75 , added a little 80watt Fosgate amp and sold it two days later to a friend . Nice little woofer that fills the car with thump . It will not destroy your ears but you can definately hear it .
 I had this slaved to a BTA6250D -LRB- Bazooka 6.5 '' digital built-in amped tube -RRB- . It sounds really good , but does n't get super load . Perhaps because of my larger cabin space . Then again it is only 6 '' subs . I heard/read that the smaller tubes were able to hit a larger bass frequency range and it sure did seem that was as it hit the low and high bass very nicely . I ran them for a month and have since sold them to a guy with a truck . It should do tons better in a truck cab . I just needed something more to balance my mids/highs so I 've ventured into some of the more non-mainstream stuff . If you 're just looking for good clean bass in cabin and not too concerned about wowing your friends standing around your car , then this is a great option .
 Great addition to the 6025 amplified tube . They both sound like a champ . They fit behind the seats of my2011 Superduty Crew Cab .
 Que sub que tiene fuerza , nitides y calidad en su cuerpo.La verdad que es un regalo por su precio y su calidad , no podia imaginar que fuera algo fuera de serie .
 I 'd forgotten my firewire cable , and my 3G iPod was running down . I was facing an undefended airplane trip!Panic set in , but I caught site of this at an airport store . It worked perfectly . It does n't lock onto the iPod so you ca n't wave your Pod around -- the battery will go flying . It worked well in my headphone case.They claim 8 hours of life . Based on the size and heft I suspect it 's a LiOn battery internally . I think they have a very good shelf life , so one of these will probably see you through a few separate crises . I 'm carrying one in my luggage from now on , and I 'll put this on my cart for my next Amazon order .
 had returned this product for vcs 10 because was unable to connect to reciever directly but the seller was great about it and gave me no problem
 Bazooka 6 '' tube sub was a compromise since my space behind the seat was small . I had heard pro and con about a speaker this small but it surpassed my expectations . Fits in small space with an amazingly large sound .
 As with most other reviews I have read on this item , I must start out with saying that I am totally surprised at the amount of thump this little tube puts out . With only a 6 inch woofer , it 's truly remarkable . It installs in just minutes , but do n't let that fool you as far as the quality of it . It definitely seems like this thing is built for the long haul . It came `` overpacked '' from the factory , if you will , meaning that it was going to take a LOT to damage this thing in shipping . No worries there . I tossed it around in my mind for a long time as to whether or not I needed what everybody told me was that `` missing low end '' in my truck . I finally decided to try this unit out and boy , am I glad I did . I thought I had a good setup before . I 'm hearing things in my music now that I did n't before and all with good , tight bass thump . Thanks a bunch !!!
 I 've had one in my Saturn for a year and I have been very pleased with the unit .
 Great sound from a small package and will fit in a small place . They really fill out my sound . Great price also .
 I put this sub in my Mazda b3000 single cab and all I can say is bump bump . For the price it 's probably the best sub for a single cab truck . And my seat is n't a foot forward lol
 This tube beats any box on the market lows are clean subsonic sounds are awesome without the rattle of a braking box and it 's a perfect fit in the cab of my truck just behind the seat .
 Great bass tube coupled w/a Rockford Fosgate Punch 300 . Originally bought the 8 '' but it was too big for my fold down seats . Plenty of punch for my 2011 F-150 extended cab and fits under the rear fold down seat perfectly ! If you 're putting this in a truck w/a fold down seat , this is for you . The 8 '' is too big and this performs just as good !
 The wife was not pleased with the huge 12 '' ported box I installed for her in a 2011 Traverse because it took up too much space in the cargo area . This was the perfect solution . Fits behind the 2nd seat on the floor of the 3rd row with the seats up or down . She says it sounds better than the old one ! Note
 was skeptical at first not knowing what to expect from this sub.needed the extra bass but space was very limited . -LSB- installed in 2009 international prostar semi -RSB- . this sub rock 's . fills the sleeper cab space with awesome bass and takes up very little room.Have it hooked up to a sony digital head unit and crunch p5000 amp.very nice product .
 I have a 2005 GMC Envoy XL , which is a large vehicle . I wanted something that can fit in a nook when the third row of seats are folded down , and this is it.No , it does n't sound as good as the full-size 10 '' subwoofer , but it sounds far better than you would think for how small it is.I am powering it with a Crunch 1000W amplifier .
 I had a pair of these used bazooka 's hooked up to one of the kicker 100 watt 1 ohm stable amps in my van and they were very impressive . I eventually sold the 2 bazzoka 's to my brother and I installed them in his crew cab under the rear seats . WOW , simply awesome . I too used another 100 watt Kicker amp -LRB- class D -RRB- and the amp saw a two ohm load , and would put out around 83-85 watts for the speakers to share . These tubes are on their third owner and are very acurate and loud if installed according to directions . Plus they do n't get beat up and fit anywhere . enjoy the bass .
 This tube sub sounds totally amazing , and the best part is that it fits perfectly -LRB- just -RRB- behind the back seat of my Toyota truck . I stronly recommend the product . I am confident that you will NOT be disappointed if you buy one of these .
 Tan peque & ntilde ; o y tan gran sonido , que calidad en su bajos y que buen desempe & ntilde ; o. Excelente producto , lo recomiendo
 It does what it needs . Nice finish . Surface smudges easy but that 's the finish . This blank space rack is made to match the other pieces in the set .
 I had a Rio S10 mp3 player since Christmas of 2002 , and I was in love with it . Unfortunatley it got stolen so I had to go back out into the market . At first I wanted a hard-drive or micro hard-drive mp3 player like the Rio Karma or Muvo 2 , but I realized its too expensive , too big , skips , and I do n't need that much space.A lack of avliablility or selection kept me off the market for a few months . But I saw new flash based mp3 players coming in from iRiver and Samsung . The iRiver got editor 's choice on it 's CNet review , so I was closing in on it , until I saw it 's appearance . It was Red , Black , and Silver with a Blue Backlight . Can anyone say , tacky ? Your friends out there who probably do n't know any other mp3 player exists other than the iPod -LRB- which I recommend to avoid due to its horrendous battery life , high price , no FM Tuner or Voice Recorder , and lack of other features -RRB- would not be impressed at all and think it was a knockoff purchased from the streets of New York . Yes , the iRiver has great functions , features and is jam-packed , but a big deal for me is the appearance , so I would have bought the iRiver if nothing better came along . In comes the Samsung YP-T5H . A friend of mine had an older model of a 128mb Samsung , I believe it was the Pendant , but it looked nice and was small and compact with good features . Well I went to Amazon and CNet to check it out when I saw a new line of Yepp ` s coming in , the YP-T5H and YP-T5V . Now , at first I wanted the T5V , since it had 256 mb memory . But I did n't like its color , I was attracted to the Platinum color of the Y5H . It was a beauty . But it looked big and blocky . So I had to go to Best Buy myself to check it out . And boy , was that thing small . Grab a normal Crayola Marker , take of the cap . The mp3 player is that big , the size of the cap . Since it had great looks and size , and it had a good list of features , I bought it to try it out.This thing is loaded with features ! It has an FM Tuner , Voice Recording , FM Encoding , Lyrics Database , and oh yea , of course , music playing . The sound quality is good , the LCD is easy to read and informative . The Voice Recorder is crisp and clear and the FM Radio is sufficient . It has great sound quality and a wide range of EQ Functions . And with its size , who could go wrong ? The button layout is good , along with a joystick that seeks and changes the volume . The only thing it does n't have that the new iRiver has is Line-In recording . Although not a big feature , this means you can bring any line-in jack and plug it into your mp3 player and it will record . Now who would use that ? I do n't know but for example , you could plug your VCR Line-In cable to the mp3 player and record a quote from a movie , or plug in your video game console line-in cable to the mp3 player and record your favorite video game tune.The software is mediocre , it manages its own connection so no other program other than the software will recognize it as an mp3 player , so that means no RealOne Player or Windows Media Player . But oh well , I never used them anyway to manage my mp3 player . And it does what it is supposed to.Now for its cons . I mentioned it is incredibly small , so like my * RIP * Rio S10 , it can be very easy to steal or lose . So keep good responsibility of it . It has no AM Radio , so keep that in mind . And it does n't have any line-in recording . But those are the only cons about this beauty.If you want a player that is loaded , compact , good value , and could care less about the looks , get the new red iRiver player . Or if you want Line-In recording and place that over looks , get the iRiver player also . But if you want a loaded player that is extremely compact , outstanding value and looks great to impress friends , get this . At $ 119 , who can go wrong ? 128 mb should be enough for 2-3 full albums . The only thing you are missing is line-in recording but most people could do without that . The world 's smallest mp3 player is highly recommended .
 I just had to write this review because the other two reviewerssaid some things about this player that are not true and I justhate the idea of potential customers being misled by insufficientor false information :1 . this player is very user friendly
 Samsung 's YP-T5H is a very attractive model that feels rather well-made . I decided to choose it over comparable iRivers , due to their added bulk and somewhat ` plasticky ' appearance . I 've had it for quite a few months now , and its intuitive , easy-to-use interface coupled with its ability to double as a flash drive -LRB- it really is plug and play -- never had to use the included software cd at all -RRB- are a major plus . The quality of FM depends on your location -- sometimes you 'll get static , and other times it will be clear . The battery life is somewhat disappointing , which is why I 'm giving it a 4 and not a 5 . Overall , not bad .
 Pros
 This MP3 player produces great sound and it is so small you can put it almost anywhere ! Lots of accessories come with it , but the instructions on installation of this product were very unclear ! I just got the product yesterday and I spent 2 hours at the computer trying to figure out how to install it properly . I still have n't figured it out . Other than that the product works great and is exactly what I expected !
 got not driver with the card . Had a tuff time find the driver and installing it too .
 It works ! It 's sturdy ! It 's a battery charger ! What more can you say ?
 This is my first mp3 player . I have seen and used other ones but this one is by far the best for its sise . I am going to review it in the following catigorys.Durability
 This is my first mp3 player , other than the good points told by others , there is something I like better , this gadget plays songs continuously even if I off it and on it a couple of hours later , so I do n't have to go thru all the songs which I listened before . Great sound , great features for the good price.But ... I had problem upgrading the firmware to the latest , almost driving my Yeppy to death , driver 's gone , could n't even power up , for a minute I was thinking of returning this to Amazon.com.Luckily after I re-install the driver , it works again . This time , the firmware upgrading was a success.Anyway , it could be the mistake I made when I tried to upgrade the firmware . Anyway , it 's all behind me now.other than this problem , I would say this is a really good 5 ***** mp3 player no matter what people says . . -LRB- for that kind of money , what do you expect ? -RRB- . To me , what matter the most are , the features -LRB- plays songs , FM radio , and audio recording . -RRB- and its actual size -LRB- 2/3 of the size of a lipstick -RRB- . Seriously , While you 're trying to abandon the bulky CD player , why get another bulky MP3 player ?
 I originally bought the MOJO TDK 256 MB Player , but I had to return it b/c it was n't fully compatible with Windows Media Player 10 and the sound did n't sound quite right.I immediately noticed the difference with the Samsung . Compared to the MOJO TDK , the joystick interface on the Samsung is really intuitive . It 's really easy to move your music files since the YEP works as a mass storage device . It 's also integrated with Windows Media Player 10 so you can create playlists on WMP 10 and sync it to the YEP.Since the YEP has SRS/WOW , the sound is fantastic compared to the MOJO TDK . The BASS and surround sound effects are fabuluous . The backlit display can be customized to several different colors.If you 're looking for a small MP3 player that you can carry around effortlessly with awesome sound , this is the player for you !
 i chose this player because of its size and various reviews of its sound quality . it had amazing sound for such a small package . the controls on the device are surprisingly easy to use considering the size of the buttons . one word of warning , the instructions for loading music onto the device are HORRIBLE ! i finally found that it was much easier to load music onto it using my windows media player that i already had on my computer . it allows you to sync everything onto the device and will convert any necessary formats for use . i would highly recommend using that instead of the YEPP studio that comes with the device . other than that , it 's a great product !
 My wife got me this little mp3 player for my birthday last June . I picked it out because of its small size and features -LRB- flash memory , fm radio , voice recorder , fm recorder , in-line recording -RRB- . No complaints about performance - though I 've turned off the backlight to minimize the power drain.Durability - I left it in a pair of jeans and did some laundry - a heavy-duty , hot-water wash . Found it lying in the bottom of the washer afterwards . Took out the battery and set the player under a fan for a few hours and ... presto ... works as well as it did before.Try that with an I-Pod ...
 I bought this unit as a pocket MP3 player + FM tuner . It is a solid unit ... I sent it through the washing machine with no ill effects.Excellent sound . Only issue I have is battery life is < 10 hours on a new alkaline battery .
 I 've had this player for over six months , and I 've never regretted it . It delivers great sound , at a very affordable price . I had a rather tough time learning to use it -- but Sanyo 's `` 800 '' help-line had a real `` human '' on-tap , to walk me through CD-to-MP3 conversion , and the `` how to 's '' of linking an external storage device to my PC . Unlike another reviewer , I 've found the player pretty `` easy on '' its AAA battery . I 'm a golfer , and can practice or play with this little fella tucked discreetly in a pocket -- it 's SO much more convenient than the CD player I used to drag around.I 've , since , picked up the larger 1-GB version from Samsung , and find it equally reliable and useful . The headphones , by the way , are GREAT .
 I got this mp3 player for my early Chisrtmas present and it 's my first one ever . I started using it and I mislead by the software that came with it . I thought that I was supposed to upload music files through there , but it did n't . I was getting frustrated . And later , I found out that you 're supposed to drag it into the window for the mp3 player . It can be a bit confusing at first but it just takes one or two hours of exploration of the system to get the hang of it . Also , there is this little feature which you can change the color of the light of the screen to green , blue , red , orange , light blue , violet , lilac , and random which I find very neat . It 's so amazing that this little , puny machine has so many great features . The frequency of the radio is so much better than my oversized stereo ! How crazy is that ?! However , the joysick which you use to move around is very tiny and hard to control and move with . The sound really depends on the type of earphones or headphones that you use . The earphone that come with the package is okay but I tried it with my other headphone and it was significantly better . So before you judge the machine , try using better listening devices .
 This is the only one of four MP3 players i tried that had acceptable sound quality . All the others ; Rio , RCA , Nike had a strange high pitched noise no matter what the source of the audio files . The Yepp does not , and the WOW sound is really quite good . The only problem is that no matter how you put songs into thae player , it plays them back in alphabetical order . This drove me crazy . The only solution to this is to put each album -LRB- or collection of songs -RRB- in its own folder and copy them using windows explorer . Then each folders songs are in order . other than that problem this is the best MP3 player you can get for the money .
 Pros
 Since I used everyone else 's reviews to choose my MP3 , I should write my own review now that I have it . I could not decide between this unit and the I-River models , but now that I have it I think I made a good choice . Since everyone wants to know the bad side of the products , here are my only gripes.The cover for the USB cable will probably break off , and it is not does n't open while in the case , so you have to take it out of the case and fumble with the cover to connect to the PCBeing so small it can be hard to fumble with the buttons while on the move.The plastic case itself is difficult to put on and off and will probably break.The little earbud headphones sound pretty good for a throw-in pair , but there is enough cord to jump rope with , which will be awkward to jog with . I will probably buy another set instead.I like the neck strap , it is higher quality than I was expecting , but I still would preffer an armband for jogging.The software is very foreign and difficult , even the english / grammer has errors in several cases , but now that I found that you can just drag and drop in windows explorer , I will probably just not use the software.So all in all this is a fun high quality gadget with some cheap accessories that bring the rating down a notch , I cant say anything about how it holds up since I just got it three days ago , but it does not seem too fragile .
 I read the great reviews here and at CNET about the YP-T5V . But I was pretty skeptical based on my experience with other MP3 players with FM tuner . My goal was to have an MP3 player that was compact -LRB- check -RRB- , with at least 256MB of storage -LRB- check -RRB- and most importantly with an FM tuner that actually works well -LRB- double-check -RRB- . I specifically wanted to be able to listen to the TVs in my gym -LRB- broadcast over FM -RRB- while working out . It picked up all of the stations for the TVs in the gym . And it picks up all of the local FM radio stations except for the weak ones . But my shower radio at home does n't pick those up either . The FM tuner performs exceptionally well.The only negative comment I could make is that the player is not quite as intuitive as I might like . But this is an issue with almost all miniature MP3 players.Connecting to your PC is a snap with Windows XP . All you have to do is plug it into a USB port -LRB- using supplied cable or your own -RRB- , turn the power on and XP will recognize it right away . I recommend installing the driver anyway because there is a `` format '' feature and `` upgrade firmware '' feature that you will be missing without it . USB 2.0 would have been a nice feature with this player and it 's too bad that it is only USB 1.1 . But when you 're only dealing with 256MB , ultra-fast transfers are n't that important . It only took about 4 minutes to transfer 3 albums of music to the player.You can use Windows Explorer to transfer music to the device . Or you can utilize the `` Sync '' feature built into Windows Media Player 10 . Once you learn it , the interface is great . The Yepp has all of the features you would expect from an MP3 player at this price point . It has 5 play modes -LRB- shuffle , repeat , etc. -RRB- , good info on the display -LRB- artist , track , time , bit-rate , etc. -RRB- . However , if you have artists like BJ&Ouml;RK -LRB- it wo n't display the &Ouml; -RRB- . Perhaps this problem is fixed in a firmware upgrade . You can even change the color of the backlight . I also like its size . It is about the size of a cigarette lighter -LRB- slightly fatter , but shorter in length -RRB- . The sound quality is excellent both for MP3 and FM . I ca n't speak to the FM recording or voice recording because I have n't used these features -LRB- and do n't really care about them -RRB- . But I 've seen other reviews that speak highly of these features for this device . Also , it can encode MP3 from an external source -LRB- it has a mini-plug jack and adapter for that -RRB- . I have n't used it yet but I 'm sure it is in line with the quality of FM and voice encoding which has been rated highly by others.It comes with a host of adapters , cables and connectors for all of the features you might use . Also , the earbuds that come with the player are excellent . The manual is also prety good . I did n't read it from start to finish . But when I needed to know something , I usually could find it quickly by skimming.All-in-all I am extremely happy with this player and would purchase it again .
 Lest you think that you have just another mp3 player , look into the possibilities . This unit can also be used as a data transfer medium as well . I , just to see if it could be done , wrote some jpegs into the memory and then looked at them with Windows Explorer . That said , it does function well as a mp3 encoder from an external audio source . It also records voice from the internal microphone and does it well also . An earlier review claimed that the software was difficult to use . It is n't all that easy , but then who really needs it ? Drag and drop works just fine . The sound , even to one with moderate hearing limitations , is great . If it was n't capable of excellent treble , I would find it too muddy to listen to . All in all I give this little mp3 player -LRB- and size was one of the things that got my attention right away -RRB- 5 stars ! Good buy , I highly recommend it !
 This is a great little MP3 player to use during a daily commute that 's small enough to completely hide in the palm of your hand.No , it does n't have the capacity of larger players or the clone-ish panache of the ubiquitous white iPod set but it does an honest job with ease of use and great sound -LRB- toss the ear buds that come with the unit and get a pair that sound good to you -- I use a pair of `` The Bud '' from Koss for great bass response -RRB- . Plug the unit into your computer and it shows up as a removable drive . Fill up the drive with MP3 or WMA files -LRB- I can fit about 60-70 wma files on the unit -RRB- and you 're ready to go . The player also has a handy voice recorder for those impromptu sound bytes.The 5-direction joystick is not hard to master and once your songs are loaded navigating through your music is instinctive . The display is essential to work through the menu trees when you want to adjust the player 's audio or display settings.The removable AAA battery means you 'll never have to run out of juice when in the middle of your commute . Just pop in that spare battery carried along for just these types of emergencies and you 're back online in less than a minute.This player is not for audiophiles or for those with 30,000 song libraries , and it does n't pretend to be , but for those who want a simple well built MP3 player with great sound quality .
 Samsung makes a great mp3 player . This tiny thing has so much in it . The sound is out of this world ! A great deal !!
 The size of the player is absolutely miniscule . It 's like a short lighter and a bit fatter . Putting songs onto the device is very simple . You can literally drag the files from your computer onto the `` Removable Storage '' icon that pops up in My Computer when you plug the player in via the USB port.The sound quality depends on what bit-rate you use for the music , but it 's capable of great sound and even has different types of sound options if you like a certain type of sound -LRB- base , normal , vocal , etc. -RRB- . The only drawback is -LRB- as others have mentioned -RRB- that the player automatically plays the songs in alpha order . Since you ca n't really put too many songs on here anyway , I 've gotten around it by just naming the songs `` 01 - Singer - Song Title '' after I 've dragged them onto the player . They 'll play in number order then . Bit of a pain , but minor since you wo n't have to do this for 10,000 songs.I 'm very pleased with mine . Easy to use and good sound . Great for exercisers and gym rats who do n't want to carry around a gigantic CD player or a heavier MP3 device .
 this mp3 player is great it 's small enough to hold in the palm of your hand but not so small that you ca n't use the buttons . it 's easy to put songs from your computer on it and the sound is fantastic . it does n't hold is many songs as i thought it would but it holds plenty . i def . think that this is one of the best buys for your money if you are looking for a good mp3 player !!
 I have been using this 8 '' inch amplified subwoofer in my car for more than 10 years . It is in the trunk and has weathered freezing winters and oven hot summers year after year . It made all the difference in my car stereo . Sound is tight with no audible distortion . If you want a tighter pumping sound , get the 6-inch . Pros : - Great sounding sub - 10 years and still pumping beautiful soundCons : - Need to tie it up to keep it from rolling
 It works good as showed . . good one for those who needs 220/230 volts output . but remember it works for only under 50W products only ... over all good buy
 My purchases with Adorama went all very smooth , good products and excellent service even for the item I return.Cordially , Luis
 While researching big screen HDTV 's , I learned that you should have a good quality surge suppressor and line conditioner for the best possible picture . I purchased the Tipp Lite HTPOWERBAR 10 on Amazon prior to the delivery of my HDTV . This model has all the bells and whistles at a great price . I have priced similar products for $ 45 to $ 75 more.I have had surge suppressors for all my audio video and computer equipment for over 25 years . Once everything is plugged in , you forget it is even there . However , during the first week in December 2006 , we had a severe Ice Storm in the Midwest . We were without power for several days . Later in the week , after the power was restored , we had a broken neutral that caused a large power spike . The power surge blew out all the surge suppressors , some light bulbs , and a few electrial items that were plugged-in . The power surge made it through the surge suppressor -LRB- other brand name -RRB- for my computer and fried my computer . The Tripp lite HTPOWERBAR10 took the hit as well , but my HDTV survived.But , that 's not what impressed me the most about this product . I was really impressed when I called Tripp Lite about the incident . They ask about the equipment that was plugged into the HTPOWERBAR10 , then took my name and address and mailed out a new HTPOWERBAR10 . Received in the mail 2 days later . The HTPOWERBAR10 took the power hit and did not let the surge go any further . I wish I had all my equipment plugged-in to Tripp Lite products . I also , just purchased a smaller unit -LRB- Tripp Lite brand -RRB- for my new computer . Do n't let your expebnsive audio/video or computer equipment go unprotected ! Best investment you can make for the safety of your electronic equipment !!!!!!
 I replaced a Monster cable power surge protector with this Tripp Lite unit . It has a higher joule rating capacity and plenty of indicator lights so you really know what 's going on with the power and watt usage . Best of all it is much cheaper than Monster . I use Tripp Lite surge protectors exclusively - I live in an area of frequent power surges and lightning strikes . I have had Tripp Lite protectors burn out , but never had any equipment fried . For example , the last surge that came through the neighborhood was caused by a telephone pole being hit by a truck . When that happened , a 19,200 volt line hit the 2400 volt line that supplies our homes . I lost six surge protectors but no equipment . And best of all , Tripp Lite is excellent on replacing their units promptly , they all are lifetime guaranteed . Buy their products with confidence .
 I got this when I dropped far too much on my 50 '' plasma . For me , one of the things I had to have was 3 coax in/out jacks since DirecTV runs 2 inputs to their receiver . This particular model included 3 , so I could also protect my over the air HD feed from my outdoor antenna in case it takes a hit too.To boot , this strip comes with Noise filtration built in so your components receive filtered clean power . No , it 's not a full fledged power conditioner for PURE noiseless & lossless power , but with the HVAC fan kicking on and off lately I have not noticed any flickering like I did with my old TV and power strip . One of those conditioners is going to cost you a lot more than a power strip anyway .10 outlets is sufficient and there is ample spacing for AC converter packs ... I do n't yet have the receiver and amplifier for my surround sound system , but even when I get those , I will have open outlets . Currently I have the TV , DVD player , Blu-Ray player , DirecTV receiver , Wii , VCR , and phone AC converter plugged in . When I get the receiver and amp , that 's 2 more leaving me space for a powered sub if I want to go that route.What makes it look like command central are the plethora of informative lights on the strip . It shows in input voltage , current amperage usage , and has the usual on / grounded / protected lights as well . Useful for those of you want to know which of your components are the most power hungry . This might be annoying to some Home Theater buffs , however , all of the little lights can easily be covered up by some electrical tape.It is heavy , but that 's a good thing in my book . Weight is to be expected for something that 's supposed to be able to take a lightning strike ... and this suppressor feels tank-worthy . The only con is that it is a little larger than I anticipated ... just over 2 feet long which makes it hard to hide . That 's my only complaint and why I 'd like to give this a 4.5 out of 5 , but amazon still does not allow for 1/2 stars , and I think 5 starts should only be reserved for the absolute best of the best , thus I give it 4 . Thankfully , I have n't had to test the 5700 joules of protection , but TrippLite has an excellent reputation , and from what I 've read , superior customer service , so I have peace of mind.For the money , I got everything I wanted with this power strip , AND it has a higher protection rating than almost any other power strip in it 's class . To me , it was a no-brainer for protecting 2500 $ worth of equipment with probably another grand on the way .
 When I set up my home theater , I wanted surge protection and line filtering at a reasonable cost . You can spend a few bucks on an el cheapo power strip , or $ $ $ on a Monster product with exaggerated product claims . The Tripp Lite offered a good cost/performance ratio . So far it has done the job well . My theater equipment setup is crammed with cables and wires running all over , with no perceptable noise problems.It is easy to go insane on AV equipment -LRB- there is a shop near me that sells speaker wire for $ 8 a foot -RRB- . If spending more will give you satisfaction , go ahead . But , if you want protection and quality at a good value , I recommend the Tripp Lite .
 This powerbar is definitely a giant . I purchased this with the ISOBAR10 for behind my entertainment center/armoire use . The ISOBAR10 is perfect for that tight space and the plug angle being vertical . However , I decided to use the HTPOWERBAR10 instead due to how heavyduty the whole thing looks . I have moved the ISBOAR10 into my bedroom for my other HT setup.Great product but if you have a tight space , the angle of the plugins might present a problem . This thing is very big : -RRB-
 The Tripp Lite HTPowerbar 10 is everything they stated it was and it is considerably less expensive than the Monster product . I really liked how easy it was to set up . One thing to consider is it is very big . I was a bit surprised by the size .
 You never really know how one of these things works until something happens -LRB- lightning strike , etc. -RRB- so until then all I can say is that I do feel safe knowing it 's there protecting my fiance 's semi-pro music studio equipment . It 's got better specs than Monster , Powersquid , and Belkin products and a better price -LRB- especially better than Monster -RRB- . I have a Monster HTS 1000 also and wish I had instead bought this Tripp Lite product . Oh well , you live -LRB- and overpay -RRB- and you learn .
 This product is easy to use . The Tripp Lite comes backed with an exceptional warranty as well . I compared this product with my original purchase -LRB- a Monster Cable Powersource -RRB- and found this to be the better option . It has the Surge protection that is needed , but not the line conditioner that the salesmen hype and that you really do not need . Also , it is a fraction of the Powersource price -LRB- 500 vs 100 -RRB- .
 Got it in time . Is made sturdy , for a good price . Did a lot of research before buying this , did n't want to shell out $ $ $ $ $ $ for a monster product . Do n't waste your money and be smart
 So far so good . Hooked up surround components/phone/satelite / games to this unit ... all seems to be functional . Unit is long ... had to put it in cabinet behind wii/ds systems ... too big for behind cabinet .
 Great feature set and easy to use . Fits nicely behind TV stand and allows for nice organization of wires and access to on/off switch . Highly recommend . /
 In this area of the USA , this producxt is a MUST due to the large amount of Thunder Storms .
 Product is everything that it was advertized to be . Obviously the real test will be when a power surge occurs . Hopefully I will not have to find out if the product meets that criteria .
 I was somewhat skeptical about Tripp Lite 's claims to improve the picture quality , but I DO see a significant improvement . Great protection and a better picture ... a winning combination !
 This is an excellent Surge protector.I am using it for HD TV and Surround Sound Equipment.It is very well made . I have previously used other Tripp Lite products with excellent results .
 I 've had this now for about 3 months . Have had a couple surges in the house because we had a couple outages and surges . Have n't had any issues so far with the equipment on the surge protector and the light indicators show that variations have stayed within the range of tolerance . So , glad I had this ! I am thinking about getting a few more for my more electronically sensitive equipment !
 This product does everything I expect it to do for my entertainment center . I have a LCD TV and PS3 hooked up to it and feel very confident in the warrenty Tripp Lite offers on this product .
 A surge protector is something you find out about after a bolt of lightning takes it out -LRB- i would guess -RRB- Anyway , it has lots of outlets , and lights , and Makes me feel better protected , and if they stand behind their 100,000 dollar replacement claim , if I ever do get hit . I 'll be impressed even more .
 If you are on a long photographic trip you will inevitably fill up your memory cards . I bought this instead of the more popular harddrive type backup because it can make multiple copies . If the harddrive in your harddrive backup were to fail or your harddrive backup was stolen , you would lose all the images from your trip . With the Jobo burner , I make 2 DVDs or CDs and keep them in separate places.The unit is well built . The slim drive is removable so it can be replaced if it broke in the future . DVD Burning is slow , so using it in the field is not that practical . I do n't think the battery would last more than a few burns . I burned my DVDs in the evening in my hotel room.You can show your images on a TV . It can even advance them automatically for a slide-show . Unfortunately , the zoom is too limited . I was hoping to be able to check the focus of my images , but I could not . A remote control is also included . It will also play DVD movies.I comes with a nice case , but it is a bit larger than I had imagined . The A/C converter , remote , and all the cables take up more space than I thought . But , it is still much smaller than a laptop .
 This was part of a package for my rain drain andvitvworks perfectly . It came the next day . I love it !
 Most everyone in our neighborhood has traditional gutters - we have had many compliments on our new rain chains ! The contractor who did some work on our house thought they were SO cool . Hubby & I are entertained during rainstorms by watching the beautiful waterfall travel down the chain ! We had a neat icey rain a few weeks ago . A really pretty ice sculpture formed on the chain - did n't seem to clog up the downspout on the gutter , but I 'll be interested to see what happens this winter . This design is very basic/traditional and just what we were looking for . Pretty next to our tan house . Much more decorative than a down spout . Easy to install . Great fall into landscaping/yard design . After 6mos has a beautiful petina .
 We have 2 rain chains , one is cup shaped and this one . We love both of them . This is a heavy substantial chain . It helps if you leave the diverter part of the gutter in place to direct the water down the chain .
 We gave 2 of these to our daughter for her birthday , she and her husband are re-modeling there home . She had asked for these because we gave her one a few years ago and she loves the way the water cascades down the chains . I checked all over the internet for different chains and prices ... Amazon had the prettiest chains and the very best prices ! We are all happy with this product ...
 `` I was amazed at the excellent quality of this copper rain chain . Rather than the hollow links found in other rain chains , this one is solid copper , looks beautiful and costs less than the hollow ones . `` New Traditional Copper Rain Chain Single Loop - 8 Ft
 Works great , and wo n't hold to much snow and ice in winter to freeze and pull your gutter down .
 Absolutely love this . I also bought the separate copper cup that hangs at the top and helps divert water onto the chainBeautiful to watch in the rain .
 It is not only functional for carrying , but as a way to cool your macbook . A definite 5 star purchase !
 This is just a basic Kiosk metal keyboard . I used this keyboard in my wood working shop and I can wash the keyboard off the dusk off . PS2 interface . Definitely not for office application . Good price from DSI .
 I bought it for my Bose system and the sound quality is very good . Did look at a lot of other reviews before deciding to buy this one , especially compared to the Philips one which is available at Walmart for $ 15 . I am impressed with the sound quality . I can notice a difference when compared to the previous toslink cable that I had -LRB- Monster brand -RRB- . This one has a click lock as well , so latches in pretty well .
 I just got this player and its everything i expected it to be . it has a blue blacklight , remote control , and though its not quite as flashy as the ipod , its the closest in terms of looks , its not as mediocre as the dell dj , and its smaller than the zen touch mp3 player . it takes just seconds to download songs , great product and i reccomend it to anyone
 For the price you get so much more - 20 GB ! , voice recorder , fm tuner -LRB- which is a pricey add-on to mp3 players that lack this feature -RRB- . I just figured out how to rewind/fast forward within tracks -LRB- manual did n't provide much guidance -RRB- - I almost swore off this product b/c i thought i could n't do this . -LSB- if you do n't know how to do this , just hold down the previous button -LRB- to rewind -RRB- or next button -LRB- to ffwd -RRB- . -RSB- although i LOVE the look & size of the mini ipod , it 's just a better value - so far at least ;-RRB- ...
 So , reading over the other reviews , I noticed a bunch of people had incorrect bad comments about this mp3 player . So , let me clear them up .1 . You must sign up for napster in order to use it.No , you can use the napster software without being a member . The only thing is that every time you start napster , it asks you to join , but you just say no , and then you can use the software . And it is very simple to use and to transfer . I have a membership with another download site , and it is very easy to transfer those files into napster , and then transfer them onto the player .2 . It does n't plug directly into the computer.Mine does . It has a spot on the bottom where you can plug the USB wire right into the player , so you do n't need the docking station . But I personally have never even had to do that . The docking station is one of the reasons why I chose this over the Ipod Mini -LRB- and also becasue it has 15 gigs more for the same price -RRB- . The docking station is awesome . I always leave it connected to an outlet and the computer , and then any time I need to transfer or charge it , I just stick it on the dock , and it 's automatically connected and charging .3 . As for the sound , to me , it sounds exactly like a cd player . Maybe if you want better than cd quality , it 's not great , but it 's definately as good as cds .4 . Also , as far as transferring music , I have only had a problem with a few songs , and I do believe that was a problem with napster , not the player . Napster did n't recognize the songs , so they did n't transfer to the player . But also , sometimes when they would show up as having 0 time in Napster , it would show up again on the player when I transferred it . But again , I have 460 songs on the player , and this happened with maybe ten songs . So , not really a big thing . 99 % of the songs transfer great . And with napster , ripping from cds is really easy as well .5 . As far as organizing the music , the only thing I do n't like is that you can not alter the music straight on the player . In order to edit the song data , or delete a song , you have to change it on Napster , delete it from the player , and re-transfer it . But this only takes a few econds , so it 's not that big of a deal .6 . One other thing , is that I have heard that their is no way of saving your place on an Audible . I have two books on their now , but I have n't started reading them . I do think this will be annoying , especially since one book is 14 hours , in two parts which are 7 hours each . I will update after I use them , and let you know how it goes.Overall , I think that this player is awesome , especially for the price . I got it at Best Buy on sale , for $ 199 . Although now Best Buy is selling the exact same player for $ 279 , and calling it the yh-920gs . I ca n't figure out what the gs is , or what the difference is . Even samsung.com came up with no search results for yh-920gs . I highly recommend this player for the price .
 after extensive research , i 've found this player to be the best all around . first , the unit has a nice lil bundle package
 I have been using the YH-920 for a few weeks now . It has generally lived up to its billing as an mp3 player that has more features than an ipod at less cost . There are a few caveats that could be easily corrected through firmware , IF Samsung is serious about supporting this player , but I have seen no evidence that they really care to.First , the look and feel of the player speaks of quality design and components . It is about the size of an ipod , has a large blue-lit screen and a well designed menu system that is easy to navigate . The sound quality is very good . It is clear that the Samsung engineers did a good job.The few issues that I have come with the software and firmware . As a previous poster noted , if you enter an album directory , the songs are listed in alphabetical , not track order . However , I have noticed that if you first enter the artist directory , then the album directory , the tracks are listed properly . This should be remedied in firmware.There is also an annoying pause between tracks . This only become noticable if you are listening to an album such as Pink Floyd 's The Wall , where the tracks are all interconnected . Just expect a slight pause between tracks . This could clearly be remedied in firmware.The main problem is with the documentation , which is essentially a Napster advertisement . I took previous posters advice and never used Napster . Windows media player dos the job just fine . Synching is pretty effortless . By the way , you CAN drag and drop songs . Just make sure that you drag and drop them to the `` MUSIC '' directory . The player is also easily used as a portable hardrive that is recognized by Windows without any drivers at all . However , I found that you need the Samsung drivers in order for WMP to sync properly.Still , this is a really good value . For about $ 100 dollars less than a comparable ipod , you get a built in FM radio , a charger/dock , and a quality carrying case.This could be a great player if Samsung would properly market and support it .
 The reason for the 4 stars is in the title . This is a first rate little device which does what it is supposed to do , does it easily and does it well . I guess I should start out by telling you that I purchased the Samsung as a replacement for a stolen ipod . The ipod is a first rate unit but I found quickly after buying it that you are limited in terms of buying music for the ipod and once you buy it it CAN NOT be played on anything other than an ipod . I decided that I would cut bait quickly even though I was going to lose some music and move to a more standard player/format . I had quite an mp3 collection on my pc which I was able to move easily onto the Samsung using the Napster software . It would have been nice to have had its own software but using Napster is easy and I like having the ability to purchase music this way , guess I was used to this format from having used iTunes previously.The playback on this machine is very adequate and the addition of the built-in FM tuner is extremely handy and a nice benefit over the ipod . The design of the unit itself is ok , not the slick look of the ipod but it has more benefits in terms of service , standardized music files and the nice FM radio built in.Between the additional benefits and the lower price -LRB- than ipod -RRB- the Samsung YH-920 has a lot going for it . Definitely a unit that should be considered when you 're looking for a personal music player . Oh , and one more thing , the unit I picked HAD to be Audible Books compatible which is why I went with the ipod the first time . The Samsung is also Audible compatible and setting it up with Audible Books was a snap ! While I 'm still thinking of last minute things , I should also mention that when I setup the Napster software I found that they have more music selection than Apple 's iTunes store and more of the type of music that I wanted . This was a big and delicious surprise for me !
 The Samsung YH-920 was priced much lower than the Apple iPod . At $ 150 from ebay , it was not only less expensive than the iPod , but had more features , such as an FM Tuner . It plays both MP3 and WMA files.I found the installation and use of the software fast and easy . I have a PC with Windows XP and everything worked very well . The only thing I do n't like the Napster connection . Music can be purchased for far less at other web sites . Once the introduction 7 day Napster account is over , I 'm going to cancel it . You 'll still need the software to disconnect the unit from your PC , so do n't uninstall it.The 20GB capacity is great . I 've had the unit only a few days and have loaded 506 tracks already , both from burned CD 's and downloaded music . The unit operation is easy and the LCD screen is bright and has easy to follow directions . The Samsung.com site has a great online Flash Manual to guide you through operation.I use Windows Media Player 10 and the loading of songs from PC to the YH-920 player is easy and fast . The User Manual recommends version 9 or above , but I believe version 10 is much better . If you can upgrade from an older version , it 's best to do so before buying this unit.I hope everyone who buys this device enjoys it as much as I have . Enjoy !
 I took someones advice and just loaded the drivers and used media player 10 , and it worked flawlessly . I have loaded the drivers on two computers and everything went smooth and clean . I think the sound is great when using radio shacks small headphones , and the earbuds are also very good , but I do n't like earbuds personaly . I bought the player on sale after considering a ipod . This player is at least equal to the pod which I believe is 50 % hype . Buy it and load the drivers only . When you insert the cd the driver option is easy to use .
 i got my 1st hard drive mp3 player 2 days ago -LRB- samsung 920 -RRB- . all my friends own an IPOD and i was not too impressed with the size and price of an IPOD specially when there are other players of the same size with better features and almost half the price . i did not want to contribute to the rising apple stocks thanx to IPOD that got apple out of a financial crisis . so i did research and decided to buy the SAMSUNG YH-920 . this player really ROCKS . 1st of all this player comes with all the accessories that you have to buy seperately if you buy an IPOD -LRB- remote , case , FM tuner etc -RRB- . 2nd this player comes with all the bells and whistles like FM radio , and the one i like the most is recording from FM radio . i can store data files , record my classes and still have room left for more -LRB- huge 20 gig HD space -RRB- i have always trusted SAMSUNG products and have owned several SAMSUNG cellphones . the size of this MP3 player is exactly the same as an IPOD and actually it is a little lighter than IPOD . it comes with a cradle and USB 2.0 and remains pretty organized on my desk . the reason i gave it a 4 star rating is because it come with a 2 month membership for NAPSTER which is almost a ripoff , they tell you that you can download all the music you want during the free trial but when you install napster , you actually have to pay 0.99 c for a song -LRB- 10.00 $ a month just to get access to all the music ? i dont think so !! -RRB- the samsung 920 took me less than 10 minits to hook up and my windows media player 10 which is what i use to manage the playlists picked it up in seconds . i converted my music in variable WMA format -LRB- approx 3MB per song -RRB- very happy with the sound quality , the headsets and original leather case . highly reccomend this product to anyone considering to buy an IPOD .
 My mother bought this equipment as a present for me after hearing I wanted an IPOD , I was absolutely dissapointed after reading all the reviews I have seen here . I tried to return it but the store in NY were she bought it did not accept it back -LRB- complete thieves - just around Pensylvania Hotel in Manhattan -RRB- . Well I am no genius with computers , I have an average computer , I have low speed internet , I am not registered in Napster I do not own a bast collection of music , I have never owned an MP3 player before , and I did not encounter any of the difficulties the other guys found with this equipment . The installation was easy , the sync was easy and the sound is great . Have not use it very much but until now I find it a very very good buy . I will continue using it and let you all know -LRB- another thing , play it safe and buy it in a large store - amazon - best by - c city , etc -RRB-
 I have had this YH-920 for a couple days now . I got it from a friend , but he had lost the installation CD for it !!!! So I thought I 'll see what I can find on the web . Samsungs own site has support on it , which includes this player , allowing downloads of various software . After reading bits n bobs on the net , I downloaded the Napster software , which after a while I managed to get wokring . But my main concern was this
 This device is awesome . It works best with Windows Media Player 10.0 - dont bother installing the Napster software .
 I think some of the other reviewers must have been paid by Ipod to write bad reviews as I just got my Samsung YH-920 a few days ago and I am very impressed ! I debated on whether to get an Ipod or the Samsung . Samsung products are usually excellent and this is no exception . The player is very well made and I believe the quality and ease of use are up to par with the Ipod . I actually thought it was easier to navigate the YH-920 than the Ipod as I found on my friends Ipods that the touch wheel was so sensitive . The Samsung is much easier to navigate and the extra features are really cool . The FM radio is very good and it is fun to be able to record on the fly . I did not have any problem installing the player as I followed the instructions . I did however find the Napster software totally useless with very little functionality unless you plan on only downloading their music . Use windows media player 9.0 or higher and you will have much better luck organizing you mp3 's . Napster had the crapiest MP3 id tag labeling I have ever seen ! Windows media player works much better for importing you current MP3 's . Overall what a great machine . It took me about 15 minutes to figure it all out and now it is SO easy to use . It comes with all the accessories you could want and again the record option is so simple and the quality is decent.I had a SSI Neo Jukebox for the last four years and loved it , this player is definitely a step up and a great replacement . All the snooty Ipod users out there can be ignorant of what they are missing ! This is an EXCELLENT MP3 player and sets the bar for player to come . Well done Samsung ... ditch Napster , they are crampin your style.I paid $ 208 -LRB- that included shipping -RRB- which is a heck of lot cheaper than an Ipod and I got so much more player and accessories .
 I do n't get what these other people reviewing here are saying.I had a few minor hiccups learning how to upload music to the player , but you DO N'T HAVE to use NAPSTER . That is just the learning curve of using a new divice . I ignored that installing Napster and just installed the drivers -LRB- a CLEAR option when you put in the install CD -RRB- . And you DO N'T HAVE to only use songs you got from Napster . I 've ripped CDs to MP3 's and WMA 's for years with dozens of different programs , and everything uploads and plays perfect . I used Windows Media Player Version 9 to copy all my music to the player . The trick is that when you SEE the player in your list of devices in WMP , you have to UPLOAD TO THE the part of the Hard Drive Player that says -LRB- ARTISTS | TRACKS | PLAYLISTS | etc -RRB- , and NOT the HD drive part of the device -LRB- which , by the way , does store ANY DATA , but wo n't allow MUSIC to be played from it -RRB- . The PROs for this player are the following
 I bought one six months ago , and I 'm logged on now to find two more for my kids.I want to set a couple of things straight . You do not have to use the Napster software or even Windows media player if you do n't want to . If you have MP3 's or WMA files you can drag and drop them onto the unit using explorer , then you have to run a utility that comes with it to rebuild the library on the player . Very easy !! With new CD 's I do use Windows Media player and copy straight to the device . The songs are not ever loaded on my PC . The player has a bigger hard drive than my PC.It does take installing a driver to hook it up to your PC , but that 's pretty simple . The only draw backs I know of , is that if you want move it back and forth between work and home , you have take the cradle/charger back and forth with you or buy a second one and install the driver there as well . You can use it as an external 20 GB hard drive , but you have to hook up the cradle and driver on whatever machine you want to use it on.The other thing I do n't like is that to build playlists you do have to use the Napster software . The player does a good job sorting on Genre and Artists so I just make up my on custom `` Genres '' and play those.For the price you ca n't beat it !!
 For starters , if you want a player that stands out as a great alternative for the ipod , then this would probably be it . Having mentioned that , make sure you do n't install the Napster Software ! It screwed about 10GB of my music on the player , and I had to re-download it all over again . So as long as you stay away from napster your fine.I 've used both Windows Media Player and Real Player to download my music and they worked fine , and hopefully Samsung will release a plug-in for iTunes like they did for other Samsung MP3 players.Again , I can not stress the importance of not installing the Napster Software -LRB- a clear option on the setup page -RRB- if you want to use this player to play your entire CD collection and music downloads .
 A great product , still have place to improve . - It has 18.7 GB storage instead of 20 GB . - It works with both Windows media player and Napster 2.0 . - Both FM and voice recording seem to work very good . The player will record the audio and then compress the recorded audio to MP3 format . - You can not drag and drop MP3 songs to the player . MP3 file you drag and drop onto the player when be recognized by the player and wo n't play . You have to use the sync and transfer function from Windows media player -LRB- or Napster -RRB- to copy songs . - When placing the player on the cradle and connecting USB cable from the cradle to PC , Windows often gives me error msg regarding incorrect USB device . It turns out that the cradle USB connector does not always have good connection to the player . You have to place the player very well onto the cradle connector in order to have a good USB connection.There is never a problem if I connect the USB cable directly to the player without through the cradle . - The player sold in U.S. displays only English characters . It wo n't display Asian languages . All unsupported characters will be displayed as ' * ' . Samsung has just released the same player in Japan and claimed to support 10 languages including major Asian language . I wish Samsung will provide a firmware upgrade to the U.S. version and make it to support the same 10 languages . - When using Window media player to sync MP3 songs with the player , it gets slower and slower when the number of songs increases in the player . It is very slow when you have over 1000 songs on the player . Windows media player seems to need to retrieve all songs from the player in order to prepare the song list . The actually file transfer is very fast , but it is very slow when the media player connect to the device and after transferring new songs . It could be better if you want to transfer a large amount of songs at one time , instead of a few songs at one time , in order to save your time to sync songs with the player at device connection step . - Samsung seems to have her own media manager , released with the Euro version of the player . The samsung media manager for this player can be found on Samsung website . I have n't tried it yet . I wish it will be smarter than the Windows media player , do n't try to load all songs from the player at device connection , but rather just load play list and track information from the player directly since the information is already in the player . - The slow sync problem exists with Napster software as well . There is really no need to install the Napster software . You can just use the Windows media player . - You can not fast-forward or rewind when playing either a MP3 song or a recorded voice . You want such a function if you want to use this MP3 player as a voice recorder . - When connecting to a PC , this player will be automatically recognized as a removable storage device . It is very handy for you to use it as a removale USB hard drive . USB 2.0 connection speed is great . It takes me only 5 minutes to transfer 3GB data to this player . In such a way , you can use it as a player , as well as a USB flash drive.Major concerns from me is no international language support , and very slow device sync when number of songs get large .
 I posted a review before about how my player began messing up and deleting all of my songs . I exchanged it for a new one , and I 've determined that the original messed up because I did not handle it correctly and did things like unplug it without safely disconnecting.My new one works great . It does take forever to load all of your music , but that probably does n't vary much from player to player . I have no complaints about my new player , as it has done everything I expected it to and has not malfunctioned at all .
 I 've had this Samsung player for about a week now , and the more I use it , the more I like it . Hardware wise , this player is solid . 20 gigs of space , an FM tuner , a voice recorder and and line in are all excellent features in an MP3 player in this price range . The major concerns in previous reviews with missing features are actually easily overcome . To fast foward through a song , hold the >> | button . To select an entire artist to play , hold the select button until an option to add the entire artist to the playlist pops up . To address the issue of albums playing in alphabetical order instead of track order , either make a playlist in napster or number the filenames of the mp3s as 01-artist-track.mp3 . Audio quality is very good , with the only issue being volume . While its certainly enough for basic headphones or earbuds , if you use a high end pair of headphones , you 'll need a preamp to get decent volume.Navigating in the player is very easy as well , with songs categorized by artist , album , genre , and song title . My only complaint would be that when navigating by track name it would include the artist in the list.My only major issues involve not the player , but its usage of napster 2.0 to transfer songs . While windows media player 10 can be used , you can not transfer playlists . Napster 2.0 is as of this writing still buggy . It will crash if you change tag info in the library while transfering songs . Deleting songs takes an excessive amount of time . In addition , I found songs transfered faster in windows media player than in napster 2.0 . If the software issue is dealt with , the player is easily as good as an Ipod .
 It looks , feels and plays better than any other HDD out in the market . It has more features such as an FM tuner and recorder and in-line encoding . Works with Napster , MS Music , etc. . I ca n't believe this product has been beta-maxed by the i-POD . Wake up , consumers , and look past the fancy ads.Plus , it supports Janus subscription services on MS based music services . No other player can do this yet . Hello ????
 This is a very good mp3 playyer . I am pleased with the sound quality and the ease of set up . The worst part was actually getting the mp3 player becasue it was such a hassle . I had to go to the store , then back home to order it online , then go back to pick it up . I got this at Best Buy for 175 tax included which is a very good deal . The transfer of the files is quick , easy and harmless . Using Windows Media is very good with this . I have not yet tried the Napster program and i do not intend to after all those things people said before in their feedback . I like that it is affordable , and it comes with a lot of accesories that the iPod and other leading mp3 players do not . I like that this mp3 player can display japanese , chinese , korean , english and other languages as well . I like the recording feature it has also . It can record from the radio which is a really cool funstion . It also has a line out thing so I can record from possibly any audio soure . Overall this is a great mp3 player . I would recommend it to everyone .
 This has been a great product so far . With more features for $ 100 less -LRB- on sale at Office Depot for $ 200 -RRB- , and better battery life and support for almost all audio formats , this is a great buy . All of the earlier reviews that said it did n't work are referring to the earlier version of the YH-920 . Samsung re-released this item , so now it is REVISED AND FIXED !!!! I had the same problem before until I returned it for the new product.The product is attractive and very durable -LRB- have dropped a few times off computer desk -RRB- , has many great extras such as a radio , docking station , quality carrying case , voice recorder , ability to record from things such as tv 's , coputers , etc. , and a remote control . The sound quality is also great and the menus are easy to navigate . Although Napster is included free for two months with the product , it requires you to enter your credit card number , which I am not willing to do for a free trial . Windows Media Player 10 works perfectly fine.I have only found a couple of low points for this product . If you plug it into your computer , sometimes it may say rebuilding device , but it will delete all of your songs . But , you can just use the recovery utility to fix that problem . Another slight problem is the small pause between songs , maybe a 1/10 of a second , but noticable if listening to songs that lead into another.To fix some of the other consumers problems
 I have had my Samsung YH-920 for 2 years now , and have NEVER had any problems with it . It 's got a huge storage capacity , is sooo easy to run , and has great sound quality . Like many people on here , I was not impressed by the iPod and went with something with better features . As of right now , I have 2381 songs on the player ... all play perfectly with no problems . I have Windows XP and did not need to install anything , as XP found and installed any drivers needed for me . I just charged the player , plugged it in with the USB connector , and started transferring music . I have been able to use it in my car , with a regular portable Cd player car kit and also use it with regular desktop speakers . I would definitely recommend this player to anyone !
 It 's true that the device is meant to be used with the Napster software , but you do n't have to . It is also possible to use Windows Media Player 10 to synchronize your device with your MP3 . As pointed by others , you can also copy the files directly and then rebuild the library with Samsung 's recovery utility.In any case , you have to be a minimally technically skilled to do these tasks.For the audiophiles , it is important to note that this device can not play OGG files , contrary to what Amazon 's description says . It plays MP3s and WMAs fine , which is enough for almost everybody.I think it is a fine iPod alternative .
 It says it all in the title
 I got this device for $ 235 and so far I am quite happy with it.The device came with a remote -LRB- no LCD -RRB- and a case , Two things that I would have bought seperately for any other player on the market.I wanted a player with FM radio -LRB- which works great -RRB- and it is less bulky then the Zen Touch or Iriver H320.Just to clarify a couple of things said about this palyer . You can fast forward and rewind a song -LRB- press and hold >> | or | < < -RRB- and you do n't Have to use Napster.I use windows media player but this seems a little slow and un-intuitive compared to something like Ipod + itunes.Is it better than an Ipod ? Maybe not . But it offers better value for money than the overpriced and overhyped Ipod.The main con with this player compared to its rivals is the Battery life . At 10 hours -LRB- more like 5-6 in the realworld use -RRB- it works well for me but but others may not be satisfied with this.To summarisePros - Value for money -LRB- Remote , case and cradle -RRB- - Good sound quality and volume - Good looks and compact design - Plays wma 's and Mp3 's without conversion - Easy to use menu systemCons - Napster software - Average Battery Life
 This product is stylish , lighter , and cheaper than an Ipod . It has all the features you 're looking for . USB hard drive , FM -LRB- clear reception -RRB- , Recording Line-in -LRB- works with XM radio , except it does not record with album and artist -RRB- , belt clip case , and remote.Con
 I have this gear for more than two months since March/2005 and I am really amazed by its good quality of sounds when comparing with other no-name flash MP3 players . Its deep rich bass really give me lots of good listening pleasure.But this gear is not perfect and be aware the following :1 . YH-820MS will only display either English and Korean characters , nothing else . If U look other foreign characters , this gear is not the one .2 . Battery time is not very good . Full bettery charge will last up to 5-6 hours . Each full charge takes close to 3.5 hours .3 . It takes close to 40 seconds to boot to have sound out4 . 2 out 10 times , booting will hang and requires hardware reset5 . It works with either Naspeter or MS 's media player Version 10 only . Do not expect to drag the MP3 songs or music folder into this gear . It requires SYNC thru MS 's media player and `` SYNC '' 1500 songs into this gear requires lots of time.Other than these concerns , I really enjoy this gear .
 Made by StarTec . Works great and with Amazon fantastic prices and quick services , they got my company up and running with very little down time . Most important though they saved me alot of money . THANK YOU AMAZON . !!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS NOT THE ONLY TIME AMAZON HAS HELPED ME AND WO N'T BE THE LAST . THEY HAVE MY TRUST IN THEIR SERVICES .
 These headphones are very , very comfortable . The padding on the ears are a soft cushion , not the leathery kind that makes your ears sweat . I got full-size because I do n't like headphones pressing on my ears and the padding fits around my ears perfectly , so I can wear these for hours . Plus the cord is over a little over 6 feet long so it 's very convienient when you want to move around without carrying anything . The sound is full so if listening to classical , you can distinguish which instruments you are hearing . These are not noise-cancelling and not super bass , for those who are looking for either . I am very satistfied with these and other jensen headphones I 've had in the past .
 I 'm not a audio snob , I 'm a music lover . There are various pieces of Musical Fidelity , vintage McIntosh , Denon and Sherborn equipment scattered around the house , and most all of my 20 + stereo pair line-level interconnects are AQ Copperheads . I condition my RCA jacks with Deoxit Gold once a year or so - a clean connection is a noise-free , solid connection - but I do n't go mucn crazier than that ... also , route cables carefully and do n't run interconnects parallel to AC line cords.You 'll be golden , and the music will be sweet . The Copperheads look good , too . Of course , most of you will have them hidden in a rack ; but they are totally presentable if an interconnect can be tagged as such ... wife-acceptance factor will be higher than less-expensive cables , for sure.If you want to save a bit , look at the AQ Sidewinder . The construction is similar . Personally , I would NOT spend more than Copperhead prices for interconnects , but your mileage may vary . In fact , I own one set of the AQ G-Snake bargain cables and find them to be totally usable for non-critical listening . But then , I 'm a totally non-critical listener - I just love the music !
 This book had me laughing so hard it hurt . I 've read all of Lolita 's books and was really hoping she 'd bring Misty and Reesy back . What a way to start off my summer ! I love the fact that she left us with a cliffhanger . That means she 's going to bring them back again . I heard her say so on the radio . YIPPPPEEEEEE !!!!!!!!
 As the saga continues from previously released `` Scenes From a Sistah '' and the sequel , `` Getting to the Good Part '' , author Lolita Files is back with `` Tastes Like Chicken '' and the characters are extremely witty , comical , and full of energy.The wedding is about to take place , Teresa Snowden a.k.a. Reesy is a few months into her pregnancy and Dandre is looking forward to impending fatherhood . Reesy and Dandre are as happy as can be ; a new beginning and a blossoming marriage are the only things on their minds.As the wedding proceeds an unidentified guest dressed in black interrupts the ceremony and announces the finding of an envelope under her seat . As all eyes focus on the `` lady in black '' and her dramatic response to the newfound treasure , inquiring minds to want to know what exactly is in the envelope . You already know , all hell is about to break loose ... Having already been through enough to cause a mental breakdown , Reesy is in need of severe solitude . Terrible memories , conniving antics , and the all too familiar drama causes Reesy to relocate in search of a fresh start . Her parents , Tyrone and Tyrene , are not very helpful at this point due to an intimate situation that has gotten out of hand . Or is there more to it than meets the eye as Tyrone and Tyrene face-off like never before?Witnessing a horrifying scene and going through her own dilemmas , Misty , Reesy 's best friend , is also undergoing a case of bad timing in several aspects of her life . Knowing she will not be able to figure things out , nor put her life back in order without Reesy 's assistance , Misty 's life flashes before her eyes , but not before fate decides to pay her a personal visit.Ms . Files 's humorous character development , flawless continuity , and mouthwatering scenes brings to life a hilarious yet compassionate tale that will have you begging for the serial to continue.-Monique Baldwin-Worrell , founder of Flavah Reviewers
 I do n't generally go for chick lit . It 's for chicks . But someone told me this book was funny so I picked it up just to prove them wrong . Turns out it 's not chick lit at all , just a damn good , very well-written and engaging book . Other writers need to peep game . This girl knows how to bring it on the page .
 I can never get enough of Misty and Reese . Execellent book !! I highly recommend the book . My question to the author is will there be another book to follow ? It has to be !!!!
 The story of Teresa and Misty is great I hope the author is working on another .
 Picking up where Getting To The Good Part left off , the adventures of Reesy and Misty continue in Tastes Like Chicken . The story opens at Reesy and Dandre 's long awaited wedding but before the `` I Do 's '' can be exchanged an incident from the past rears its very UGLY head and the excitement begins . Files opens a floodgate of drama and it never stops throughout the book.It seems like Reesy 's marital woes and personal trauma permeate everyone around her and no one close to her is left unscathed . In this episode , although the spotlight is primarily on Reesy , it is almost equally shared with some familiar and new supporting characters . Surprisingly , the dynamic duo , Tyrone and Tyrene -LRB- Reesy 's high-profile attorney parents -RRB- , experience a crisis so devastating that their very foundation is threatened , while Reesy 's sassy grandmother opens the closet exposing some familial skeletons that are eyebrow-raising -LRB- to say the least -RRB- . Fans will learn more about Misty 's husband , Rick , who has unmentionable issues that threaten their marriage ; Dandre 's physician father and his fantasies ; and a new character , Sleazy , a stand-up comedian , who , despite his stage name , actually comes through in a big way.As with the other Reesy/Misty books , Files upholds her tradition of keeping the novels fresh and funny by interjecting the latest and most hip language , musical references , and urban expressions in her dialogue and settings . Yet , her appeal continues to be universal as this episode is well written and perfectly paced making it a real page-turner . It is a perfect release for the summer season and will no doubt be a BIG hit for fans of the series . I can not wait until the next release!Reviewed by PhyllisAPOOO BookClubNubian Circle Book Club
 It 's good to see Lolita Files back in the writng game . I have missed her books and her stories . This book gives great in - sight to where the characters have been and where they are headed next . This book screams for a sequel !! I like that she managed to bring readers up to date while showing a glimpse of the past throughout the book . I read this book in two days it was sooo good . I ony gave it four stars because the ending does leave you hanging for answers . Otherwise , great read !!
 As the saga continues from previously released `` Scenes From a Sistah '' and the sequel , `` Getting to the Good Part '' , author Lolita Files is back with `` Tastes Like Chicken '' and the characters are extremely witty , comical , and full of energy.The wedding is about to take place , Teresa Snowden a.k.a. Reesy is a few months into her pregnancy and Dandre is looking forward to impending fatherhood . Reesy and Dandre are as happy as can be ; a new beginning and a blossoming marriage are the only things on their minds.As the wedding proceeds an unidentified guest dressed in black interrupts the ceremony and announces the finding of an envelope under her seat . As all eyes focus on the `` lady in black '' and her dramatic response to the newfound treasure , inquiring minds to want to know what exactly is in the envelope . You already know , all hell is about to break loose ... Having already been through enough to cause a mental breakdown , Reesy is in need of severe solitude . Terrible memories , conniving antics , and the all too familiar drama causes Reesy to relocate in search of a fresh start . Her parents , Tyrone and Tyrene , are not very helpful at this point due to an intimate situation that has gotten out of hand . Or is there more to it than meets the eye as Tyrone and Tyrene face-off like never before?Witnessing a horrifying scene and going through her own dilemmas , Misty , Reesy 's best friend , is also undergoing a case of bad timing in several aspects of her life . Knowing she will not be able to figure things out , nor put her life back in order without Reesy 's assistance , Misty 's life flashes before her eyes , but not before fate decides to pay her a personal visit.Ms . Files 's humorous character development , flawless continuity , and mouthwatering scenes brings to life a hilarious yet compassionate tale that will have you begging for the serial to continue.-Monique Baldwin-Worrell , founder of Flavah Reviewers
 Date Reviewed
 Reesy is finally ready to walk down the aisle . Well at least she thinks she is until a surprise greets her at the altar . In typical Reesy fashion she does what she does best , run . Unfortunately she loses a lot more than her dignity at the altar . Racked with frustration she heads off to California . With no one but Misty knowing her whereabouts she decides to start over . But she finds out that getting over Dante is not the easiest thing to do.Misty is a newlywed and enjoying every minute of it . Still the consummate career woman she is not ready for all that comes along with marriage . Her husband Rick however is . Misty feels that they are really laying a solid foundation for their future until she finds a wastebasket full of pin pricked condom wrappers . Uncertain of anything anymore she turns to her girl Reesy to help her through.Tyrone and Tyrene Snowden have been together for a few decades . Theirs is an unsinkable love , or is it ? Unable to heal their daughter 's broken heart and spirit they develop some interesting habits to help themselves cope . Can they make it last forever?Tastes Like Chicken is funny from beginning to end . Ms. Files has done it again . In a hilarious follow-up to Scenes From A Sista and Getting To The Good Part , Lolita Files has brought our two favorite girlfriends back . Misty and Reesy are as crazy as ever and still up to their necks in Brotha Drama.Readincolor ReviewersAngie Pickett-Henderson
 I think this book was so good . I read the first two parts as well . The characters in all three books were just so amazing to me . Usually when I read books and they have second parts to them , they 're boring . But I must say this one was not . It 's a must read 4 everybody . Ms. Files definitely did her thang . And especially in Child of God 2 . I hope she makes a fourth part to the book . I would love to see how Reesy and Dandre , Rick and misty , Tyrone , Tyrene and Hill are all doin .
 Really enjoyed the read . Was n't to happy with the way the story went with Misty , and Tyrene Relationship . But all well that end well . I think LL done a Fab job . Keep up the good work , cant wait until the next big Read . Please bring Misty and Reecy back in the near future .
 Looks like some readers are in need of closure ... I agree that the ending left a lot to be desired ... however , that 's what keeps a loyal fan anticipating the next volume in this intriguing saga of the lives of Reesy and Misty . How long did we patiently wait for this continuation ? I 'm happy to patiently wait for the next ... I 'm hooked!Reading Scenes from a Sistah and Getting to the Good Part are a MUST before picking this one up . This story ended exactly how I wanted it to . The love between Reesy and Dandre is beatiful . I did n't think anything that occurred was unrealistic . Despite popular beliefs , some African-Americans do come from money . Also , I ca n't count the numbers of times I 've wanted to pack my bags and drive straight across the country ... leave my worries behind - start anew . Who says that 's the answer , but I commend Reesy for having the strength to do so . What I would n't do to have a friend like Sleazy in my corner . I look forward to reading the outcome of Tyrene , Tyrone , and Hill . I also ca n't wait to read more about Misty and Rick . 5 stars !
 Each character wanted to judge another for their own faults , but could not realize their own situation.For example , Tyrene , was yelling and calling everyone else wrong , when she was a common-law wife for years and never set the right example for her own daughter . Along , with this , she cheated with the father of her daughter 's fiancee , one of the main persons she could not stomach . Tyrene , may have had these feelings all along and not realized her emotions being drawn into the desire of her not only from Dr. Hill.Next , you have Tyrone , he is just as much blame in setting a bad example for the daughter . He could not for years speak his mind or opinion . But when , it came to a very drastic problem , he decided to let it out the wrong way and at the wrong time . Also , not telling his daughter about the common-law marriage , being one of the Panthers , and last but not least , orgies his wife and him were having . For being lawyers , they could have settled their case another way in court . He decided he wanted to go kill his wife and Dr. Hill , but through God his friend Trini caught him just in time . Was the guilt over the fact his wife was cheating or was it over the fact who she was cheating with?Dandre , he needed to have forgiven Chloe and Zoe and helped them to reform from the loose life . Instead he just had gotten rid of them and had them to moved somewhere else , but from his own frustration and guilt . At least he did have the `` somewhat decent Sleazy '' to show him how to come to an understanding of forgiving others as well and accepting them for not being perfect as well . Even though Dandre , knew he was in love with Reesy , he still accepted her faults , but in the beginning he did not when he caught her cheating . Dandre , is a former playboy , `` Ex-Ho . '' But from what I understand in previous books , the two of them are more compatible for one another than a little.Misty and Rick altogether , were deceiving one another . They wanted the love and the romance involved , but to their own hidden agendas . They could not come to realization when it really should have been stated clearly in the beginning of how what was to be expected out their marriage.There 's a lot to be said , when it comes to forgiving , but let us not withhold our own inhibitions , to deceive others by judging one another . Especially , when judgement day will come ... . I apologize , if I am retelling the story , but it tells you how much I enjoyed the book , my movie in other words . And I wanted to say much more about Dr. Hill and the main character Reesy , but they had to learn to forgive and forget also .
 I enjoyed Taste like Chicken . I have read all of Ms Files books.Some reviewers complained about being left hanging . I say come on with it . I am ready for the next saga of Reesy , Misty , Tyrone , and Tyrene . I even want to know more about the dogs . Yes there is always room for improvement , but that is with everything in life . Keep on writing and learning . Because I am going to keep on buying.Ms Red Pittsburgh , Pa
 What a good book , the author stayed with the story line in her pervious books only went into details about the past briefly which was a plus . The plot thickens and thickens I hope she does n't stop here , there is so much more we need to know do n't want to give away the story . It 's a quick fast paced read . Do n't skip around read the books in order to get the full understanding . Great job Lolita !
 Lolita you did it again ! But the only thing I regretted was the end with Ressy 's mother and Dandre 's father . Can we get a sequel or something . The book was well written and the characters were still fresh . Just keep on writing !
 The novel started out strong , however , I found the small but big words very distracting . Reesy in the beginning sounded more mature , but she seemed to regress in California . The hip-hop references , too much emphasis on SEX , more SEX , and more SEX was a put off . The grandmother and parents were the most interesting/intriguing characters who really kept me turning the pages . Still , the whole Cali scene was suitable for a teenie-bopper junior book club because it just did n't fit with the diction ... Anywho , it was my first read by Miss Lolita and I ca n't say I was disappointed , but , I did n't feel hyped either .
 This book is an fun read it had me laughing and at awe with the characters . I would had givin it a 5 star but the dialogue of the book can be a little confusing , I wish she could of set up the chapter/sectors of the book better.Misty and Rick got to love them but Rick is crazy on what he had done to Misty -LRB- you 'll understand why once you read it -RRB- . Reesy and Dandre are like hot cakes thier relationship is strong if it was n't for their love for each other they 've would of been done a long time ago . Mr. Hill -LRB- Dandre 's father -RRB- is one hot father which have you wondering and amused.But now when it came to Treyne and Tyrone -LRB- Reesy 's parents -RRB- you 'll feel a number of emotion 's coming from happiness to grief . Treyne will have you laughing due to the fact that she is out spoken and hard headed individual who needs to be heard and want the best for her daughter . I enjoyed the book very much -LRB- including the last two books of this episode -RRB- and I know you will too .
 The girls -- Misty and Reesey -- are back , with all of their drama ! Our girl Reesey is about to marry the love of her life -- reformed playboy Dandre . But a spectre from his past shows up to throw scandal on the big day . Reesey flees to L.A. to begin anew , and almost becomes caught up in everything that one has to beware of when trying to `` make it '' in Hollywood . But you ca n't hide , and ex-fiance Dandre follows her to California , determined to win back her heart ... Meanwhile Reesey 's parents Tyrone and Tyrene are due for a little drama of their own . After being together for most of their lives , both seem to be getting a little bored . Soon Tyrene discovers lust in the most unlikely of places . . but when Tyrone finds out -LRB- and he will -RRB- , there will be hell to pay!Best friend Misty and her husband Rick seem to have the idea marriage . They adore each other , and their love life is sizzling . Unfortunately , they are on entirely different timetables when it comes to building a family . And desparate men do desparate things , and husband Rick 's desire for a baby soon drives him to do the unthinkable ... A true pageturner , readers will delight in the hilarious drama of it all . Most will be pumping their fists for our girls and their men , mistakes and all ... DYB
 I did n't know what to expect when I borrowed this book from a friend , but it turned out to be a jewel . Reesy , formerly a dancer known are Peanut Butter the exotic dancer in a previous book by Ms. Files returns to us a woman about to be wed to the love of her life , Dandre until ... . a drastic turn of events halts her dream wedding and sets off a series of life-changing events for her and and ever present friend , Misty Fine . Reesy and Misty find out in this book what love has to do with everything . Do n't not pick this up expecting some sappy romance novel . This is a page-turner . Do n't borrow it !! It needs to be in your howm library . I am about to purchase a copy now !!
 Reading Tastes Like Chicken had me craving chicken . It was not because the book talked about chicken a lot , but the title alone had me yearning . Ms. Files introduces the reader to variations of the word `` chicken . '' It can be a coward , a chickenhead -LRB- slang for women who are golddiggers -RRB- , or the bird that produces meat or eggs . How do you like your chicken?The readers were first introduced to Reesy and Misty in Scenes From A Sistah and later in Getting to the Good Part . Now they 're back again and the opening scene is at Reesy 's wedding . Only she does n't get married and the story takes off from there . It seems her fianc&eacute; Dandre has a hidden past and the skeletons fall out the closet at the most inopportune time ... their wedding day . Now he has to prove his love to take-no-prisoners Reesy . She 's not putting up with any bull , so she hightails herself far away from her problems in classic Reesy and Misty fashion . She even packs some fried chicken and white bread for the trip.Misty has her own issues to deal with . She finds out her husband Rick has been less than honest with her . He makes a life altering decision without her consent . Although devastated , she realizes , `` you can run but you ca n't hide . '' She decides to stop running and to start fighting for what she loves and believes in and tries to work it out . She tries to share this revelation with Reesy who is too stubborn to understand.Get a plastic bag -LRB- or paper bag -RRB- , batter the chicken , fry it , season it and add some sauce ; spicy sauce for the chicken wings and spicy drama to the story . Tyrene and Tyrone , Reesy 's parents , are an added subplot . I ca n't forget Hill , Dandre 's father , who serves as a hot number himself . If you 've ever heard , `` save the drama for your mama , '' this subplot gives a whole new meaning to the saying.Tastes Like Chicken is hilarious . I could n't stop laughing and craving chicken . While reading , I called a friend and asked if she had read it . She said no . I recommended it by saying , `` That chile sho ' can tell a story . By the way , can I get your grandmama 's recipe for fried chicken ? '' She laughed . For the ultimate feel good ; do the right thing ; unconditional love type novel of the year , Tastes Like Chicken gets the award . Flawless . Beware
 I love Reesy and Misty . I have read the other novels regarding them and feel like I am growing with them . I think Lolita 's writing is off the hook . EVERY book she has written is engaging , well developed and funny . I do believe that Tyrone and Tyrene will be the main characters of the next sequel which I ca n't wait to get . Ms. Files definitely has writing skills and I look forward to more . However , her best book , which is in my top 5 of ALL TIME FAVORITE BOOKS BY ANY AUTHOR is Child of God !
 I thought the book was delightful and it has wonderful twist . Kept my eyes and mind going .
 Lolita 's writing has improved and relaxed over the years . I read her first novel `` Scenes from a Sistah '' in 1997 after seeing her on a TV show about books . She said that her first novel had taken 3 weeks to write . Since then , her writing has matured and although I cared for Misty and Reesy back then , it has been a pleasure to watch them evolve into more complete and complex personalities . I really enjoyed `` Tastes Like Chicken '' because in addition to Reesy and Misty , peripheral characters like Tyrone and Tyrene were given more attention . I can relate to the personal struggles of the main characters and I ca n't wait to see where they end up in the next novel !
 Taste Like Chicken is so good , that I 've read it several times over the years . What a wonderful love story , what a wonderful story of friendship . I think I have attitude by reading the negative comments about this series . Or maybe I 'm a Lolita Files Stan ... whatever the case , this is a wonderful book , and I ca n't wait for the 4 part ...
 I have been a fan of Ms. Files since I read Getting to the Good Part where I was first introduced to Reesy & Misty : -RRB- This book had me from the first scandalous sentence and did n't let me go until I finished the book a short two days later !! The characters are so relatable , you feel like you are reading a juicy story from one of your girlfriends.Just when everything and everyone seem to be falling into place , things take a drastic turn on Reesy 's wedding day !!! The events that follow involving the crazy antics of Reesy 's parents and Misty 's husband , and the lengths that Dandre is willing to go through for love are both hilarious and heart-wrenching . I would recommend this book , along with Getting to the Good Part , as they are both great reads . Misty & Reesy will definitely remind you of your favorite girlfriends , and quite possibly , yourself .
 This book was so crazy and the characters reminded me of my own family members . I loved it and found myself laughing out loud many times . I do n't want to give anything away , but Reesy 's mom was off the chain , and dad showed what he was made of and I ca n't even think about those `` cousins '' without laughing . I got this one from the library , but after reading it , I had to have it for my collection . I 'll definately read it again , when I want a few laughs . Loved It ...
 I usually stay away from African American novels like this becasue I find them stereotypical and repetitive . However , I was pleasantly surprsed with Lolita Files ' work . The plot was well thought out , caharacters interacted well together and this book can be read as a stand alone -LRB- meaning you dont have to read the others before it in order to understand whats going on . All in all it greatly exceeded my expectations , and I would definetly recomend it . I alsomst missed my subway stop a few times ; it was so engrossing .
 This book is hilarious and quite entertaining . Although there are already many , many reviews written about this story , I could n't let the opportunity pass to say how much I enjoyed reading Lolita 's works again . The mother character was a fire-starter , I enjoyed all the characters . I did n't think that I would want to hear about the same characters again , but Ms. Files wrote this book so well , that it does n't matter that these are characters she has already written about . The book was excellent !!! I suggest this book for book clubs to read .
 Taste like ChickenLolitas Files 5 starsThe story of Reesy and Misty continues ... With Taste like Chicken it keeps getting better . This was fast paced and snappy . I love how Lolita makes me laugh so much between the drama . I was flipping the pages ! This book was so good . Reesy and Misty are unforgettable characters that just keep growing on me . I enjoyed and hope Lolita brings us more.Dawn
 My bookclub just finished reading TASTES LIKE CHICKEN . I belong to a Christian bookclub and even though we tend to choose only Christian fiction , we decided to read it because it looked like it might be fun for the summer . THIS BOOK WAS THE BEST ! We were calling each other back and forth all night long . It was almost impossible to wait for the bookclub meeting to talk about it . Every body loved it , which makes us wonder if maybe a little Reesy -LRB- or heaven forbid , Tyrene ! -RRB- lurks in all of us . We 're going to go back and read the other two books that go with this one . A + + + + + + + !
 Whew !!! Reesy did n't know how good she had it ! I wish I might find me a guy like Dandre , willing to go all out like he did to get his woman back . I might even forgive a menage or two if he was willing to dish out Porshes and puppies to make me forget . This book was too much fun . I 'm going to get everything by Lolita Files . I 've always heard of her , but this was my first `` taste '' . Better than KFC !
 Although Sony-Ericsson says that the W580i will only support 1GB on their US website , this memory stick works just fine . it comes with an adapter as well . Great memory stick at a decent price -LRB- come on Amazon , you can do better ! -RRB- . All you have to do is plug it in and it works straight out of the box.Highly recommended .
 I was thinking that my Sony Ericsson W300i wouldnt work with a 4GB M2 since Sony themselves said the maximum capacity for the W300i is 512MB . I got it today , opened it up , plugged it in my memory card slot on the phone , BAM , 3904MB of free space lol . Shows how much a phone 's OWN company knows . So yeah , i recommends if you want allot of music and stuff .
 I bought this stick to replace original 256MB stick in my cell phone . Now I can carry on 900 songs . I recommend it if you need more space and do n't want use cell phone and a player separatelly.RubencilloTemuco - Chile
 Just installed it the other day . Works like a charm for now ... you get about 3.7 GB after formatting . Amazing , my new phone almost has as much memory as my first computer in 1998 : -RRB-
 Like the others ... I got this so that I could put more files on my Sony Walkman 580i . I could have waited for the 8 Gb , but the 256 that came with the phone was just a tease . So I had to have more room NOW ! This could not have been easier . Just pop the new card in . . go to memory available in your settings & you 'll find 3996 MB available . Now I 've got 500 + songs 80 photos , & still have over 1000 MBs of space left . Cool stuff for the price
 Bought to use with the SoOny-Ericsson w580i phone/walkman . was able to load this up with 4G of MP3s and use the phone as an MP3 player . no problems .
 This is a great card at a great price . I bought this card for use with my Sony Ericsson Walkman w580i , which is said to be compatible with up to 2gb cards . Despite the larger-than-accepted size , this card works nicely with my phone . I am able to hold just under 1000 songs on this card , which is quite a large amount.Apart from working nicely with my phone , this card will work with any device that utilizes a MemoryStick Pro Duo , as the package includes an adapter for this purpose . So if you 're looking for a high-capacity memory card that you can transfer between your phone and your Sony digital camera , I 'd recommend this one .
 Works great in theSony Ericsson W580i White Phone -LRB- AT&T ;-RRB- . I 've had no issues .
 I got this for my SE w580i Walkman phone and it is the perfect size . I still have yet to fill it up with songs and other goodies . It works even though SE says the maximum capacity M2 card that will work with the w580i is 2GB . A little spendy but worth it .
 I bought this to use with my Sony Ericcson w580 phone . Sony 's site says the phone will only take 1 GB , but the 4 GB stick worked just fine .
 Bought it so that I can play MP3s on my Sony cell . Works nicely . Needed to get the USB adapter so that I can plug it into my workstation .
 It comes in bulk packaging , not what I expected . Works good with my Sony Ericsson S500i .
 Good item for the price , it works great and is compatible with my Sony Ericson W350a
 works well with my phone . i 'm happy with the 4GB size as it makes it more convenient -LRB- and cheap -RRB- for me to just have my music and videos on one device instead of 2 -LRB- i.e. ipod + phone -RRB- . the downfall , however , is the M2 adapter . it 's not USB compatible and not sure what it 's meant for , so i felt misled
 Due to how I like to use my phone , I needed much more memory than one normally would purchase . however the added relief I recieve knowing I have enough memory for all I want to save now or later is a blessing .
 Works as advertised . Good price . Used in our Sony Ericsson cell . Installed and cell found the storage right away .
 I bought this for a girlfriend of mine . Her phone needed more memory for MP3 's and this was exactly what she wanted . It was a little hard to figure out the right model for her phone but the description and compatability list was dead on . Thanks !
 I 've not taken advantage of this item in my cellphone , but it was shipped quickly , and was as advertised . Better pricing than what I found even at Wal-Mart . Good product .
 Excellent price for 4Gbs and it is working as expected . However , it did NOT ship with the Memory Stick Pro Duo adapter as advertised in the Product Details . This is not a huge problem for me , but it would have helped me use it outside of my Sony Ericsson w760a with a previously purchased MS Pro Duo USB adapter . If you 're a soccer fan , it shipped with some South America soccer backgrounds , videos and ringtones which were easily deletable .
 4 gigsslow as hell in the phone i got it for , but if i use the sd card adapter it is plenty fast under windows .
 Very good size memory for my SmartPhone . Pretty fast , plain and simple storage.A must have for your SmartPhone .
 It holds about 4 gigs like it 's supposed to . Just pop it in an Ericsson .
 If you are intrested in expanding the memory or yor phone pick this or the 2 GB . They are great you will not regret it . I have a Sony Ericsson Cybershot and I use it all the time for my MP3 and Photos .
 Had to return this item due to incompatibility . They help me pick out a compatible product and provided me with the credit for the price difference !!! Thanks Blue Proton for all your help .
 It 's a thankless job ... you hardly ever get to hear from the happy people.Probably because it 's suposed to work well , as it does .
 No problems at all and this is the cheapest I found for a 4 GB memory card for my phone .
 hi to allwhen i saw the SanDisk SDMSM2-4096-A11M 4GB Memory Stick Micro -LRB- M2 -RRB- in Amazon i feel so happy cuse i didnt found this thing in my country . so i orderd and i recived only only by few days . thanks to Amazon
 I got 2 of these , one for me and one for my girlfriend , she loves it . And the second one came with a different adapter that fits in my PSP . Cool because if my phone breaks i can use the card with my PSP : -RRB-
 I have a Sony 580i phone . Just plugged the 4mg card in and it worked perfectly with the phone . Card easily pops in and out . I recommend the 4mg , but nothing less than the 2mg .
 THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR AT SUCH A GREAT PRICE !!! I 'M PROBABLY GOING TO BE BUYING A SECOND . I BOUGHT IT FOR MY NEW CELL PHONE THAT ALSO HAS A WALKMAN FOR MUSIC AND THIS MEMORTY STICK HOLDS SOO MUCH MUSIC ! THE PRICE IS WHAT ACTUALLY GOT ME ... I PRICED THEM EVERYWHERE AND AMAZON.COM WAS THE BEST !!
 This device works great !! It has massive storage and it even came with a slide in adapter to put into your PC !! Worth every pennie !
 I was surprised to see the low price on the 4Gb SanDisk Memory Stick Micro -LRB- M2 -RRB- since it was less than half the cost of most other places . Delivery was quick and so far , it has functioned well in my Sony Erikson phone . I thought the $ 14.90 shipping cost was pretty steep for the tiny package and sure enough , the shipping stamp was just over $ 2.00 , so I suppose that 's a way for the company to make a ew extra bucks . Despite that , it was still a lot cheaper than anywhere else I could find , so I 'm pretty happy with my purchase .
 Works fine . Its nice to have so much memory packed into such a tiny space . The Memory Stick Pro Duo adapter is a bit cheap so you must be careful when pulling it out of something . I cracked mine while trying to pull it out of a Memory Stick Pro adapter .
 Did not get item it time was supposed to , but item is great works fine so far
 I received the product within 3 days and had it in my phone working immediately . No problems .
 JoWow delivered fast and 4G card worked right away , no need to format.Now my w580i can hold tons more music : -RRB-
 Took it out of the pack and added to my SE W580i.Added Music , Photographs and was ready to go ...
 Using this for my Sony Ericsson cell phone . This on is inexpensive and working great for more than a year . I like this .
 SanDisk SDMSM2 - 004G - A11M 4GB M2 Memory Stick Micro -LRB- Black -RRB- very good quality of this memory I recommend 100 %
 This memory does exactly what it needs to
 I just want to take the time to say that , I have been using this SanDisk SDMSM2-004G-A11M 4GB M2 Memory Stick Micro -LRB- Black -RRB- for about a month now . It works great and holds alot of memory . For those that , do n't know it comes with it 's own Adapter that , connects to your computer . Thank you , Amazon for this sites where you can find products at a reasonable price . Be Bless
 This product also comes with memory adapter . which is not mentioned in this product description nor in the image . I ended up buying another adapter . I should have waited to receive this product . It would have been nicer if seller can show images or mention about adapter in description .
 I bought this for my wife 's Sony Ericsson phone . It has worked well without any issues and is quite spacious . It is hard to find a top quality product such as this one from Sandisk for such a low price -LRB- at the time of writing -RRB- . Grab one when you can !
 It worked great in my phone , music , pics , etc loaded and saved fast . Never a hiccup . This thing is tiny though ! Not a big deal since it lived in my phone all the time .
 it has great space , for everything i need at least , and it works great by itself and with other adapters
 Great design , from the top name in aftermarket flash media . Fits perfectly , and with adapter can fit many Memory stick products .
 Great product !! I plugged it in , and had an instant approx 4GB on my sony phone !! Replaced my MP3 player and now I have it all in one !
 works like a charm in my K790a . Just wish I had waited for the price to drop a little more so I would have heard the announcement of the 8 gig card later this year .
 4GB was the sweet spot for me . Works great with my Sony Ericsson W580i cell phone . I waited until the 8GB came out to drive the 4GB price down .
 This memory stick works great in my wife 's sony ericsson w300i phone . I did n't need to format or do anything other than to install it in the phone .
 The extra memory is great to have for my music . I have over 200 songs and it 's only 25 % full .
 Works Great and although not posted on SE 's site it will work with the w610i
 Most other vendors had a higher price for their 2GB memory sticks . Worked perfectly with w580i even though phone should only be compatible with max 2GB of memory . Product was perfect and delivery -LRB- to Hawaii -RRB- was fast .
 Not much you can say about a flash memory card . It works great in my Sony Walkman player/phone , even though some sites mention a 2 GB limit for the W580i phone , it had no problem with this 4 GB card .
 If you are into music , pictures and even video , this is probably one of the best investments anybody can make ... Works great with my sony ericsson w580i . I can play music in almost any format , take pictures , record videos and play full length movies -LRB- mpeg4 format for those who wonder -RRB- . And after all of that i still have lots of space . I strongly recommend this product if you have a cellphone with all those capabilities . I havent checked this yet , but it can probably work as a usb flash drive , you can probably save your work , documents , or even software on this , I bet you 'll never run out of space ... great product .
 Bought this for my Sony Ericson W580i Cell Phone.Works great with no problems .
 This product had a good price and was received in good condition and worked fine . Delivery was a little slow and no information on shipping was received . Negative comments made me a little nervous and I probably wo n't order again .
 Great price and fast delivery . I 'm now able to download close to 800 songs to my Sony Ericsson phone or take even more pictures .
 Product was exactly as advertised , packed well , and a great value . however , shipping took a REALLLLLYYYYY long time . almost 2 weeks to go from New York to Maryland ? maybe just a postal service problem , but buyer beware that it might take a while to get your item .
 Several people wondered if this card would work in the Sony W580i cell phone . I popped it in and it worked great . I have 280 songs on the card and its only half full . I 've been using it for a month and absolutely no problems with the card ! I recommend it highly .
 I invite you to buy here , they do deliver the product in the time schedule and with quality expected.Just thank you . . !!
 If you need it and the price is good , then buy it.Works perfect .
 I bought this for extra memory in my new Sony Ericsson W760 . I have n't had any issues with it and it has plenty of storage for all my music and photos . I also liked the price !
 I ordered this for use in my new cell phone that doubles as an MP3 player . Now I have twice as much memory as my old MP3 player ! The best part was the price .
 What can I say ? In 1987 I bought a 40MB hard drive for a new 286 machine for over $ 600 . Oh , the money I 've spent ...
 sorry ... i just had a question ... it 's this 4GB m2 card fixed in the sony erison S500I ?? please email the answer to me ... thank ...
 I have had this 4gb card in two Sony Ericsson Phones and it has worked as expected.Size is accurate.Speed transfer is phone dependent -LRB- slow on the older one -RRB- Great for holding pictures and music .
 I was totally and completely happy with this purchase . The quality was great and everything was in tact upon arrival . The speed in which it arrived was impressive too , a couple of days ! Thanks !
 I used Sony M2 4GB for my K790a cellphone and in my PSP2000 -LRB- with memory stick pro duo adapter -RRB- . Its a must if you need many songs and do n't wan na bother deleting your photos or changing music files very frequently . Its Sony proprietary which makes it very costly as compared to microSD -LRB- more popular than m2 -RRB-
 Great price , I now have thousands of songs on my W580i , and a few videos . Be aware that the MS Duo adapter it comes with is smaller than the original standard size Sony memory stick/MS Pro , and will not work with the multi-card reader adapters on most Dell laptops .
 I bought this mem to use with my Sony Ericsson P1i . This phone came with a 1 Gb sony m2 mem and you can noticed difference when accesing files . Reading/Writting process with Sony 's M2 is quicker than Sandisk . Anyway I am satisfied withs this chip . Also it comes with an adapter . I recommend it !
 Have had 0 problems with it , Im using it in my cell phone and love the size it offers . Great buy !
 I bought this for my boyfriend for a birthday present . He loves it because he finally has an iPod substitute in his cell phone . I love it because the price was so low , compared to the 1 GB M2 sticks in Circuit City and Best Buy , and because the 4 GB stick is hard to find . This is perfect for that new Sony phone .
 Great product . Its hard to believe you can fit so much on such a small card . Great price too .
 Good product . I am still using this for my sony ericson w518a phone . Its been one and a half year , still working good . worth buying .
 This product was perfect ! I used it in my phone to save its memory -LRB- i.e. pictures and music -RRB- . It is still working for me now !!
 It works fine with my Z750a . After using this , I realized that I wo n't use 4 GB , maybe for pictures or music someday .
 The memory disk was fine , as expected . I stored some photos on it and the quality of the photos was great .
 I bought this to use in mySony Ericsson W580i Jungle Green Phone -LRB- AT&T ;-RRB- , and I could n't be happier . Wow . 4GB of storage , and I 've used it for photos , video , and audio with great results.My main reason for purchasing the extra memory was to be able to carry around the review/refresher/practice CDs -LRB- rendered into . mp4s -RRB- I obtained withRosetta Stone V3
 4 Gigs is a great size for holding all the information you need on your phone . If you are looking for this kind of product , this is a fairly simple answer to your needs . Memory size is sure to grow , so the only thing to pay attention to is that there are a couple different physical sizes for memory sticks and if you put the wrong one in it can get stuck .
 Works with no problems on both of my Sony Ericcson W580i 's . Hard to find anywhere else at time of my purchase .
 Great product , great price & great shipping . Works like a charm on my W580i . Though Sony says the phone can not `` see '' more than 2GB , my phone seems to recognize its a 4GB card . This with any Sony phone makes any Iphone & its price tag look bad .
 I was very happy to find that there was a non-Sony brand memory chip for my new Sony-Ericcson mp3 phone . The Sony branded chip was much more expensive . Since I 've had experience with SanDisk previously , I decided to give this one a try . Once again , SanDisk came through without a hitch . I 'd recommend this to anyone looking for an M2 style memory stick .
 cheep and works with the s500i even though sony 's site says the s500i can only use up to 2gb
 I liked the m2 it works perfectly with my phone . it has a decent amount of memory .
 I inserted this into a DSC S650 Sony Digital Camera , and it says I now have 1300 pictures available to take . I ordered this product on Friday , and it arrived on Monday . Now that 's fast . Shipped out of Jersey and I live in middle GA. . I think the price was very reasonable too . Consider how much you would pay for a 4 Gb thumb drive . Thanks !
 I was very pleased with the quick , courteous customer service I received when working with the vendor of this product ; they made it easy to make some changes to my order without much hassle . The motherboards are high quality and are working well now for us.Thanks !
 Not as Noise Canceling as it should be but has nice sound quality , quick deivery by vendor . Thanks .
 Still works after months stuffed in my bag every day . Folds up to fit . Good sound . Noise reducing . I now see why people are going back to big headphones
 I was looking for a cheap set of headphones to use with my amateur radio . I gave these phones by Koss a try , and found they have a great balanced sound.They are also comfortable to wear for long periods of time .
 Very comfy and sturdy . Sound great ! I do n't think you will be disappointed if you buy ! I have had other headphones that cost 4 times as much as they are not as comfortable or as sturdy as these ! I would buy again . In fact , if I was n't so broke right now , I 'd buy another pair right now before they change models and quit making this style .
 I got these headphones for my boyfriend and he loves them ! They have good bass . And when you have them on you ca n't hear anything else . They are also comfortable . And are resonably priced .
 I had a very low budget for headphones , and was looking for the best I could do under $ 50 . Got a set of Sound Pollution for $ 40 at Walmart . They were junk , and the input plug went bad within a month . I traded them in for this set of Koss , which were $ 10 cheaper.Look - you 're not buying Sennheisers or a set of Beats . But these are pretty nice speakers for the money . I do a lot of gaming and listen to a lot of classical music , and they work nicely enough.A good , reasonably priced solution for headphones .
 To be fair , this is the first pair of headphones of this style I have used . They came free with some brain software . However , most headphones in the past have been uncomfortable , and I 've always found these to be nice . I had them for a couple years -LRB- used them on and off -RRB- . The reason they broke is that my friend accidentally vacuumed up the cord . I tried to cut it and rewire it , but that did n't work out , so I bought myself another pair . So while I do n't have much in the way of comparison , I really like the headphones and have n't had any problems with them . -LRB- Oh , I do n't take them anywhere either ; they sit at home on a desk . -RRB-
 Those headphone sound amazing ! I only listen to music for fun but I really like the sound of it . I compare my headphones to two pair of beats by Dr. Dre , the studio and the solo model and I can barely see the difference . The only drawback of those headphone is that they are ugly . But it 's not a problem for me .
 I 've been using these in the office for several months now and they work fine . Decent sound quality , chord is long enough so it 's not yanking on me when I plug it into the radio . I 've taken them on several flights now , they work ok for hearing a movie / mp3 while in flight , but they definitely are not noise cancelling . Collapsable enables you to toss into the laptop bag while moving around and not be in the way.All in all , I 'm happy with the ~ $ 20 I spent on them .
 I bought a pair of these headphones about 3 years ago and they 're still going strong . I just bought a pair for my dad for father 's day as he loved mine so much . Coming from him that 's a big compliment because he 's worked in the audio industry doing technical work as well as being an on air DJ at various radio stations for over 20 years of his life . He 's heard a lot of headphones performance and says that this is one of his favorites . I find that I pick up nuances of sound I 'd never heard before in albums I 'd listened to hundreds of times . I love these headphones ! They also block noise very well for being a lower end model .
 I have had my ur29s for so many years im not sure how old they are . just recently they started to loose the plastic cover on the ear pads and the headset . I was really bummed because they had become a good friend and I didnt know how to replace them . Well low and behold Koss has a lifetime warranty and they are covered ! So all you folks who love these HP like I do , do not dispare ! I am sending them out to get refurbished and Im going to by another pair from Koss !
 I got these because my roommate had them and they 're cool . They 're a little tight , but my head 's small enough . There 's another Amazon page for this identical item , so I do n't know why there are two pages . I bought from here because it was cheaper.I read a review that complained these headphones did n't have Koss 's crisp , trademark sound . I had a pair of Koss headphones before these and I honestly do notice a difference .
 sound quality pretty decent . not adjustable , so i hope you have a large skull . be careful with the little plastic clasps that allow the headphones to collapse . they do n't have any markings that indicate which way to push to collapse , and they give a little both ways , so you want to be extra careful to not snap them right off ... seriously . i 'm that strong.OK - SO I 'M THAT STRONG . BROKEN AFTER A FEW SHORT MONTHS . DO N'T BOTHER . THEY LOOKED COOL , BUT THEY LET ME DOWN . KOSS AND I ARE OFFICIALLY BROKEN UP . I WANT MY CLASS RING BACK , KOSS . IT 'S OVER ; - -RRB-
 I bought these at `` Wallchart '' a few years ago south of 30 bucks . They sound good to me for my MP3 files and block out a good deal of noise . I take these to school with me -LRB- college -RRB- to block out people during lab time and concentrate on working.They fold down and fit in my backpack great - have been VERY durable -LRB- I am not delicate with them -RRB- and have held up great over the years.Another thing I like about them is that I can lay on my side in bed and not worry about being rough on a 300 dollar pair of headphones . That piece of mind is GREAT . I never have a second thought about stuffing these in my backpack.There are 2 cons I can think of and why I am here pricing higher end headphones.The biggest Con is HEAT . My ears get wicked hot in these things after awhile . No big deal in the winter time , but in the summer , it 's uncomfortable.The next con really is n't a con so much as I am ready to get a pair of `` big boy '' headphones with better sound.I tell you what though - for less than 30 bucks , you can NOT go wrong with these things . I would recommend them to anyone !
 Ok , I 'm going to be the first to say they are cheap . BUTTT the pros dramatically outweigh the cons.PROS : - The headphones sound great -LRB- My girlfriend has some $ 140 bose headphones and if they are 100 % audio quality , these are about a 70 % without exaggeration -RRB- - The earmuffs go around big ears too . - The padding feels pretty good . -LRB- both the band and earmuffs -RRB- - They are light and do n't squeeze your head . - They block out a surprising amount of sound . No they are n't noise canceling , but I was impressed for the $ 20 I paid.CONS : - The cord is supper cheap . I 'm not sure It will hold up over time . - The audio jack is tad on the loose side , but I 'm picky with that and like them to be super snug . That said the sound is solid regardless of whether or not I `` jingle '' it . - The volume changer works fine but I personally prefer not to have it . - This is not really a con but its worth mentioning ... If I wanted to jog with them , I could n't because they do n't squeze tight enough . But If I wanted to sit around and listen , then I do n't want them to squeeze hard ... So its pretty much a pro and con.I almost dropped a star because the headphones had a cheap cable , but thinking about the price and how satisfied I was with the sound quality and again considering the price ; I think they earned a full 5 stars . I look forward to listening to music with them .
 I have been using these headphones for about 5 years and have had NO problems , whatsoever . I wo n't bother with a long paragraph about them , so I 'll cut to the chase ... Pros : - Great build quality . Still fitting snug , adjuster is n't loose , and no broken parts after 5 years of use.-Very decent sound quality . I would expect this sound quality for $ 100 headphones , not $ 30.-Lows -LRB- bass -RRB- are AMAZING for such headphones . Deep and even make my jaw vibrate.-Soundscape -LRB- surround sound -RRB- pretty decent as well.-Volume adjuster is pretty handy.-They fold up very nicely and are compact.-Cable is very durable and thick.Neutral : - Cable is very long . Good for lots of movement , not good for portability.Cons : - Slightly uncomfortable for long periods of time.-Padding feels a bit cheap , but it has absolutely held up for the past years I 've had them .
 These headphones are very comfortable and the sound quality is very high . The volume control on the cord is handy . Durable material , and a really good buy all around .
 I 've had these headphone for about two months now and they 're a really good pair of headphones . I really like that they 're foldable because they 're easy to store in my bookbag . These headphones are loud and reduce noise quite nicely . Good Buy !!
 My son received these headphones for a Christmas present and loved the features and sound quality . They were a great buy for the money .
 I bought the CHRY02-AUX for my 2004 Dodge Ram truck to improve the sound of my Sirius radio . You need to remove the radio to install but that is n't hard job . I was able to put the device to the left of the radio behind a panel . To use you Sirius or IPOD with this device just push the mode button on the radio and bingo it works ! This device does n't interfere with normal use of the radio 's CD player . I 've had Sirius in my truck over 3 years using different ways to interface it to my stock radio and this by far works best . I 've use the inline antenna connector which made my Sirius sound great but killed normal radio reception . I tried using the FM broadcast mode of the Sirius but that had too much static . I almost bought a new radio to solve my problems until I discovered this device .
 This was exactly what i needed , it got to my house in 3 days and it was exactly as pictured , hooked up and worked great in my 04 Jeep WJ
 This product worked great.Music Plays with CD quality.Much better then a radio.It was very easy to install.You take out one screw and pull off the rest of the panel.Then its just 4 screws to get behind the radio and plug in the cable.There is plenty of space underneath.I installed it on my Jeep Liberty 2006
 Customer service rocked the house . I 'll always buy from them for all my car audio needs ! Writing words now to get to twenty because Amazon says I need to I 've said my piece maybe this is why I do n't review stuff all the time .
 I installed this on a 2004 Chrysler PT Cruiser OEM radio -LRB- no sat. , or CD changer attached -RRB- with relative ease . The main trick was figuring out where to mount the box which is about 4 '' x 2 '' x 1 '' . Once I zip tied everything down , I was done . I bought a panel mount stereo female jack with cable that I put in next to the rear window windshield wiper controls for a professional look . I have had it going for over a week with no problems . The sound is CD-quality . I would recommend this converter for anyone looking for a simple and less expensive way to add a MP3 audio jack without wanting to buy a whole new radio unit .
 FM Transmitters are not an option for MP3 integration . There 's just too much stuff on the airwaves and even though it seems like they should work -- there 's still static that gets in there.I think this overpriced at $ 60 - $ 70 -- but it does work well . The plastic is * very * cheap feeling though so I ca n't imagine this cost a lot to manufacture . Anyway , pulling the stereo on a Jeep Liberty is an easy job -LRB- relatively speaking -RRB- and this is just a plug-and-done install once that 's done . The sound quality is as good as you can get out of your stock deck.No complaints .
 Installed this in my 2005 Wrangler Unlimited . Plugged directly into the back of my radio and and accepts any 3.5 mm plug from any audio device . Works great with my portable XM satellite receiver . I hate those FM retransmitters as well and this makes for a clean installation with great sound .
 I 've been plagued with no free space in the radio broadcast spectrum where I live . This makes standard RF transmitters nearly useless.This input adapter was easy to install and sounds great!Been using it for a couple of months with no issues .
 simple to install -- just like they said , it plugs right into the unused CD changer jack on the back.sounds great -- clear sound , far better than those FM transmitters or cassette adapters .
 I purchased this adapter for my 2005 Wrangler Rubicon to be able to play my mp3 player through the stock radio -LRB- CD changer compatable with RBK code on bottom left -RRB- . I did n't want to change the head unit -LRB- I like the looks of the OEM stuff -RRB- and the Rubicon system sounds good . I had some doubt about this adapter since some sites -LRB- such as Crutchfield -RRB- said it would not work in the 2005 Wrangler . PIE 's site said it would . I installed it without removing the radio -LRB- removed the pannel under the steering column and felt my way around behind the radio and used my `` 20/20 '' index finger vission , perhaps not the recommended method -RRB- with one hand while on the phone to my oldest son with the other and my youngest son -LRB- 8 -RRB- climbing on my legs to see what I was doing . All in all , did it from start to finish in less than an hour -LRB- If I had had both hands and some day light , may have been done in 20 minutes -RRB- . Sounds great , much better than the cassette adapter I had been using in another truck for the past 4 years and better than any FM converter I have heard . All in all , much cheeper than a new head unit and I keep the stock look and no aux cable sticking out the front of the head unit . Good deal !!
 Installed in a 2002 Dodge Neon and now the stereo has an input for anything with a 3.5 mm output jack .
 very happy . NO MORE FM channel crap or cassette tape doohickie . Clean sound and wire sits nicely in glove compartment ... 90mn to install .
 Easy to install . Works as advertised . The nice feature about this product is you can use any cell phone , mp3 player that has a standard earphone jack . I use my android phone and when someone calls if the rca is plugged in i can still talk to the person over speaker phone and the callers voice is pumped into the car speakers . Great product .
 This item arrived quickly and was easy to setup . Instead of removing the dash and pulling the radio , I was able to take off my glovebox and plug this into the back of my factory radio in a 2004 Jeep Wrangler . No bells and whistles , just plugged connected my Zune via a headphone to rca into the device rca jacks and it works great . Clear sound , no whine like some of the fm modulators make . No controls from the factory radio , you need to control from your mp3 player . Time to make some playlists .
 This worked great for me . I installed it in my wife 's Jeep . Expect a control like a disc changer ; it 's very rudimentary but it was nice and easy enough that my wife did not get frustrated with it . It worked as intended . A tip
 Bought this to attach a bluetooth module to a 2002 Jeep Liberty . My first attempt was to manually attach analog audio signals to the analog pins in the 10-pin connector input on the back of the head unit , but that does n't work since the head unit will not recognize that a ` cd changer ' - like device is attached without further electrical connection among the other pins.Using this device , the radio head immediately recognizes a cd changer attached and the audio inputs play perfectly . Sound quality is great also.I used this along with a Belkin bluetooth device to enable my phone to play music and phone conversations through my 2002 Jeep Liberty built-in stereo .
 This worked exactly as expected and a quick review of a YouTube video showed how easy it was to install it . It would have taken me less than 15 minutes to install by itself , but I added an aux jack to the dash for a more finished look which added a few more minutes minutes.The vendor shipped promptly .
 I have a 2003 Jeep Grand Cherokee and this works amazing!Just got this as a gift for Christmas -LRB- even though I was the one that picked it out -RRB- and was finally able to install it ! Works great ! Definitly would recommend this product for anyone looking to keep the stock look but wants to play their music through the car stereo !
 Installed in minutes , works great . Received in 3 days with instructions . Perfect for ipod/iphone use with great clarity . A +
 Works , great , easy install , does everything that I wanted it to do for a great price. , Would definitely recommendto anyone
 I could have saved a trip to radio shack if I had known that I would need another adapter to connect to sirius reciever .
 We are very happy with this and it works great . We installed this in our 2007 Jeep Liberty with an RBK factory radio/CD player -LRB- same stereo as in many Chrysler vehicles of the same age -RRB- . I had to unplug the Sirius Satellite Radio from the CD changer plug in order to free up a plug for this . I do n't care about losing satellite radio because we are n't subscribed to it anyways and probably never will so I pretty easily managed to guide the wire in from the glove compartment and up to the back of the stereo unit . We then bought a stereo RCA to 3.5 mm cord -LRB- about $ 2 on amazon -RRB- in order to connect our ipod , iphone , and android phone to listen to music . Sound quality is excellent.I removed one star because I paid $ 59 dollars for this . I could n't find a better deal anywhere else but I still feel very much like that it is far too much to pay for what appears to be a small amount of wiring and components in that little box . We probably could have gotten better value by buying a whole new stereo unit with bluetooth even for just a bit more money but I did n't have the time or patience to research it and do the installation myself.I 'm still very happy with it even though it seems overpriced.FYI The Jeep stereo acts like it 's connected to a CD changer -LRB- CDC -RRB- that has only one disk with one track and the phone or ipod just acts like it has headphones plugged in . Do n't forget to turn up the volume on the ipod/phone first and then turn it up on the car stereo second .
 Initially I was n't sure if this was going to work on my stereo since the Amazon `` does it fit you vehicle '' thing said it wouldnt work with my 2004 Rubicon but it works great . The audio quality and level is on par with the cd player . Installation was also really quick , maybe 10 mins but installing in a jeep is pretty easy :-RRB- I just removed my glove box , felt around the back of the stereo until i found the slot for it and felt for the key alignment , pulled my hand out and lined up the connection from the aux input , then went back in with the connector and it clicked right in . I really wish i would have just bought one of these instead of monkeying around with different FM transmitters . The best FM transmitter I owned does n't come close to the audio level or quality of this adapter .
 This product is a simple solution to technically disadvantaged vehicle . Installation might take a little savy but not to difficult . Highly recommended .
 Got this for my 2005 Jeep Liberty Sport , stock radio , and it works great ! Took about 15 min to take the radio out , and plug this in . I also needed a RCA to 3.5 mm adapter , and after I got that it works great with my iPod ! Would buy again !
 I own a Jeep Liberty . The device I recieved is different than the one in the picture . The box is very sturdy and the audio connection is a pair of female RCA dongles . The device works great , and the sound is awesome . When I plug it into my android phone it works as a great hands free device . It feels like it 's too expensive , but now that I have it , it 's all that I use , overall I think it 's worth it .
 A must have for any Srt-4 owner ! simple plug and play is fantastic!Sounds amazing and best of all you dont have to replace the factory head unit which i really didnt want to do.I like my Srt to look stock appearing at least on the inside : -RRB-
 Wow this product is really cheap looking . Typical chinese crap and definitely over-priced . I would put manufacturing cost at about $ 5 . But it works in my Jeep Liberty 2006 -LRB- stock radio/CD player - not a multi CD player -RRB- . Note
 The Aux Input works very well on my husband 's 2004 Dodge Dakota Quad Cab . He had to remove the front instrument panel cover on his truck , but it was a fairly easy installation .
 I installed this in a 2002 Dodge Durango and it works great . Not sure if I need it , but I installed a ground loop isolator at the same time just to prevent any hum from the alternator also . Beats using the FM modulator or tape deck inputs by far to get the iPod playing . Definitely consider this !
 Sounds GREAT in my 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo !!! This and a -LSB- Belkin Audio Y Cable Splitter 1-Mini Plug/2-RCA Plugs -LRB- 6ft -RRB- -RSB- installed in about 15 minutes and no more FM transmitter !
 The New Deal is the GOOD DEAL . This worked out great and saved us from giving up our favorite camcorder , making it AS GOOD AS NEW .
 The Kingmax drive is truly tiny , as physical size goes . I enjoy showing to people who are convinced it 's not really a USB device . It is , it 's merely lacking an unnecessary metal shroud.Kingmax accomplishes this by constructing the drive so that most of what you see is the actually memory chip itself , with a thin plastic shell to provide for a place to attach the included keychain . This has the added effect of making the device extremely durable ; It 's no simple feat to break an IC.All in all , a great product .
 It 's awesome . I love the size , small but works well . A word of caution , the plastic the card is made out of cracks . I have used mine as a key chain and the contact strip holds up to abuse , problem is the plastic around the inners started cracking at the seams from the first day . This happened on both my cards and also both of my friends cards . I now keep it in my wallet .
 I 've purchased 4 of the 2 GB drives , and have been using them for about a month . Size obviously is great . Did n't realize that they are formated differently from other flash drives . In Windows explorer , my Corsair 8GB flash drives shows up as FAT32 , these show up just as FAT -LRB- do n't know if it is FAT16 or what -RRB- . What I did find , with great pleasure , is that the 900 MB of files on my Corsair , copied over to under 300 GB on these ! I checked the file count and opened dozens of files to make sure everything was there , and it was ! Only down side I see with these drives is that they are a little slow compared to other flash drives .
 The casing could use some re-enforcement , I 've kept mine on a keychain since I bought it and one of the rear corners has cracked , but it was easily repaired with some super-glue and it can keep on taking a beating . It 's on my keychain that is frequently stuck into the side of a motorcycle and subjected to high winds and even rain occasionally . The same day that I got stuck in that rainstorm on the motorcycle I was in such a hurry to get out of my wet clothes that I did n't take my keys out of my pocket when I threw my pants into the washer . Yep . Even though the casing was cracked it still went through the washer and the dryer and it still totally works.I 'm not so sure about the speed thing , it seems plenty fast on some computers , not so much on others , but That leads me to think that maybe I should blame the slower computers . flash drives are always really slow if you make the mistake of sticking them into a computer that only has usb 1.1 ... So it works fine , Although I am wary of the reviews where people 's drives have stopped working , I think at 9.99 you can afford to buy a couple and It 's never a good idea to keep the only copy of an important file on a removable drive.The best thing about this is that it 's small enough to keep on my keychain all the time . So whenever you need a file and you 're someplace totally random , like at a friend 's house and he just finished processing those photos from the big party ... You do n't have to sit there and try to find out if your yahoo mail acct can really handle a 200 MB zip file . or burn a CD that 's way harder to carry around than this tiny flash drive.So there you go .
 Everyone who has seen my Kingmax has been impressed that it is 2GB and so tiny.I have forgotten my first Super Stick twice through the wash and dry . It survived each time without any problems even months later . It is very durable and obviously water-proof and heat resistant . I do not have it on my key-ring however , since its metal contacts are open and I do not want them scratched up . The included plastic strap is large , stiff , and does not look like it goes with this key at all . I used an old , small Kodak camera strap , and for my second Kingmax , a strap from another USB key.I really like this USB key , and I now own three . I own two 2gb versions , and one 512 . The 512mb version I keep in my wallet as a D. Small Linux USB drive . The other two I keep in a pocket without keys.The wrist strap was so bad I threw all three away . Also , the plastic coat that comes with the key will eventually be lost - count on it . Even without the protective sleeve and throwing away the included terrible wrist strap , this has been a worthwhile purchase , and I plan to buy more for gifts . Minus one star for not having any case , and a worthless , huge wrist strap .
 Tiny , durable , FAST and tons of space for a low low price . I 've had it attached to my keychain now for a couple months with no sleeve or protection and it still looks brand new and works perfectly .
 this is an amazing little device , Win XP saw it instantly , was up and running . i have a scandisk 1Gig with v3 on it , compairing the two is like compairing a bicycle to a Corvette . I am recomending this product to all of my friends
 This is exactly as advertised . Super small flash drive and a lot of memory for the price . Shipping was very fast ! Great product . Highly recommended .
 It is amazing . I bought a long time ago , and never got problems . It is perfect . Compact . It is possible to use it on the wallet .
 I was unsure when I saw this item ... . Nonetheless , I purchased it -LRB- heck for 2gig for $ 20 with shipping why not ? -RRB- I was ever so delighted when I finely received the jump drive ... So far it rocks it just , almost too small . LOLI would recommend this item ... . I might buy a couple more myself !
 I love the size . it is super thin and small , but I have to keep the lanyard on it so i wont lose it . I get tons of compliments at school . The casing seems pretty strong for its size . I think this one should last me a while , considering that my last flash drive is bent and will break off soon .
 Amazing - only thing is I 'm afraid I will lose it , it is so small ! Great little product .
 Not much to say but simply it does what it 's supposed to . It 's small , efficient , and works like a charm . What more can you ask from a product . Oh yeah and the price is great !
 This flahdrive its pretty usefull when you need to have something where to store information and not to many people have to know .
 Jesus , this thing is tiny -- exactly what I was looking for for my keychain . I saw a friend with a 1GB model and bought myself this one merely minutes later . No longer do I have to cart around a heavy thumb flash drive , I can hook this to my keys and just forget about it ! And you ca n't argue with that price either . Works just fine with my Intel Mac and OS X 10.4 , even though it 's not specified on the packaging . The only concern I could possibly have is durability , and that remain to be seen . FINALLY someone realized that nobody wants to deal with caps that you lose and sticks that are just too big to comfortably go with your keys.UPDATE
 Easy and cheap . Stores perfectly my files . I wish I bought the larger memory stick than having the 2 GB .
 I LOVE this drive ! It 's been on my keychain for 3 years and still holding up fine . I really like how small and to the point it is , and it has a very fast transfer rate . It 's been through the washing machine at least a dozen times , been dropped off the side of a cliff by accident , been chewed on by my dog , and it 's still fine .
 No problems here . Easy to use in crafts since it is so small . Also easy to lose ... Have washed/dried one of them at least 5 times and it still works just fine .
 The product transfers data speedily and easily stays on my key chain . My first one broke where the hole is for the lanyard . Sent it back to TheMemStore and got a new one in a couple weeks . Overall great product .
 My friends are amazed to see a memory stick as small as this ! So far the product says what it does and does what it says . It 's early days yet but I am confident that I will still be pleased at the end .
 I love this it is So small and easy to use and i have had no problems with it i have had it a good half a year
 ... and you are carrying top secret KGB documents on this drive , you could easily swallow it and recover it later with little or no discomfort . Yeah , its that small !
 This is thing is really small for a memory stick . but it works like a charm . reviews say it is slow , but all I can say is that it is fast enough for me . now , because of its small size , carrying it is a real challenge -LRB- who would 've thought that ? -RRB- . it 's way too small to use it with the included plastic hand strip and if you think about keeping it in your pockets , it could get lost easily . thankfully , I found a good solution to this . I put it inside the included plastic wrap and then put it inside my wallet . perfect ! this thing really looks durable and has proved so , so far . a recommended buy .
 Wow ... this thing really is small , but so far is works great . The biggest problem that I found was trying to figure out how to carry -LRB- and not lose -RRB- it . So far , I am going with keeping it in the little pouch -LRB- included -RRB- in my pocket with my change.The included software to repartition the drive into multiple drives and secure either -LRB- you have to run the only visible program and provide a password to access the protected partition -RRB- is also a nice touch .
 This USB drive is awesome . I have had mine for about 2 weeks and could not be happier . I have no doubt that this is the smallest 2GB `` thumb '' drive on the market . It is extremely well built.I wear mine on my dog tag chain -LRB- I 'm in the Army -RRB- and it 's there when I need it.If you are looking for a compact drive with lots of space ... this is it .
 Very cool device ! I wanted something small that would n't weigh my key chain down even more , and this fit the bill . Fits in any USB slot , unlike some of its bigger cousins , which are too wide or thick to fit into slots next to other occupied slots.The top of mine broke off after a few months - the section with the keychain hole in it broke off . I am not sure how that happened . The stick itself still worked , so I just ordered another and use the original as a backup .
 I bought the 1GB drive when it came out last year . It is soooo tiny . Take my advice and absolutely tie the small wristband/lanyard to it . I lost it in my briefcase for over a week . As a couple others have said , the drive does get very very hot but does n't seem to affect the operation.While I do n't suggest it , the drive has survived the beach and ocean -LRB- accidentally as I forgot it was in my pocket -RRB- . It still works flawlessly.Get it and amaze your buddies .
 This tiny flash drive is truly a technological marvel . Not only is it small , but it 's also extremely durable and value priced . Though i have stepped on it , bent it , washed it , dried it , dropped it , and everything else you could possibly do to a flash drive , it is still going strong . For the price you pay , this is an excellent buy which i would recommend to anyone . The only downside is that it is quite slow , much slower than other flash drive for the same price . But if speed is of no importance , than by all means , buy this product !! FYI , this review is not by L. Klop , but by her son . Sorry for the duplicate reviews .
 slim , work just fine , not expincive ... it worth your moneyif u need flash drive get this one or the 4gb
 The product is excellent . The price was the best I could get . Feel great each time I use it .
 Where else can you get a device the size of a stick of Orbit gum that holds 2GB of data and has it 's own USB connector built in ? I keep it in my wallet and do n't notice that it is there.I paid $ 21 shipped ... great price too .
 I love this little jump drive ! 2 GIGS ON A THING THE SIZE OF YOUR WIFES THUMBNAIL ! It actually fits smartly in a wallet compartment in its little anti-static sheath so I never have to worry about being without my 2 gigs.It works great - very fast as well . All that for $ 19.99 brand new -LRB- in my case -RRB- . BUY ONE NOW - YOU WONT REGRET IT !!!!!
 It is incredibly small and will slide easily into any USB slot . For the Dell CPUs at the universities , it proved to be very convenient since the USB slot is on a slant and it installed with no hassle . I 've seen other , larger memory sticks get bent while being slid in . The Kingmax Superstick 's size makes it impossible to damage . This product is highly satisfactory and recommended .
 I have gone through about 6 previous USB keychains , and destroyed all of them within a few weeks , mostly loosing the cap , having the lanyard plastic crack , etc. . Additionally , all of that plastic is too big for me.This one is slow , yes , but absolutely perfect for my keychain . My wife uses hers as a cell-phone dangle . The downside is that when you plug it into a computer , often the entire weight of your keys is hanging from the stick , which causes it to bend heavily , and leads to the delaminating that the reviewer abover mentioned . At $ 10 for 1GB , however , I ca n't get to upset about getting a new one every 4-6 months of heavy use.When something better comes out -LRB- same size , more indestructible , easier to unclip -RRB- I 'll switch , but until then this is by far the best .
 I have three like this , and i love them all !!! No problems until today !!! Excellent purchase ! Go for it ...
 Its very small , a little too small . I used the strap and attached it to my keys so I would always have it . The latch on the strap broke and I lost it within a week !
 Not onley was the price right , but the size of this flash drive is like no other . There are no con 's to this product . If you do n't like small , do n't give this product a bad review because it is too small and might get lost.This is a remarkable product .
 This was attached to my keychain for nearly 4 months , and was very useful . It 's size makes it trivial to carry around . However , it is not washer/dryer safe as listed in the description . Mine eventually came off in my pocket and was later found in the dryer -- no longer working . Am I upset ? No way ! It was only $ 6 ! I 'm just ordering another one , which will be better secured this time around.The drive has a solid feel and was not damaged by the keys on my keychain . Reading files off of it was quite fast , and putting files on was fast enough . I have not hesitated a moment to order another , except to consider getting one of the larger ones .
 I like small electronic devices and this thumb drive fits the bill . It is very small and yet plugs in firmly , functions well , and seems sturdy . It may be a bit slower than other cards I have used but I have filled it up and unloaded it and it was pretty quick -LRB- sorry I did not time it -RRB- . The only problem I have so far is my wife really likes it and keeps stealing it . For the price and size it is perfect .
 It really is tiny ! I bought a 2GB for myself but my husband was jealous that I had a cooler gadget than he did , so I caved and gave it to him , but will definitely be getting one for myself -LRB- maybe I will get a 4GB just to stay one up on him ! -RRB- . He loves it , it works great and is the perfect size to stick in his wallet and transfer files from courthouse to law office and everywhere in between . Plenty of room for anything he might need and it is no slower than any of the others we own . I will also get one for my college student and for my Dad to transfer genealogy files . Very handy , ca n't beat the price -LRB- less than $ 14 with shipping , to Alaska -RRB- and super fast shipping , had it in 3 days . Highly recommended !
 This is the kind of USB drive I always dreamt about . Something that fits in your wallet and does n't take up a lot of room . Warning
 The Kingmax super stick 2gb usb memory is small and reliable . i have used for a couple of weeks now in a high intensive schedule of copying , erasing and moving files on linux and win without problems . The memory came with a plastic case to protect the metalic terminals on the stick . Be sure to use the plastic chain to do not lost it .
 I wanted a USB flash/thumb drive that I could carry around with me everywhere I went . And this is definitely it ! It is about the size of the tip of my finger and weighs nothing . I actually wear it around my neck -LRB- using a dog tag chain -RRB- and now I can carry around everything I need . I really ca n't think of any possible reason to give this a negative review unless you 1 -RRB- paid too much for it -LRB- which is your fault , not the products -RRB- or 2 -RRB- it 's so small you lost it -LRB- which would also be your fault -RRB- . In other words , this is a top notch product at a great price -LRB- @ $ 20 -RRB- .
 This drive is awesome !!! Not only a small size so that I can keep important things right in my wallet , but tough as nails . Let me explain . My wife is sweet enough to assume I am on target with the whole take things out of my pocket thing . Well Im not , so bi-monthly I get a washed wallet . I dont keep business cards in there anymore , and only have license , credit cards , waterproof cards and my little flash drive.Bottom line , Washed , dried , placed in laptop , ALL WORKED FINE !!!! I wouldnt suggest a monthly washing , but I was impressed that it made it though one .
 This little wonder functioned beautifully , not to mentioned all the comments I got on its tiny size . Too bad I managed to loose it while carrying it in my wallet . In the course of carrying it for two months the casing became ever so slightly bent as a result of the pressure experienced in the wallet . However , I did not experience delamination issues that others have mentioned . If you can keep track of this little puppy I highly recommend it !
 We purchased two of these little drives . I use mine all the time and keep tons of information on it . So far so good , no complaints really . Great product for the price !
 I received my product 1 week after i ordered . So far so good . My only complaint is that I did n't quite like the end connectors because they 're shorter than usual ... making it harder to unplug . The quality is not the best but what do you expect ... for the price of 9.70 + 4.99 delivery , you just ca n't beat it !!! This is my first time ordering from Amazon and I ca n't complaint .
 Not much can be said about cable with the exception of the quality , price , and shipping ; all of which were great on this product . The cable arrived quickly and is of very high quality with great plugs/boots at the end.The price for 100ft ca n't be beat with free shipping ... its a heavy item and thus the free shipping alone increases the value via Amazon.GREAT Product .5 / 5 in my opinion .
 The AZ2555 is a good sounding boombox with useful auxillary and PC-link capabilities , and one that 's easy to transport if not exactly portable . I would give it a full five stars if it were n't for the minor quirks I 've encountered with the unit :1 . The provided USB cable is short -LRB- about three and a half feet -RRB- .2 . If you press `` play '' on the main unit rather than the remote , sometimes the remote playback features do n't work.I have been unable to get the unit to play MP3 CDs -- I placed a number of 192 + kbps VBR tracks that I 'd ripped from my CDs using LAME onto an MP3 CD organized into folders , but the boombox treated the entire CD as one large data track and was unable to play it . Perhaps it works with CBR MP3s at certain bitrates only.I will note , however , that the AZ2555 worked right out of the box with WinAMP 5.x on my computer . No special drivers or plug-ins were required . Of course , the boombox is treated essentially as a set of USB speakers -LRB- and thus works with pretty much everything -RRB- , but WinAMP was able to accept most of the button-presses on the Philips remote without user configuration . `` Shuffle '' was incorrectly treated as a pause button , but being able to switch shuffle on and off via a remote is n't enough reason for me to switch from WinAMP to MusicMatch.In short , I 'm pleased with my purchase -- the unit 's sound quality is excellent for the price and it works pretty well , all things considered .
 I love this boom box . It sounds great . I plug it into the T.V. and get that same sound when watching . I burn 80 min . 's of mp3 songs on my c.d. 's , and they play perfectly . But if you format to burn 100 mp3 songs on a c.d. the boom box will not read them . This is fine with me because by the time I 've listened to 80 min . 's of one artist I 'm ready for a change . I love the size , not , too big to easily move from room to room .
 this looks great , can anyone tell me if it plays CD-R/RW 's ?
 I bought this unit just recently but have tested it with all kinds of CDs.It does play Cds with mp3s . The mp3s can be arranged in folders -LRB- albums ... -RRB- or just burnt into the root directory.Please ignore the review stating that the boombox does not play mp3 Cds , it is absolutely misleading.Sound and radio reception quality is excellent /
 I used the $ 30 free from getting a amazon credit card and got this boombox for $ 55 including shipping . Definitely rocks ! If you want to check it out at a store , go to sears and buy one at the cheapest place you can find on the internet and rock on !
 OK , just to clarify . The AZ2555 does NOT play MP3s burned onto a CD , only via USB cable streaming from a PC . There is a newer virtually identical Philips `` Expanium '' model -LRB- AZ2558 -RRB- that is exactly the same except for the fact that it can play MP3s from CD . Unless you looked very closely for the `` Expanium MP3-CD '' logo on the front of the boombox and on the product 's box , you would n't know that they were two different products .
 USB PC Link
 I 've only been using the AZ2555 for a couple weeks so I ca n't comment on reliability . I was aware when I bought the box it did not play MP3 's . MP3 capability would be nice but all the MP3 boxes I listened to in this price range did not have the sound quality of this unit -LRB- which is very important to me -RRB- . It was the great sound and features that sold me . For example , it provides complete control over EQ which was not available with the other boxes I looked at . The speaker system provides deep smooth response and low distortion -LRB- I have n't played it extremely loud or outdoors -RRB- . The tuner is also very good . I really like the side handles as they do n't get in the way and make carrying the box -LRB- one side up -RRB- easier . I 'm thinking of buying another one for my workshop .
 I won this boombox off of cokemusic.com last year , and although I did n't have to pay for it , I am very glad to have taken the time to enter into the drawing for it . At the time , I was looking around at boomboxes in this class , because I am an active person and my home stereo system was n't portable . Although this is a big boombox , it produces high quality sound and for the price you ca n't go wrong . This component is unique in that you can plug it into your computer via usb , and not only use it as a set computer speakers but actually select and control the tracks with the boombox as if it were playing an mp3 cd -LRB- which contrary to popular beleif , it ca n't do -RRB- . So you can use the remote that comes with it to select tracks on your computer through your boombox . The only setback with this is that you have to use musicmatch for this feature to work , which is a good program once you have used if for a while -LRB- the transition from windows media to music match takes a while -RRB- . This boombox also has deep base and usually plays well at high volumes , although there have been incedents when distortion is present . The tuner is good , and the auxilary option makes it possible to play almost any audio type if you have a player of that type . For example , the boombox doesnt have a cassette deck , but if you have a portable one with the proper cable and a headphone jack , you can plug it into the boombox . So far I have no real complaints with this device , apart from its bulk and weight when it has batteries in it . Feel free to email me at Litdboy@yahoo.com with any questions you may have as I would be happy to answer them .
 this radio went everywhere i went for 2 yearsit was recently stolen but recovered at a pawn shop , no remote now . This is the best boom box i have owned and have used it in every set up imaginable and it has never let me down , i run my denon cd player thru it , cdn1000 , its a dj cdplayer with high end rca cables and that really let the radio shine , more clarity than the stock cd player with much higher signal to noise ratio . i dont care much for the tuner or cd player but the speakers can get much louder with an external source with the higher voltage pro audio line levels . its just a great performer and because i just moved i cant take my whole system so i am running the cd player thru a xover and running the philips for my temprary high end with my 1000 -LRB- real -RRB- watt 8in Velodyne subwoofer , i wont even consider using the 3 way sony speakers from my girlfriends bookshelf system , i can talk about this piece of hardware all night ! By the way , does anyone know the part number for the remote ? please e-mail it to me
 If you are looking for a portable CD player that sounds really good , then this attractive , but rather unusual styled , product is the machine to buy.Even without the dynamic bass boost system operating , music played on this system is very `` rich '' , and about the best I have ever heard on a portable Radio/CD player.I was a little disappointed with sound quality from the FM tuner . Mine suffers from slight distortion and just noticeable background hiss , even when tuned to strong signals . But you have to listen pretty carefully to hear it.The `` Power Meter '' is a bit of a gimmick as it displays `` internal '' signal strength , and not the output power to the speakers.I have owned another Philips potable Radio/CD/Tape player for a long time , and the only problem I have had with it is some of the mechanical slider switches and equaliser controls are starting to wear out . This model does n't use sliders , so I am expecting to be as reliable as all my other Philips equipment .
 I am impressed for the $ $ $ . Remember people , this IS a boombox , not a home system , so I would n't buy this as your home entertainment system ! I would recommend for anyone for their apartment/dormroom , garage workshop , patio/deck , office , etc. . Great sound for a boombox and a great deal for the $ $ $ . Great wOOx bass , easy to use , cool looking . The only negative is that it is a little bulky . There COULD be a little distortion if you try to turn the volume all the way up and depending on the CD/type of music , but this is true with most boomboxes . Very Solid .
 I bought this unit because I wanted a portable boombox I could lug between my kitchen and my laptop in the bedroom . For the price , the sound quality is as expected , and quite decent , which is the most important point of any piece of audio equipment , so no complaints there . I have the az2558 `` expandium '' model that plays mp3 CDs . Therein lies one complaint -- it ONLY plays . mp3 CDs . My entire collection -LRB- over 1000 cds -RRB- is ripped with Windows Media Player in the . wma format . There 's no reason why the machine could n't play a variety of formats , but it does n't . My second complaint is you need to use MusicMatch software to enjoy the remote control features if listening off your computer . I use Windows Media Player , I have no urge to change to MusicMatch and I 'm deathly afraid it will re-tag my collection , so I 'm afraid to even load it . It would have been nice to have some templates for different popular software packages.Overall I ca n't complain . It does what I ask and sounds ok . Right now I ca n't figure out if it sounds better through the USB link or the regular audio cable , but perhaps I 'll figure it out .
 I bought this boombox about a year ago and it is wonderful ! The features on it are great . I took it on vacation and used it as a surround sound system , it also doubles up as pc speakers . The only thing I would say bad about it is , it is kind of bulky .
 I bought this boombox on April 11 , 2004 at Meijer for $ 89.97 . What more could you ask for in a boombox . This one sounds great with its patented wOOx technology that gives you rich and accurate bass . You can connect an auxiliary source such as your game system , DVD player , etc. , if you desire . When you crank up the music , you can see the miniature wOOx subwoofer vibrate . How awesome is that ! If you want a great sounding boombox with rich and accurate sound with low distortion , this one 's for you . Good luck if you are shopping for a boombox that is right for you .
 This product works fine . It is a usable , friendly black cable with rca jacks on one end and a one eight inch stereo mini plug on the other .
 Sound quality is excellent for they price you pay . Main unit was deeper than anticipated though -- review the dimensions -- -LRB- rendering placement on certain shelves impossible -RRB- . The CD trays are thin and flimsy so it may not last many years . The remote control comes in very handy . USB audio capability a plus .
 It has enough wattage and is perfect for a small room , an apartment , condo or a townhouse without blowing out your neighbors next door . It has 5 cd drawers and the system will play MP3 's that has been recorded on CDs as well as the music CD 's you buy at a music store.Two reasons for purchasing this are
 POSITIVES :1 . Sound quality . Wow - for $ 130 , this has some kickin ' sound quality ! And with over 200 watts , it cranks loud enough for most folks .2 . Five disk CD changer is nice . One CD will play while you continue to load the rest -LRB- each loads seperately , not like those circular CD trays ... which to me is a plus . -RRB- 3 . The FM antenna , while just a little piece of wire , works really really well ! I used to have an actual funky looking antenna on my old stereo and could n't pick up anything . But this antenna picks up most of the stations around me - and I 'm about 40 miles away from Chicago , where most stations are located .4 . Has a timer feature - kind of nice if you like to fall asleep to music but do n't want to run the electricity all night long .5 . Super easy to get up and running - takes longer to get it out of the box than to hook it all together .6 . Child Lock on the CD trays ! Important to know if you have curious or mischevious kids ! ; - -RRB- NEGATIVES :1 . It 's basically a glorified `` boom box '' , in that it can NOT be hooked into your TV or other compenents . It hooks up to an antenna -LRB- included -RRB- and the speakers . It has a USB port to hook into a computer and can play MP3s . HOWEVER , there is an `` auxillary '' plug in the front , and if you have the correct plug -LRB- not included -RRB- , you can hook it up to a TV or digital audio player , game machine , etc. 2 . The speakers come with their own cheap , thin speaker wire ... permanently attached . So if you 're like me and throw that wire out and use your own , quality speaker wire , you wo n't be able to do that here . There 's no way to get the back of the speaker apart to install your own wire .3 . Some of the functions can only be performed from the remote , not the unit -LRB- bass/treble , clock setting , radio presets , etc. -RRB- Overall , I 'm very satisfied with our purchase . The reason I did n't give it 5 stars was mainly due to the speaker wire thing . That kind of annoyed me . But despite the cheap wire , it still rocks .
 I purchased this system for my parents . The system was delivered quickly . The unit was easy to put together . The sound is better than expected . The only I did n't like is the lack of a RCA jack input in the back of the system so I could run my parents DVD for sound .
 Due to down sizing we have replaced our large audio unit with this bookshelf system . We are very satistfied with the quality and the sound of this unitSue Erickson
 I read all the reviews on this unit , and THEY WERE RIGHT ! The unit picks up stations well , it has great sound , and the 5 CD player works impeccably . It is attractively designed , and very easy to set up . The only criticism -LRB- and I read this prior to my purchase -RRB- is the CD disc holders are rather flimsy , and if you constantly change CD discs , I agree they may be prone to breaking or not functioning . My solution was to put 5 CD 's in that I am not going to change -LRB- New Age music -RRB- . You can play all 5 in a row without having to mess with the machine -LRB- around 400 minutes -RRB- . All in all , this was my best purchase on Amazon.com -LRB- and I have bought a ton of stuff in the last few years -RRB- . It 's a great buy -LRB- a little expensive , but hell , nothing good is cheap -RRB- . Update
 I was looking for a mini system for my room , my idea was something neat with plenty power for 400 sq.ft . room . I decided to go for this JVC unit as I know they have a reputation for quality.I di n't regret in anyway , my neighbor about 200yds away can hear me blowing tunes with this mini system.JVC - Quality all the time .
 The trays might not be the most solid , but they do the job well enough . MP3 inputs , pretty good sound , good reception for weak AM stations even . This unit works very well as an home office stereo for me .
 This is a great basic wireless keyboard/mouse set . Works great for the price . It does not eat up batteries , regular batteries can last a good 3-4 months before you have to change them . The keyboard works right out of the box , you do n't have to install any software unless you want to use the special shortcut keys , but I recommend against installing included software , it is buggy and may mess up your USB drivers . The range on this is about 3 feet , I wish it was longer , but the usb receiver has long cord so you can position it at an optimal distance for your setup .
 My goal was to find a binocular that would do well at four things ; observing wildlife , hunting , astronomy and checking shots at the rifle range.Given that there are very specialized binoculars for each of these separate activities I knew there would have to be compromises somewhere . Hunting and astronomy would require light gathering capability , use at the range would require high power , hunting would require light weight and wildlife would require rapid focusing.The 8x50 Steiners are excellent for wildlife observation . I 've used them to watch deer and raptors and they 've provided clear views in bright light and at dusk . One evening I noticed some movement in a dark , almost silhouetted , tree and turned the binocular on it . Almost as clear as daylight viewing was a hawk being harassed by a couple of smaller birds . The rapid focus has made viewing flying birds much easier.These glasses are underpowered for use at the rifle range but that is something that I expected . I did n't want to go above 8x magnification in order to avoid shaking problems . Since I 'm not a competition shooter the lack of magnification here is not a big deal for me . I 've switched to Shoot-N-C targets and these glasses are good enough for me to know I 'm on paper with a reasonable grouping at 100 yds.I have only viewed the moon at night . Nice crisp image but not a substitute for a telescope . I 'm expecting these glasses to be more useful for meteor showers and perhaps viewing Andromeda from a dark location.These are the first high-priced binocular that I have ever bought . One thing that struck me right away was the stereoscopic image . Cheap binoculars that I have used previously had a very flat image , these make using binoculars much more fun .
 After taking an amateur astronomy course , I knew I had to upgrade my little old Nikon toys . Funbear 's review of the Steiner Commander V started me off . The diopter adjustment on that pair happened to break when rotated , a fluke quality flaw , or I probably would have stopped there . I tried and returned -LRB- thanks , Amazon ! -RRB- Pentax , Celeston and Leupold 10x50s and some from Garrett Optical . All were nice in some ways but not perfect , and many were very heavy . I kept thinking of how it felt to look through the Steiner optics and went back to the brand , ordering this style . They 're not specifically designed for astronomy , but they work well for that , too . The 8X magnification does n't look much different from 10x to me , and stars are much , much steadier . The roof prism is lighter than a porro prism and your hands are closer together , also reducing shake . They have amazing depth of field just like the first ones I tried . The wing style eye cups reduce ambient light and help me see better . These apparently have been discontinued . I 'm so glad I got mine . I reach for them every day and pay closer attention to the world around me -- a beautiful product .
 I read a lot of `` not working '' reviews so I was just betting on a chance that this would work and IT WORKED PERFECTLY !! Purpose
 For the ebookman ... to store your stories so you do n't lose them you will never be upset with these . For a digital camera they are a must . My dad 's deer camera uses the photo kind and he has lots of wonderful pictures stored on them . Each product has a different number and what can be stored on them . From Amazon to other sites on-line they offer lots of these for every product that uses them .
 Product arrived in expected time . The product although obsolete was just what I was looking for . It works as expected . I am pleased .
 Worked as advertised , made install easy and effective . I would recommend this for whatever vehicle you own if you are considering a diy project .
 This is my favorite external hard drive by far . Since it is bus-powered via FireWire it does n't require a power supply or one of those 2 headed USB cables . It is quiet and fast enough for backups . I use 2 of these to create clones of my MacBook Pro internal hard disk . This version of the drive powers down when the computer goes to sleep or you eject the disk -LRB- previous versions of the FireLite drive did not -RRB- . I highly recommend it .
 This hard drive is very compact and portable . I use it to backup my MacBook Pro . With the firewire the backup takes less than 2 minutes .
 This is an outstanding Hard drive . I was looking for something small and ` powered by firewire ' for my MacBook . Verbatim did an excellent job and I saved several bucks by buying it on Amazon instead of the Apple store .
 I have three of these drives , and I am very happy with them all . They are a nice size and sit in a little stack on my desk ready to go when I need one . Firewire is the way to go when moving large files . USB is just to slow.I bought this one to back up my MacBook , because I wanted something this small with its capacity , and I was happy with the other two smaller drives I already owned . I back up incrementally -LRB- I do n't put all my `` eggs in one basket '' -RRB- , so these drives are great for that . My 120 GB one is devoted to storing my iTunes libraries -LRB- too unwieldy for my desk top computer -RRB- , and my 80 GB one is for my pictures libraries and transferring files between my computers . Very handy , and they have been working great . I have backups of my backups on two larger , desktop external drives , but these little guys are the day-to-day workhorses and they have been working without a hitch for several months now .
 I 've lost files because of drive failures before , and have wondered how much I am willing to lose next time . I chose the 160GB drive because the other Smartdisks I 've purchased have been reliable , and the FireWire has made them fast . Very pleased with this purchased .
 Its good , big enough . The only thing you should know is that the zipper is grey and there is some grey fabric at the top that you cant see in the pic .
 Not the best sleeve but definetely the best sleeve for $ 5 bucks . i mean seriously , $ 5 . It is padded all over even around the edges and the zipper area . Reading the other reviews I was expecting a piece of junk but it 's actually not bad at all.The handle -LRB- padded too -RRB- is priceless because I hate carrying my laptop under my arm , too risky.It is slightly different from the picture
 Thanks to the simple , no conflict operation of these Serial ATA PCI Controllers , I now run 10 , 500 GB hard drives in my server , with all exhibiting excellent performance and no problems to date . I would recommend these to anyone requiring RAID configurations or massive storage needs . Kudos !
 Installed the card in a home-built Freenas box , then tried to find an update to the on-board firmware at Silicon Graphics - Could n't find one that worked in Windows or DOS . None of the choices from the text menus seemed to match the actual board type . Pressed on despite the lack of update , and Freenas recognized the drives just fine . I setup a software Z-Raid array of 4 drives with no problems . -LRB- To avoid the usual problems with software Raid arrays , my boot drive was a more reliable CF IDE drive -RRB- . The card has worked with no problems for the past month - I have fiddled with my array a few times and even rebuilt the array once as an experiment to see what a future disk failure would look like . As long as you are aware of the disk-size limitations , this is a VERY affordable raid card for old Sata Drives under 500GB .
 As described this product does the job . If you are going to install windows home server on the drives connected with this raid card you will need to dig around for alternative drivers because the drivers that come with it do not work . Works perfectly with Linux -LRB- Ubuntu Server , Freenas , etc. -RRB- Speed is probably going to be limited by your PCI bus . Had no complaints with speed with disks arranged w / RAID or w/o RAID . If you putting this in headless unit detecting RAID failure will be extremely difficult .
 I DID RECIEVE MY ITEM ON TIME AND WAS IN EXCELLENT CONDITION THANK YOU VERY MUCH
 This receiver lets you see different channels in two separate TVs and does ` nt costmore with the provider -LRB- in this case DishNetwork -RRB- -LRB- $ 5.00 if you ar ` nt connected tothe phone -RRB- the second TV can be in a separate room and you control the receiver fromthere without interfering with the other TV program
 Great Reception , but on the T.V. 2 output is mono . . not STEREO . . but on the product description it says it
 it took a little time to understand how it works with second tv but works great .
 I purchased this item over a year ago , still works great ! Made my old PC a ton faster.just wish the odl ram wasnt so expensive . but compared to others , this was the cheapest
 Memory modules arrived by postal mail in a very timely manner . Modules fit the computer they were purchased for .
 I use these in the workplace for workstation connections and patch cables at the switch . They work well , plug in & unplug easily and seem fairly durable . We never re-use cables once used , so this has been an economical solution that performs .
 The DXG-505V is an inexpensive , value-packed multi-function device that tries to do everything , but is spread a bit thin in terms of practicality . As a camera , its pictures are mega-sharp although it 's surprising to experience internal mechanical focusing noise -LRB- and such short battery life -RRB- on a solid-state camcorder that has no moving parts . DXG should have really bundled in the optional NP-60 Li-Ion rechargeable battery -LRB- found online for under $ 11 -RRB- and a 2GB SD card -LRB- about $ 25 -RRB- and raised the price accordingly , because you WILL be buying these items.As far as features go , let 's run down the list :1 -RRB- Pictures . Quite good ! Very basic lens , but sharp with decent color , 5.1 MP resolution , auto-focus , & flickery electronic flash .2 -RRB- Camcorder . Grainy , even in HQ -LRB- 640x480 -RRB- mode , with rather low color resolution . Spend $ 25 and get yourself a 2GB SD card . Have n't tried the Direct Printing support , but it 's in there .3 -RRB- FM radio & MP3 . These work , barely . Clumsy and primitive .4 -RRB- Webcam . Yep , this works . You can capture pics or movies with it in Pinnacle Studio or Vegas . Bonus for also being able to record and playback via NTSC .5 -RRB- Flash drive . Works just like any other , very easy to get your files in and out of the camera .6 -RRB- Audio recorder . Primitive . Sound is fixed at 12KHz mono , and record levels are not adjustable.So , you get the idea . The LCD rotatable LCD display is excellent , and the firmware is very well done for the most part - so as long as you keep your expectations modest , it 's a very fun device but strictly for kids and hobbyists .
 That 's the way , that 's the way ' uh hu ' uh hu I like it uh hu uh - Tony Hawk
 Check with the documentation that came with your computer , but on my Dell Dimension 8200 , I have RDRAM and it states `` a RDRAM requirement is that memory modules MUST be installed in pairs of matched memory size '' . Purchasing only one will not work . You most likely have 4 available slots , and you can either use 2 , or all 4 slots .
 I got one of these recently from here at Amazon and it makes managing an Pod in a vehicle easier.Not only an iPod , bit it will accept a cell phone , a blackberry , a MD player and most pocket electronics . What 's handy about it is the settable padded jaws that lock a device in their grasps without scratching . Also the flexible shaft is tight , yet easily adjustable.The suction cup base is inadaquate for most vehicle surfaces except a windshield . The suction cup locking lever breaks off easily :-LRB- Yet if you are clever like I , you can fabricate a mounting plate of your own and use mini screws on that base to permanently attach the unit to a convenient spot in your vehicle .
 I really like that this mount clips to the vent right next to the steering wheel . I have a skin and a case on my iPod with a clip on the back , making it difficult to fit in most holders . This one holds it fine - just have to be careful putting the iPod in , or it slides out . It also allows you to charge the iPod while in the holder , which is nice . I have n't used the arm , so I ca n't comment on how well that works . All in all , I was glad to get a holder I could use without removing my iPod from its case .
 The speaker works great ... after about a month break in . After that I have absolutely no complaints . Great 2 way in one box
 I 've bought this board for many reasons , the first of them was 4 ddr2 800 slots , the second one was the pcie 16x port , 3 PCI -LRB- one of them in orange optimized for comunication cards -RRB- , sata2 , and 7.1 integrated audio card and 10 usb ports ... the only lack of this board is a firewire port ! runs perfect with the rest of my components an AMD64 X2 4400 + 2GB OCZ PC6400 HD seagate sata2 160GB , DVD-RW and a eVGA 7600GT card ! -LRB- be carefull ... this board NOT COMES with integrated video card ! -RRB- Other good thing was that the board comes with bios revision 3.0 and recognize all hardware without errors in dual boot with XP SP2 and vista U x86 , but just to be sure I 've flashed to bios revision 3.3 without and trouble ! -LRB- using MSI live update -RRB- , also MSI includes 2 cd drivers with xp and vista support , great !
 Great product . Solid performance . No issues at all . Paired with AM2 A64 X2 4800 + and 6000 + and 2GB OCZ Platinum R2 800Mhz RAM flawlessly . Front panel connector configuration is INTEL compliant so be aware . Old standard front panel sound configuration also supported although I could not get it to work -LRB- any ideas are welcome -RRB- . Nevertheless , it 's the best integrated sound I 've come across . Great high definition sound ! GigaLAN , SATA2 and 4 DDR2 slots are a plus too .
 These things still are n't obsolete anymore . Our company has n't made the switch to Vista , despite PC manufacturers pretty much dropping XP offerings at this point . I recently received a new laptop pre-loaded with Vista . The mass-storage drivers were designed for Vista and XP had no idea what they were . Enter the TEAC USB floppy drive . Unlike a USB thumb drive , the USB floppy is `` seen '' within XP setup as a normal floppy drive -LRB- therefore I was able to load drivers from there -RRB- . The item was a great price , and was shipped very quickly . We 've used the unit on more than one occasion since then to retrieve data from the never-say-die floppies .
 This external drive is a real lifesaver in permitting me to access 3-1/2 '' disks . My new computer did not have a floppy drive but now I can maintain or transfer all of my old files .
 I received my floppy and plugged it in and viola ' , it worked like easy peasy.Also the merchant was excellent
 For me , and I read it in other places , TEAC seems to be to only usb floppy that continues to work when loading an Operating system on a laptop with sata hard drive . I was using a Sony usb floppy and every time I got to the second sata driver on the floppy the Sony failed to be `` seen '' by the laptop and my install would come to a screeching halt . After I purchased the TEAC I was able to complete the install thru both sata drivers on the floppy .
 I have a lot of pictures on the old 31/2 '' floppy disks that I needed to go back and retrieve . Having upgraded my computer and camera years ago , I had no way of accessing those old pictures and was thrilled to find this external 31/2 '' floppy drive . Though I have n't used it at length , I did test it out and easily accessed a few of my disks.Thanks for offering it . It is well worth the money .
 This is a very good product - the price is great and you can plug it in and out as needed !
 I have a camera that uses floppy discs to record pictures . Our new computer does n't have a floppy disc drive . This little disc drive seems to work really good . It downloads my pictures really well .
 This floppy drive does exactly what I bought it for , loading SATA hard drive drivers during the install of Windows XP . The drivers were loaded and the install of Windows XP completed with the hard drive working properly as a SATA drive and not an IDE drive .
 This external floppy drive is a MUST for the EM630 Typewriter !! It simply plugs into your computer via a USB cable thats hard-wired right to the disk drive . Simply type on your computer -LRB- including formatting -RRB- what you want the typewriter to type for you , then take the disk out of the drive and put it in the typewriter , and you 're good to go ! Fast ship , good communication on shipping status , etc. . A GREAT little product for the price - is also perfect for those that still use 3.5 '' floppy disks for other things ! A + + +
 I bought this because the only working floppy drive in my house was the one in the computer I was trying to repair.I was able to read , write , and format floppy disks in Windows XP Pro -LRB- 32 bit -RRB- and Windows Vista Ultimate -LRB- 64 bit -RRB- environments . No driver installation was necessary.I have not attempted to use this drive for SATA driver F6 disks during Windows installation , although I strongly suspect that it would work.I was able to use this USB floppy drive as a boot device by setting my BIOS to boot to floppy . No fuss . Much more than I expected from the drive .
 This drive is really good . It 's cheap and reliable . If you 're looking for a simple drive , there 's no need to spend a fortune . This one did the trick !
 The Goat 's anatomy
 What more can be said . It 's a floppy drive and it works well . I had to load drivers for a RAID install on a server that insisted on coming from a TEAC floppy . It did it 's job and now sits in a drawer waiting for the next hardware failure .
 I 've used this a few times , and overall it 's very good . Too good sometimes , in fact , that it is so bright it can overpower and wash out your photos if you do n't get it set right . It was a little tricky getting the flash set up to coordinate with my Canon 650IS , but follow the instructions , and you 'll be fine .
 Works Nicely ! There are a few cheaper alternatives but Sony is a good brand and I think it 's worth the price . Convenient to use and ideal for business meetings and maybe useful for lectures as it has Omni-directional Electret Condensor Stereo Microphone for high quality recording . Enhances voice recording by reducing extraneous noises . Comes with rotary holder clip for easy attach on cloth .
 Works Nicely ! There are a few cheaper alternatives but Sony is a good brand and I think it 's worth the price . Convenient to use and ideal for business meetings and maybe useful for lectures as it has Omni-directional Electret Condensor Stereo Microphone for high quality recording . Enhances voice recording by reducing extraneous noises . Comes with rotary holder clip for easy attach on cloth .
 Hard-to-find memory for old laser printer was exactly as represented and delivered very quickly . Excellent experience all-around .
 This item works as promised . I can easily transfer data to the phone from the computer and also charge at the same time . The retractable works well and is can be stored very compactly.The best part is the customer service of the company Gomadic . I bought my cable about a year ago and recently it the connection started becoming flaky due to a bad connection . I e-mailed customer support and they promptly sent me a replacement part without hassle . Call me impressed .
 The hookup was easy and straight forward . ANd the sound quality is fabulous . It takes a little bit to learn how to use all the features , but once you do it 's easy to get just the sound you want.The 5.1 sound is great even without 5.1 input.A great replacement for a 30 year old Yamaha that has served me very well .
 This is the my first `` High End '' receiver that I purchased . It was available via Amazon for almost half the cost as at local stores . I am totally satisfied with this receiver and am considering buying one -LRB- 5.1 -RRB- for my finished basement.The microphone setup -LRB- YPAO -RRB- for the surround sound speakers was easy and perfect the first time . The user can fine tune all settings as well.I find the 7 speaker stereo channel to be excellent for any CD or DVD that does not have 5.1 . The other DSP are also excellent and can make movies sound realistic.A great buy with no compromises .
 Unlike computers that use DIMM modules , RIMMs are not compatible solely based on their speed -LRB- a PC800 DIMM will work in just about any computer that requires PC800 , but a PC800 RIMM will only work in machines that have a specific CPU speed range . -RRB- You have to also know the refresh speed in nanoseconds -LRB- which is not listed on the main product page . -RRB- Find out what you need for your CPU and then check with the seller to see if they are selling a PC800-45ns or PC800-40ns RIMM .
 Product performed very well !! Will order again ... Amazon is my favorite place to shop and has been for years ... Keep up the excellent work ...
 Finding the correct memory at a reasonable price was not easy . This vendor and product exceeded my expectations . My computer works as well as a needs model without the newer systems and costs .
 FOR GENERAL USE LENSES , THERE IS A WIDE RANGE OF OFFERINGS FROM SEVERAL LENS MAKERS THAT OPERATE ON NIKON CAMERA BODIES . IN MY EXPERIENCE ASA PROFESSIONAL PHOTOGRAPHER AND CAMERA STORE OWNER TESTING AND USING AND SELLING OPTICS , I HAVE NOT FOUND A BETTER 70-300mm FOR THE PRICE OR EVENFOR DOUBLE THE PRICE ! IT DOES NOT HAVE IMAGE STABILIZATION , HOWEVER . I ` MA STRONG ADVOVATE OF DEPLOYING A TRIPOD WHENEVER MAKING PICTURES , MOSTCERTAINLY WITH LONGER LENSES . AT MEDIAN APERATURES -LRB- f8 OR f11 -RRB- THIS LENS DELIVERED IMAGES THAT WERE PRETTY SHARP - SHARP ENOUGH TO PRODUCE FINE 11x14 AND 16x20 PRINTS . THE LENS CONTRAST AND COLOR QUALITIES OF THE LENS ARE QUITE SATISFACTORY TOO . A LONG TIME AGO , IT USED TO BE MY HABIT TOMAKE OPTICAL TESTS USING AIR FORCE RESOLUTION CHARTS . THIS METHOD MAY GETVERY TIME-CONSUMING . IT IS REALLY SUFFICIENT TO MAKE LENS TESTS BY MERELYTAKING PICTURES UNDER IDEAL CONDITIONS -LRB- GOOD LIGHT , FILM , LAB PROCESSING , AND A ROCK-STEADY CAMERA . -RRB- THE PROOF IS IN THE PUDDING , AS THE OLD PROPLESAY . FOR MACRO WORK , THIS LENS IS ADMITTEDLY NOT THE VERY BEST , BUT THEN `` YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR '' COMES INTO PLAY . THIS IS NOT TO SAY THAT ITCA N'T MAKE PRETTY GOOD MACRO SHOTS . HOWEVER , FOR THE SERIOUS MACRO PHOTOGRAPHER , A SPECIAL PURPOSE MACRO LENS OF A FIXED LENGTH , SUCH AS THESIGMA 105mm/2 .8 MACRO LENS WILL GIVE THE MOST PLEASING RESULTS.GENERALLY , THIS 70-300 IS WELL WORTH THE PRICE . FINDING A USED ONE OFTHESE LENSES MAY BE A LITTLE HARD , I SEE . ONE MUST ALSO MAKE SURE THATUSED LENSES MAY BE RETURNED IF THEY DO NOT PLEASE.ROBERT CASELNOVA , CAS PHOTO STUDIO & CAMERA SHOP , BROOKFIELD , CONNECTICUT .
 I believe this a great card.I have a Compaq Presario and it runs Unreal Tounament better than my uncle 's 733 mhz . computer with a 3d prophet II 32 mb . 3d card !
 At first I was a bit concerned when I purchased this card . I usually research a product extensively before I buy . But seeing that true GeForce 2 technology was being offered at a very reasonable price I decided to take a chance ... I 'm very glad I did.I 'm running on a machine that was cutting edge nearly two years ago . Investing in one of the budget busting GeForce 2 GTS cards seemed like a waste without a newer faster CPU . Buying a new high-end 3D card AND a new computer seemed excessive just to play some of the new , high-requirement 3D games.While definately a no-frills card ; the included games are only playable demos and there is no TV out . The card was easy to install and has a very competent and easy to use control panel . For those who like to push their machine a bit harder there is software controlled over-clocking for both the card 's main Graphics Processing Unit and on-board memory . Direct3D and OpenGL are both supported . This for less than half the price of it 's highend big brothers.I 've been impressed when playing such 3D intensive games as Homeworld : Cataclysm running at 1000x700 resolution with * all * 3D effects on.If you 're a * hardcore * gamer with the fastest CPU on the block and the deep pockets to keep your investment constantly current enjoy the GeForce 2 GTS cards . For the rest of us the Prophet II MX is a great choice .
 When a friend of mine asked me to help him install thisgraphics card on his computer and found out -LSB- what he paid for it -RSB- I thought ... ok why not ... but then when we played a quick game of Quake 3 , and Unreal Tournament , I was amazed by the speed and quality of the crisp graphics . I was really impressed to find out it was GeForce 2 technology , especially for the price . I immediately went out after that and bought this card and am so glad that I did . I had no problems installing this card on my Pentium 3 , 450 MHZ computer w / Windows ME . I had no problems installing the drivers and would recommend to anyone who buys this card to go to the Hercules website and download the newer drivers . Unreal Tournament , and Quake 3 both look great on this card . The resolutions even looked great at 1000x700 resolution with all of the 3D effects on . While it does n't have TV out or even a bundle of games with it this card supports Direct 3D and Open GL If you have a computer that is over a year old and are looking to upgrade graphics card this is the one for you . If you 're on a budget and want to upgrade your graphics card this card is also for you .
 This card is the best bang for the buck . The Geforce2 MX is based on the core of the Geforce2 GTS . The only major difference is that it only has two rendering pipelines versus the four in the GTS and the original Geforce for that matter . But the Geforce2 MX is pretty much as strong of a performer as the original Geforce video cards . Furthermore , with only two rendering pipelines it only consumes half the power of the GeForce2 GTS and one-fourth the power of the original GeForce . That can be quite good for someone who has a lot of peripherals on his or her computer or just has a low power supply . A word of note
 I bought this card in March 2001 a month after I built my own low-end Celeron 700 system . I had an Intel 815e motherboard with built-in video but did not like the performance in 3D games . This card is very easy to install , geforce chip guarantees latest drivers from either Hercules or nvidia , and it 's been very reliable . I had no trouble with it at all , which I can not say about the card I tried first -LRB- Voodoo 2000 crashed my system every other day -RRB- . You will not find any noticable difference between this and other geforce 2 MX cards , so shop by price , not name . I strongly recommend geforce card over ATI or voodoo simply because of its set of features , performance , reliability , driver support and price . You can not go wrong with it and you 'll love FSAA feature if you play flight sim games -LRB- though it slows performance , so experiment for the best compromise -RRB- .
 Ok , i own an athlon 550mhz on a biostar , via chipset mobo , i bought this to upgrade a voodoo 3000 , i 'd really took the time to research everything about problems with my mobo and my new video card , i found out a quite big issue with the kx133 chipset and the geforce 2mx , so here is the thing , install the original drivers of your mother board and then download the 4in1 4.25 drivers from via , it will make the diference for you , from locking games to wonderfull unseen performance graphics you will never believe !! so be confident geforce 2mx is better than anything in the market under ...
 I had n't upgraded my computer 's video cards in a long time . When I could n't run most demos available , I realizeed it was the time to get new cards . I bought the Hercules Prophet II simply because it received a couple of great reviews from my favorite gaming sites . However , I first ran across a problem when I installed the card in my Windows 2000 , even with the updated drivers . It would freeze my entire system . However , once I installed it in Windows ME , Homeworld Cataclysm and Vampire the Masquerade , worked great . However , since it is only running on 2 texture pipelines , I do see the dreaded jaggies if I look hard enough in the game but it plays the movies great but as expected there is a slowdown in higher resolutions . Under 2D work , it really provides a crisp work space . Hercules/Guillemot and Nvidia together certainly make an excellent product together .
 I just purchased this card for a new system I built . This card wa ssimple to install , simple to update the drivers and runs sooo smooth on quake 3 . I tested out the geforce 2 GTS and I see practically no difference on the card at all . I upgraded my whole system so it was easy to compare the cards without to much of a difference in testing enviroment i have . . amd tbird 1.2 ghz processor 256mg pc-133 ram running res . 1024x768tested it with tnt2 geforce 2 MX geforce 2 gts ati rage fury pro 32mbthe geforces of course were heads above competitior but between the 2 I noticed little difference!this care is well worth the value and well worth the money spent !
 This card rocks , you ca n't beat it for the money . It 's fast , images are crisp and it will handle about whatever you can throw at it ! I strongly recomend it .
 This is a great product . I was able to connect my Ipod to my stereo . The sound is clear and I love the fact that I can now control the volume with the remote to the stereo . I would definitely recommend it .
 I was impressed with this little bag . Good quality , looks great and perfect for small cameras and accessories . It fits my JVC Everio digital camcoder perfect . For the price , it is a great purchase !
 I purchased this for my mini camcorder and it just fits . However there is n't too much additional room for anything else , just a couple of extra tapes . Double check the size to make sure it 's big enough for what you need to carry before purchasing . `` Ultra-compact '' means just that .
 Best part it is cisco!Worst part is
 fits kinda tight into cig lighter , but works well once it 's in there . I like the fact that it swivles to an angle , that 's a nice feature in a tight spot .
 The neutrik combo jack was exactly what I needed for my recording setup . I would have given it 5 stars if it came with screws & instructions . Thank goodness for youtube , I had to get a little creative but besides that , I got it all connected . Looks great & it works fine .
 Great space saver XLR-TRS combo jack . Used in custom patch panel to save space when I only needed XLR or Phono and not both as inputs for the same channel . Recessed design fit the look of other Neutrik XLR-F connectors in the panel for a truly classy appearance .
 I own a Toshiba Satellite laptop , model 1800-204 . This is my long , proven friend . I took it as my PC for postgraduate studies . But it needed more juice.I thought about buying this piece of hardware to expand its RAM capabilities . Before installing the memory card , I would suffer from computer freezing , lagging processes , etcetera . I had consulted a couple web pages , including the original manufactures ' and was saddened by the price of the extra memory module . Then , I conducted an AMAZOM search , `` just of the heck of it , '' and to my surprise found the piece several dollars cheaper.I placed my order , worried whether it would harm my computer , if it would work , and if it would require technical assistance to install it . I finally got it . I read the instructions several times and got a fine screw driver for the task . The placing was n't any laborious , and I felt my heart leaped a beat when the memory made a clicking noise . Boy , either it broke , or snapped smartly!I screwed everything in place , and turned on my laptop . It was as if this was n't my PC ! Everything loaded faster , much faster ! I installed Linux side by side with Windows and nothing wrong has ever happened . No BLUE SCREENS on freezing , no frills.Perfection Achieved !
 This charger is worth every penny . It Charges my Archos 604 Wifi in about 2 and a half hour . It also will let you watch or use your player while plugged in without the player turning off from low battery.I recommend this for all.P.S . Shipping was very fast !! I got it on the 2nd business day !
 Didn ; t get this yet since I jsut ordered , but great support and they told me they now have a special adaptor that will work with the Archos 605 unit .
 This product is amazing . I no longer need to plug my Archos 604 into my computer to charge it . It actually takes half the time to fully charge my Archos from the wall charger then from my computer . AMAZING
 I ca n't say enough about how easy this camera is to use , the quality of photos or the small size . Before I bought my Kyocera Finecam , I shopped for weeks , looking in all the electronic stores for the best camera , at the best price . Either the camera was too large , or the LCD screen was too small . I was reading one of my computer magazines and they were advertising the Kyocera . I had never heard of it before and decided to look at their web site . After reading about it , I was sold . After using it for over one year , my pleasure has increased ten fold . I especially like the large 2.5 inch LCD screen on the rear of the camera . It is even clearer on a bright sunny day than my friends ' cameras . After showing it to three of my friends , they bought one and are happy with it . I do n't see how anyone could not be happy with the camera .
 I bought this fan to replace an older Antec fan that became noisy . Replacing this fan was not easy for me because this fan does not come with silicone grommets . My original fan was installed that way , and it 's in an Antec case . Zalman includes the grommets even with their $ 8 fans . Reusing the old grommets was not easy because they are not designed for that . The fan came with mounting screws , but they did not fit the holes in my case where the grommets were.As for the fan itself , it 's quiet and works well . The temperature causes the fan 's speed to vary , and the fan seems to be doing exactly what it 's supposed to do . The package shows a chart with examples of speed , air flow , noise , etc. at various temperatures . When I installed it , my case had been open . The fan started out at about 1100 RPM , which would be appropriate for a temperature of somewhere between 25 and 30 degrees C. I used software to monitor the fan speed as well as temperatures such as my motherboard 's . I ca n't tell the exact temperature of the air flowing , but when the motherboard got to 35 C , the fan was hovering between 1310-1312 . The package says it should be at 1310 when the air is 35 C . The air flow is 46 CFM at that speed.My computer has four HDDs with an internal Zalman fan blowing air away from them , toward the back of the case . I 'm using this Antec as the rear exhaust fan , and the only case exhaust fan , unless you count the power supply fan . Air passes through my HDDs , out an internal fan , past the motherboard area , and out the back . I tried some tasks with heavier HDD activity , and the fan sped up , but not by a lot . At the same time , my motherboard temperature dropped.The fan has n't needed to go past 1350 so far , despite two older HDDs that are less efficient than current ones . So there 's plenty of air flow without speeding up enough to be noisy.Somebody commented that the fan seems to be staying around the same speed . It should . If it tries to keep the air at a constant temperature , it would speed up to do so . But that would keep the temperature where it should be , so the fan should slow down . It 's normal to see the speed increase by a few RPM , drop by a few RPM , and continue doing so within a relatively limited range . The range may increase as necessary , but with a fan that can replace all the air in your computer in about a second when at top speed , it should have no need to ever get there .
 I bought this fan for my heatsink -LRB- Thermalright Ultra 120 Extreme -RRB- . I hear a little noise coming from my case , but I know that some of that noise is due to the one 80mm fan that 's mounted to the top of the case . For this fan , I 'd most likely have to open up the case and listen to find out if its contributing to whatever , little noise I hear -LRB- could be the sound of the air going through the fins of the heatsink -RRB- . Either way , my PC remains rather quiet in a room that is pretty much dead silent most of the time .
 Unlike traditional fans where the speed is set manually , these fans automatically adjust the speeds as the system temperature changes . The fans are quiet but there should still be a setting to adjust temperature sensitivity . My system temperature is around 55 degrees Celsius whereas before it was a couple of degrees cooler .
 excellent air mover for this size . Used for cooling entertainment center electronic components , including 46 '' Sony Bravia TV , Yamaha YSP4000 surround sound bar , lighting , and dvd player.I had to also purchase an adapter to make the unit run on 120V ac power -LRB- regular outlet -RRB- but it works as described . There are 2 negatives to consider if purchasing for AV equipment :1 -RRB- The humming of the fan blades is loud when listening to the TV at any average volume level . Though I searched for and found only this unit is quieter than most - wow , what do the other fans sound like ?! 2 -RRB- The temperature gage is useless since the unit is made to turn on around 70 degrees . It did n't occur to me until after I installed it that I keep the room temperature anywhere from 70-74F in the winter , and 78-82F in the summer !
 what can i say ? it 's a fan . it 's quiet . it has n't failed yet . wtg antec !
 I bought two of these to replace the smaller volume fans in my gaming machine . They were easy to install and push a heckuva lot more to keep the machine cool . I have a temperature control panel on the front of my machine that measures a few different temps in the box -LRB- CPU , case , etc -RRB- and I saw a marked decrease in the temperature by at least a few degrees celsius -LRB- in the order of 4-5 -RRB- . They are a little loud when going full bore ... but compared to other temperature controlled fans I have , they are still much quieter .
 This is the first PDA I have owned and am glade I waited . The ASUS 730 far exceeded my expectations . I think it 's easyer to use then my laptop and a lot more fun . The ASUS 730 is loaded with all kinds of useful programs.It was very easy to learn how to use , I was concerned before I bought it that it would take me a year to figure out how to use all of the options that it comes with , but I have a good feel for it and how it works in less then a week . The initial down loading from my computer to the 730 was sweet ! effortless and fast . All my contacts , tasks , calander appointments and outlook information was uploaded to my 730 . The continuous updating between the two when the ASUS is in it 's cradle is automatic and instint . Everything I do on one is updated on the other one automaticly , no double entering information.The software that comes with it is very easy to use . The only thing I did n't like was the bonus software that was worth what I paid for it -LRB- nothing -RRB- . I still ca n't get over how easy it is to use and how useful it has been . It is a little pricey but it has been well worth the investment . I am glad I read Consumer Reports before I bought , they were right agian!I would have to agree with the other reviewer , I to found it confusing the way Amazon had it listed . I thought it was the 730W the way they had it listed at first , but realized it was n't after taking a closer look .
 This is a must have if traveling with a 12V Thermoelectric Cooler , or any 12 volt appliance that you will need when out of your vehicle . That could be for a overnight motel stay or for an extended stay without a direct 12V power source . All you need is a 110 volt wall outlet.This converter is compatible with B&D ; cooler 's , but will also work well with most other coolers and 12V appliances provided they do n't have over a 6 amp power draw , '' Most are under 6 amp '' . This works well for pre cooling your cooler before putting it in your vehicle . It also has a green LED light to let you know it is on.The Converter will get quite warm when in use this is normal , all converters do it . When you buy a converter make sure it is 6 Amp , much less than that probably wo n't work on some larger appliances.I have used this converter for quite a few years now with myBlack & Decker TC212B Travel Cooler & Warmerand myKoolatron Voyager Thermoelectric Cooler - P-27which I also have with no problems whatsoever in all that time . After you hopefully give me a thumbs up on this review , check out my reviews on the two coolers listed here . Thanx .
 This product was just what I needed to power my Grip On Electric Scissor Jack -LRB- which I also bought on Amazon -RRB- from a 120V outlet . Since the jack did n't come with amperage specs I had to guess and I tried several other AC/DC converters that were not powerful enough . This 6.0 AMP device seems to do the job .
 The converter worked out of the box . Other reviewers had early life failures , so I wanted to make sure it worked before taking it on a trip . It ran 24 hours for a couple of days - no problem . It appears to be a winner .
 We travel a lot and use our Travel Mate cooler all the time . When the adapter died we really had to scramble to find another . This unit is exactly what we needed to get back into our travel mode .
 This product does the job it says . It has a good length cable , and the black converter box is capable of delivering enough power to switch on my car vacuum . a handy converter to charge or operate devices which have 12 V cigaretter lighter input . i can charge my GPS garmin nuvi 760 as well with this .
 Powers my B&D ; 12v DC Car Vac without hesitation ! I was very leary about buying an AC/DC 5 amp converter due to the many negative reviews about various makes being underpowered ! Glad I found this product and the price is right . Again , it works great and I highly recomend it to anyone who needs that extra umph!Haven ' t found it in any major stores in my area , eg . Lowes , Home Depot , etc. . Ca n't be found on the Black & Decker , Rubbermaid , Radio Shack or Vector Products web sites !
 We used this for the first time this past week while on a road trip with our plug in cooler for the car . Since the company -LRB- Coleman -RRB- we bought the cooler from does not even have the converter available on its web site -LRB- even though it is listed in its instruction book as an option -RRB- , I had to look for an alternative - and this fit the bill and we took the cooler from the car to the hotel room without missing a beat This converter will pay for itself with what we save in purchasing ice , food and beverages while traveling ... and can keep medicine cool also . It can also be used for other items that have a car plug for power such as our dockable satellite radio , various chargers , and stuff like that .
 We used this product with our thermoelectric cooler nonstop for a week during our vacation . It performed great and never overheated . We used standard shipping and it arrived in less than 5 days .
 The Travel Mate Converter is one item that each person who has an RV should keep with them at all times . We have used ours severa times on the last trip.Yoe can use any 12volt applance by wsing 110volt AC .
 I always wanted an adapter like that . My main usage is keeping my coffee piping hot in the office . I have a plug in hot-mug for my car . Now I can enjoy the same in the office .
 This might be a very good unit , however I needed a 8.0 Amp Converter . Perhaps I 'll find another use for it .
 A good product and is all I expected it to be.David A.
 Excellent results -- got what I expected , and on time . The Travel Mate AC/DC Converter solved my problem at about half the best price I had seen .
 I take this with me on Motorcycle trips and &#34; top off &#34; all my accessories like GPS , etc. at night when I stop . This way , I am assured that every accessory has a full battery charge to start the next day . Also handy to use inside when accessories are off the bike to test , program , or familiarize myself with the operation of accessories without drawing the batteries down .
 Although power is limited It easily runs the cooler -LRB- micro refrigerator -RRB- in motel rooms overnight and powers/charges anything that you might put into your car 's cigar lighter when you do n't have your car in the room with you .
 It works as promised and arrived also as promised.Black & Decker / Vector Travel Mate 6.0 Amp AC/DC Converter
 After I did not receive my converter the first time and it got sent back . These folks called me back for another address they could send it to to make sure I got it , free of charge . Sending it twice cost them a lot more , but it was great customer service and I thank them . Have n't had the converter long but it seems to be working as advertised , ca n't say the same for the batter saver ...
 Have been using this several times per week for 4-6 hours to run a pump . 3-4 amps . It has also been used for 1 week straight 24/7 . No issues still going strong .
 Have two coolers for camping and use these regularly ... very handy cooling the units down the day prior . No issues -LRB- read many having overheating and short-life issues -RRB- ... BUY THESE
 Although a little on the bulky side this travel converter works fine . It does get a little toasty once it has been running for a while but nothing to be concerned about . All-in-all , a decent unit .
 Exactly what I needed . Allows me to use , set up , and learn 12 volt items for both auto and boat at home . Very useful .
 Just what we were looking for . Small , but powerful enough for our needs . Light and small for hiking or concerts.Good purchase .
 I bought these as a step up replacement from the Monarch 8X42 ATB 's . My wife decided she wanted the old ones which left me with the opportunity to get a new pair . After some debate about going to 10X I settled on these . They are brighter and than the 42 's and just a notch more magnification . Size and weight is bigger but still not so much they get heavy for short periods as I use they for birding . They came with front and back covers and appear to be as rugged as the original pair which routinely road in the console box of the car . I have had them for almost a month now and well pleased with my decision to buy them . I rate a excellent value as I think I would have to spend considerable more to do better.Nikon 8.5 x56 Monarch ATB Binoculars 7517
 Outstanding performance at a price far below the big names . They 're a bit heavy but you must expect that with 56mm lenses .
 I have pulled the plug on the all HDMI all digital 7.1 surround and built a new system around the Mcintosh MC 452 , 2 channels using analog only , the preamp is Mcintosh C50 , music server is Mcintosh MS750 and the SACD is the MCD301 , speakers Mcintosh XLS360 , sub woofer Mcintosh XLS 112 , most of the connectors are mid range Nordost except the analog out from my Sony 55 inch LCD , which I am not certain how much I could expect from it , therefore , I search amazon and the AudioQuest Copperhead 3 m came in , the prize is just about what I would spend on the analog audio source coming from the TV , not really expecting anything audiophile from it . When I turn on the system my jaw was just dropped , I tested BD Music disc Christ Botii , live in Boston with Boston pop , Andrea Bocelli , live in Tuscany -LRB- or something ? -RRB- , Celine Dione , a new day in Las Vegas , Michael Bluble , Live at the Wliltern theater , LA. . OMG , I listened over and over , me and my wife we just sat there and whispering , `` better than life '' . My son came over he was just saying what happened to the center channel , wow what happen to the rest of the side and rear speakers , the sound is so clear , tight , sound stage is there , the artist , instruments and musicians were located on the sound stage and match exactly what we see on the screen . I am very happy with the product , although there are better and much more expensive cable out there . However , the return of your investment beyond this cable would not , probably , be justified .
 Get all videos in your iPod to any tv anywhere , also music to any sound system
 The Binocular was a great choise , I could not believe a clear and crisp I was seen the scenery thru those binoculars . I can not compare it to my binoculars I owned before , also I would notchange the Nikon binocular . I just love them .
 We purchased this skillet about a month ago and it performs very well . The temperature control works well , the skillet heats evenly and the skillet is completely submursable for easy cleaning . The non-stick surface works great . For this , it actually gets 5 stars . Four stars are awarded due to the 11 inch size . That makes it a bit small but the various 12 inch sizes available have not received good reviews and a 16 inch was too large for our use . This , however , is a keeper . It 's also a great size for travel .
 This is my third Presto 11 inch skillet in about 20 years -LRB- the non-stick coating does eventually wear off -RRB- . Never had a problem with any of them - they heat evenly and clean easily . The legs will loosen over time but is just a matter of re-tightening with a screwdriver . Have tried competing brands but have n't been impressed - even had one where the glass top shattered during cooking ! That 's why I keep coming back to what works . Hope they are still around in another 7 years or so .
 This is really a nice skillet . The non stick coating is really good quality . It will not peal off like many of them do . It is truelly `` non stick '' . A real bargain for this price . I use mine every day and love it . If you need a skillet I would highly recomend this one .
 I just love it ! I use it about every day . It works wonderful for frying fish or grilled items . It is one of best . It is great !
 I have had this fry pan before and it functions quite well , so when I finally needed a new one I looked for the same kind.I would recommend it to anyone . Nice product , plus a feature I like is that it does n't have a glass lid , I really do n't like the glass lid.It cleans up easy and cooks nice and evenly .
 It heats up well and cleans well but the legs are pretty fragile and they come loose all the time . I ended up breaking it when I was tightening up the legs and dropped it . Not the fault of the unit but ultimately I replaced it with a nicer Presto Skillet that was not as fragile and does n't get loose with use .
 Pros
 I bought this to replace a black & decker griddle that just would n't heat properly . I really like this little unit . One corner does not hear up as fast as the others , but the thermostat seems to recognize with the temperature has dropped properly and heats/shuts off appropriately , something my B&D ; could n't do.I 've taken this with us in the luggage and used it in our villa for cooking up pancakes , vegetables and chicken . All it needs is a standard phillips screwdriver to remove the legs and handle . Remember to line the non-stick interior with a paper towel so it 's not scratched up by the top or thermostat when traveling/storing .
 picked it because my mom always had one ... . I recently became a widow and cooking for one is easier in an electric skillet ... and I no longer need a large skillet ... grandaughter ... 21 years old ... moved in with me and she tends to burn her meals on the gas stove ... . I am really pleased with my purchase !
 Love the non-stick coating and the ease of cooking breakfast without using the stove ! Easy clean up is best feature !
 I got this for my Mom and had it sent to her . My Mom has troubles with her hands , but she said she did n't have any problem putting it together . To top it off she cooked a top round beef roast in it and said it came out tender and tasty .
 I purchased this small skillet to keep dishes warm at group meals , so I was particularly concerned about its ability to do that without burning the food . I was pleasantly surprised at how even the heat was , and that there was no burning of the food I was keeping warm , even though at one point I placed a small amount of stew in it for over 3 hours.It was VERY easy to assemble , and very easy to use.I placed it on top of a counter that was n't `` heat protected , '' and it did fine - nothing under or around it over heated -LRB- on warm -RRB- . In fact , it not only heated up quickly , but it also cooled off quickly . The nonstick surface meant it cleaned up very easily . It has heated up to cook items as well , and is a great all-round electric skillet . It would be awesome for a college dorm -LRB- provided , of course , that the dorm permits cooking in the room -RRB- . My only complaint is that the cord is SO short -LRB- thus the subtracted star -RRB- that you have to have the skillet VERY close to an outlet before you can use it . -LRB- Just a quick note - it is 2-prong -RRB-
 We bought this for our daughter , after she helped with making the choice . She is very happy , although she did say one of the problems was lending it out to her boyfriend to use and then having difficulty getting it back because he like it so much . She said that it heated very quickly , got hot before she had the vegies cut to put in .
 This is the second Presto 11-inch electric skillet I have purchased and hope to always have at least one on hand . Learned about it by seeing it used by Costco sample ladies who used it in many ways . Excellent product . Heats rapidly and evenly . Lid fits . Can use for everything from delicate omelettes , grilled Reuben sandwiches , or stir fry .
 I purchased this pan as a replacement , love it , perfect size for RV ... BJ WA
 bought to replace a competing brands fry pan that couldnt keep a accurate temperature . previously had another presto this was just as the old one , Great ! Only downside is that it is no longer made in USA , made in china , would pay more for made in america
 After losing power during our Halloween snow , I bought a generator and asked my son to purchase this skillet for me . With my generator I ca n't use my stove , so when we lost power for 5 days after Sandy , this skillet was wonderful ! We cooked burgers , eggs , stew for 4 people ... and pancakes for breakfast . Easy to clean , which was nice because lighting was very limited . I 'm sure it would be great all year round , but I know it was amazing with our limited power . .
 I bought this skillet for my mother in law and she is very happy with it . She cooked bacon and found that no matter where the back was , it sizzled nicely . She cooked pancakes and found no appreciable issues with this . Overall , she was happy ... . except - It is 11 inches at the top rim , not 11 inches at the bottom . The sides flare out . She said that she would personally call it a 9 inch skillet.Even so , the skillet is heavy duty and worth buying . I 'll just buy the larger size next time .
 My wife and I needed just a small skillet and the size on this one is perfect . Even heating , lid fits like a glove !
 This is my second Presto 11-inch electric skillet . I do almost all of my frying in this skillet and love it . My other one lasted several years and was happy to see that I could find another one like it . I always put the skillet on the top rack in my dishwasher and the lid down below and this helps the life of the skillet . I cook at least 4 times a week using this skillet so I do recommend this to anyone that cooks . It saves my stove and grease that splatters . Also , good seller and fast in mailing . Thank you .
 This is the second Presto 11 '' electric skillet I have purchased . It is exactly like the previous one . Good size , accurate temps , and sturdy . I hope the non-stick surface holds up a little better than the first one . Over all , this is one of the better small kitchen electrics .
 I finally ordered this skillet . I have been wanting one for a long time , and now that I have it I use it all the time . It is perfect size for our family , which is just two . It cleans so easy . I only wish I had gotten mine years ago .
 After reading the reviews I was a bit skeptical but I am very happy I went with my instincts . I live in a small 750 sq. ft. cottage and when I was designing the kitchen I opted not to have a stove . I get along just fine with my toaster oven , microwave , crock pot , hot plate and my new Presto Electric Skillet . It 's the perfect size and I love the nonstick surface . I have used it for about a month and have had no problems . I sent away for the Presto Electric Skillet Cookbook which has recipes for using the skillet as an oven . I ca n't wait to try baking a cake in it . This is the perfect skillet for me !
 I had read some of the reviews on this electric skillet . I am handicapped and live in a small seniors unit . I found this Skillet did not take up a lot of room . It heats well and cooks everything including pancakes I think superbly . You have good heat controls and I do not burn things . This electric skillet has helped me in cooking , since I know longer have to use the electric stove in my apartment . I agree the cord is a little short , but really nothing to complain about . It fits right in my dishwasher and cleans up well . I suffer from Parkinson 's disease and am always looking for help in preparing my own meals . I happily give this a five star rating .
 This product arrived and performs better than advertised . It is ideal for 2 people to cook a wide variety of meals with more than enough to eat . This Presto electric skillet is very easy to use and cooks all foods perfectly .
 My family uses this Presto Electric skillet to cook at the table , keep already cooked items warm in a buffet setting or fry items that require an exact temperature that is easily monitored on the control dial . We are very pleased with its design and features and have owned more than one . The non-stick surface is good for cooking things such as eggs and other items that can tend to stick.All-in-all a good , solid electric fryer that I can highly recommend .
 AFTER SEASONING THE SKILLET I COOKED A 2 & 1/2 LB . ROUND STEAK IN MUSHROOM GRAVY . BROWNING THE STEAK PIECES UNCOVERED ON 300 * WORKED GREAT , NO SPLATTER . THEN POURED THE GRAVY MIXTURE OVER THE STEAK TO COMPLETELY COVER THE STEAK PIECES . THE DEPTH OF THE SKILLET WAS JUST FINE . COVERED AND COOKED ON 235 * FOR 2 HOURS AND THE STEAK WAS TENDER AND COULD BE CUT WITH A FORK . EASY CLEAN UP . NO VENT ON THE LID WORRIED ME ABOUT LEAKING ONTO COUNTERTOP . BUT IT DID N'T LEAK A BIT AS THE LID FITS SNUG . GUESS IT 'S THE REASON YOU CAN COOK ON SUCH LOW TEMPERATURES.UPDATE :9 / 14/11I HAVE USED IT 4 TIMES NOW AND IT HAS PERFORMED SO GOOD . I ORDERED AND JUST RECIEVED ANOTHER ONE FOR MY DAUGHTER & SON-IN-LAW .
 As it says above , this is a great little skillet for college students or people who only have to cook for themselves . It 's a great size , and incredibly easy to use . My only problems were with assembling it and with the lid . It seemed they gave me the wrong size screws to put in the handles . But my dad got it worked out for me in the end . As for the lid , the underside white plastic stains really easily , and even after its first use would NOT come clean . It is forever a faint yellow color.I use it mainly to make stir fry , Hamburger Helper , and chicken masala , and it does wonderfully for all . There are many things I 've not yet tried , but I imagine this skillet will make them turn out perfectly .
 I had an old school version on this electric skillet and used it all the time . Finally , it was time for it to be retired . I purchased this model and was quite happy that is was very similar to my old one . The only major difference is that the lid is made of plastic instead of metal like my old one . I am not sure how this will hold up in comparsion to the other one I had . That being said , the skillet works great and I have had no problems whatsoever with the plastic lid so far .
 I bought this primarily to braise but found it valuable for other things too . The cost is little more than a cheap non stick fry pan . You can make it braise . It sears nicely but heats in bursts until the desired temperature is reached and the direct contact with the heat source can overheat your food . Keep the setting very low after searing . Practice is the key.I turned out to be more useful as a frypan for quick meals . Stir fry , pancakes , eggs , bacon , potatoes etc. . . I have a flat top induction stove -LRB- yuck -RRB- . This little pan heats up in seconds . It 's a great extra burner as well.Cleans fast and easy . The down side is the high sides . Makes it harder to flip eggs and pancakes.Worth it ? Yes . But do n't throw away your crock pot .
 I did n't use the product . I bought it as a gift for my daughter-in-law . She had an old one that bit the dust and needed a new one . You ca n't find these with the deep lids very easy . She loves the product .
 Have only used it twice , so I ca n't judge it as yet . Seems to be a good quality appliance , but `` time will tell '' . I will update .
 We had an electric skillet from our wedding 55 years ago . It finally gave up the ghost . We bought the Presto 06620 11 Inch Electric Skillet from Amazon . It was a perfect size for two people . . We poach 2 pieces -LRB- about 1/2 pound each -RRB- Wild Atlantic Salmon in spiced apple cider with cinnamon , slightly salted , allspice , cloves , lemon juice and zest , brown sugar . Setting the control on medium low , cover off , and poach each side five minutes , doing the skin side down first and stripping the skin and dark grey fat off the flesh , after the first turning ; finally another five minutes on the stripped side again , which helps rid the fat taste . Check for completion by slitting the thickest area and looking for wet pink or silvery color -LRB- not cooked -RRB- . Turn again , adding another five minutes if not done . Place on dinner plate with thin sliced lemon crossections on top , add a small amount of the liquid for taste . The Presto skillet keeps an even temperature and is easy to clean with its nonstick coating .
 I 've been using this pan on a daily basis for about two weeks now and I can say it has met all my demands of it . Eggs and bacon are cooked to perfection without burning either . It heats up quickly , and low temperature works for most foods . I like the fact that the heat is contained in the pan and does n't heat up the room like gas or electric stove top burners do . The lid is deep enough to allow you to cook a small chicken or roast . The last test I wanted to do was fry pancakes as one reviewer said it would n't get hot enough to do it . Well , I was amazed at how well it did fry pancakes . Using thin batter was better than thick , but it fried either one to a golden brown . As far as I 'm concerned this is a top quality product and will do anything you require of it . The temperature control is in degrees instead of warm medium and high as some of the others I 've looked at . That feature came in handy with the pancakes as the instructions were to preheat to 375 degrees . Well , that 's what I did and it was perfect . Cleanup is a breeze because of the non-stick surface , and the entire pan can be immersed in water with no harm or danger . I ca n't imagine what else I would want it to do . I would highly recommend this product and will buy it again if it fails after a reasonable amount of time.Update , October 2008 . After two months of non stop use , some of the non-stick surface is starting to bubble . Read the warnings carefully , it tells you to not let it soak in water . I did n't let it soak , but I let food stand in it sometimes overnight . I 've stopped doing that , and there is no more deterioration of the surface . I will still rate it highly , and be more careful in the future . I guess I just did n't think a non-stick surface could be harmed by food sitting on it over night . Live and learn I guess.Update . December 2008 . Well last week I scraped off the rest of the `` non-stick '' coating . I was worried that if I did n't I would be eating it . It started coming off in large pieces a few weeks ago . So , the coating is not very good . I have several non-stick pans and pots that are many years old but still have the non-stick surface intact . Still , the electric skillet works good , but you have to use oil or spray when cooking or it will stick to the pan . Beware , the non-stick stuff they use is NOT what you are used to seeing in a pan . Still use it almost daily though : -RRB-
 A nifty little electric skillet that fries , braises and bakes ! I bought mine for fish fries but use it for much more , especially during the heat of summer since it does n't heat up the kitchen like a conventional stove does . A great bargain for the price and lasts forever . Makes a great housewarming or shower gift too !
 Perfect for breakfast and small dinners.Cleans easy , quickly heats.Fits in small spaces.Ideal for students and RV ` sI use it everyday , best buy for your money .
 I think this is my 3rd or 4th of this little 11 inch Presto electric skillet . They do n't wear out . I keep giving them away , trying new cookware . My space is too small to accommodate more than one cooking appliance like this.This version of the Presto skillet is a little different from previous ones . Mostly cosmetic . It works great , fits nicely in my small space , is very easy to clean . The nonstick does n't come off . It 's light weight . It heats fast and cooks evenly . Not much splatters on the heating plug , which goes below the handle for some protection . Of course , the whole pan is submersible once the heating plug is removed .
 I was looking for a smaller electric skillet . This one fits the bill . Easy to clean . I use it weekly to cook all kinds of things from eggs to chicken to fish . Great for small meals .
 I am happy with this skillet . I picked it because it was a bit smaller than the others , but still big enough for cooking meals for 2 or more people . It was easy to assemble . I washed it , prepared it with olive oil , and cooked breakfast for me and my boyfriend . I only use plastic utensils on it and it cleans up like a dream . I leave it on the kitchen counter because again the size is just right and does n't take up too much space . I have made the most delicious sloppy joes in it , and it is great for heating up leftovers without the microwave .
 How did I get along without this pan ? I cook a lot of one-person meals , and this pan is great for that purpose . But , it holds a lot more than I would have guessed from seeing the picture . You can cook main dishes for several people , and side dishes for a larger group because of the depth of the pan . I am a vegetarian , cooking mostly Asian food , and it works for stir-frying , braising , steaming and just about any other method you can think of . The only things I would use my conventional stove for now is boiling big batches of noodles or pasta . This elctric skillet and my rice cooker can handle everything else , and they take up very little counter space . Easy and quick to clean . Most of the time , I can clean it with a damp paper towel and a bit of detergent , do n't even need dishwasher :-RRB- . My only dislike is that the lid is plastic and maybe could break someday , but otherwise this is the perfect pan !
 Perfect size for so many things , does a great job of cooking everything we 've tried in it , and the best part ... it 's dishwasher safe -LRB- and fits in the dishwasher just fine ... unlike our other electric skillet , though it 's immersible , it 's just too large to fit in the dishwasher , and we have to wash it by hand each time we use that one ! -RRB- We prefer this smaller size by far !
 I 'm very happy with this frypan because it is a nice size and much lighter weight than some of the others that are now available .
 This is an excellent set of 2.1 speakers for the price . I had a set of inexpensive Cambridge Soundworks 2.1 speakers which are ok for games - or music if you 're not too picky about sound quality . They had great thumping bass for those explosions , but not what you want to hear for good quality music listening . I did a lot of searching for something that would be primarily for music and purchased these on the recommendation of several on the net . ... However , I think any 2.1 system in this price range is going to be a bit shy on the midrange and this set is no exception . ... they do n't have the mid punch of a decent set of stereo speakers . But then , that 's not what they are designed to do . 2.1 systems like this are designed to sound as good as they can while taking minimal space on a computer desktop , and having plenty of bass kick to add impact to computer games . This set hits that nail on the head while moving a step up to provide very good quality music listening as well . I think this set falls at the high quality end of the 2.1 range , equaling the sound of much more expensive units . If you want top notch stereo sound , buy stereo speakers and be prepared for them to take up a lot of space . Otherwise , buy these babies and you 'll be a happy camper . Great dynamic range , better mid range than most 2.1 's , full sounding at low volumes , takes the high volume end without faltering - this set wo n't disappoint . Oh ... and it sounds good on games too : - -RRB-
 I 'm no audiophile , but these speakers sound great . I love the bass , and the 19 watt speakers go very very loud , just off of my PC . The remote is a nice thing , although a longer cord would have been appreciated . These things are very thin . The sub is big and heavy , as it incorporates the power supply as well . I love the look , and the fact that they play through the back and front . Really cool . Highly recommended .
 While theses speakers are not well suited to filling up a large space with big sound , they are great for listening to music on your computer . The flat panel satellite speakers produce remarkably crisp highs , and the sub delivers solid base . The one shortcoming is in the midrange which is not well represented , but this is not terribly noticeable . The remote mute , volume , and bass controls are very useful . Bottomline
 I 've looked for a good set of P.C. speakers for a long time . I checked through multiple different sites and stores and Amazon has the best deal by far . These speakers are the best you can buy for under $ ... I 've tried Altec Lansing , Logitech , and various other brands and they do n't compare to the Monsoon PM9 system . Great all around sound with a great sub woofer . My house is rocking everyday now ! Buy these if you want your money worth !!
 Indeed , PlanarMedia 9 provides great flat panel speakers . I suggest you spend a little extra to get the PlanarMedia 14 , which will give you much better performance .
 I currently own multimedia speakers made by Monsoon -LRB- planar media 9 -RRB- I own the mm-502 series . These speakers although relitively low powerer at only aboout 16 watts -LRB- rms -RRB- per speaker , have an impressive spl level of 99 db . I do like some of the other competition such as klipsch , logitech etc. , but none of the speakers i have tested compare to these.If you like slamming overly booming bass these speakers are not for you . If you like bass that blends in well with the rest of the audio than these speakers are for you.I want to mention that these speakers really must be posistioned correctly to give the best performance . Meaning do not put your subwoffer any where but in between the satalites . This goes for all mutimedia speakers with no exception . The sub 's on multimedia speakers are usually crossed over at around 100-200 hz . Must sub base is nondirection i 'd say anything below 70 hz or so . Since these speakers produce sound from 200 hz and lower they are very directional . Meaning if you put it off to the right your soundstage will pull to the right . Not good for accurate soundstaging . Which by the way these monsoons have . They accurately produce a soundstage , i 'd say better than it 's comp.As far as bass and treble controls know this . If a speaker is designed correctly there should be no need for treble controls and the bass controll should only be used to blend the volume of you subwoofer so it seemlessly integrates with the satalites . The reason why the add bass control is to allow you to compensate for different envirements that the subwoofer may reside . That said here 's a breakdown.pros : Very accurate soundstage.High quality sound.Planar transducers produce very clean accurate treble.The model I own MM-502 Has a combo planar transducer and midrange speaker this simply produces slightly better mid range than the Planar Media 9 speakers I am reviewingThey can play loud.Great set of controlls on this modelReproduce very clean accurate bass -LRB- when adjusted correctly -RRB- cons : Not Quite as good reproducing mid-range frequencies as previous models.Can ' t compete with other company 's overall stomping bass -LRB- if that 's your preference -RRB- certainly not mine.It cost far less than it 's competitors -LRB- no wait thats a pro -RRB- Well that 's it , Just buy them at half the cost of worhty competitors it should be a no brainer -LRB- unless you 're a overly saturated bass supporter -RRB- .
 This system delivers what it is known for crisp highs and mids , with a powerful base . It is very small for the power and quality that it delivers .
 if your able to get these through ebay etc consider yourself lucky because they do n't make these anymore . Not any competitor makes planar technology either at least not with computer speakers . These are the best !!
 I got the Monsoon Planar Media 9 -LRB- PM-9 -RRB- setup to replace an old Altec Lansing ACS-31 2.1 system on my home computer . I only have room for a 2.1 system ; the PM-9s have been a good upgrade for me.I do n't claim to be an audiophile . I like my music to sound good , but spending beaux coup bucks on top end sound has never been high on my priority list . `` Good enough , '' for a decent price , has been what I 've looked for , and the PM-9s fill the bill.With tonal quality set neutral via the computer sound properties and remote settings , the treble is clear without getting harsh at high volume levels and the bass is tight -- plenty of thump , but not `` boomy , '' which I ca n't stand . The system makes a good illusion of the bass coming from the satellites , and the sound stage is well defined and reasonably wide for a desktop system . There does seem to be a small bit of emphasis , maybe around 500Hz , that is not just like what I want to hear . What the PM-9s put out may actually be closer to a flat response , but it 's not totally what I `` like . '' A slight cut at 500Hz per the Windows Media Player EQ improves things , especially for male vocals . But overall , the sound is a great improvement . Comparing the sound from the PM-9s to our current home sound setup , I like the home system just a bit better . But that uses much larger 3-way speakers , which are running off a 10-band EQ , with the sound adjusted to what I like.Now that I 've heard the PM-9s , the ACS-31s are just about unlistenable to me -- no amount of playing with bass and treble render them clear enough to compare well with the PM-9s -- and the ACS-31s , adjusted for inflation , would be higher cost today.The power transformer in the sub unit makes a low hum when running , which I notice sometimes during silences between tracks . But normally it 's not noticeable over the computer fan noises , and cuts out when the `` mute '' switch is pressed on the remote -LRB- the main power switch is on the back of the sub -RRB- . The remote is nice , and has a headphone jack in it -LRB- there is noticeable hiss at low volume levels -- the hiss seems independent of volume level , which becomes not-objectionable at higher volume levels when music is playing , when listening with my Sennheiser HD-280 Pro headphones through this jack -RRB- . Sub adjustment is on the remote , and allows plenty of bass emphasis away from the neutral setting . The PM-9 has a single line input -LRB- which under normal circumstances is plenty , but the ACS-31 had two line inputs -- useful for adding a portable unit on occasion -RRB- . Hope my ramblings will help somebody 's decision . These are worth a listen .
 PROSWonderful sound , loud without distortion , strong tight bass , quality construction , re-designed controls.CONSNo treble control.SUMMARYThe PM-9 speakers have clean sound , tight bass and very high volume capability . I believe they are as good as the Klipsch ProMedia 2.1 at just half the cost . Very highly recommended!FULL REVIEWI 've had these speakers for a month and have used them daily . I loved them from the start and the feeling has n't changed . I purchased these speakers to use for watching DVD 's on my computer . I intentionally chose not to buy a surround speaker set because I 'm in an RV with limited space.These speakers are well built and have a very unique look . But their real strength is THE SOUND !!! I have n't found any weaknesses . The bass is never muddy . It can be cranked without distortion . The mids are strong and the highs are pure . The overall balance of sound is , in my opinion , just about perfect . I just finished watching my T2 DVD with the volume loud and the bass boosted . No distortion - no regrets.At first I did n't think I 'd like having the controls on a separate wired remote -LRB- my last speakers had controls on the right speaker -RRB- . But now that I 've used a remote for a month , I actually prefer it . And this particular remote is EXCELLENT . It contains volume , bass and mute . I wish it had treble , but that seems to be left off a lot of computer speakers these days . The volume control is large and easy to control . The feel as it moves is perfectly fluid . The bass control has a distinct center detent and plenty adjustability . It can add some serious kick to the bass ! The mute button can be used as an on/off button -LRB- the actual on/off is on the back of the subwoofer -RRB- . The remote also has a headphone jack which too many computer speakers are missing these days.For those of you looking for digital input , this speaker set has it . However , I do n't use it so can not comment on it.I spent over two weeks auditioning computer speakers in various stores and at friend 's houses . The only other speakers I liked as well were the Klipsch ProMedia 2.1 . In my opinion , the Planar Media 9 speakers sounded every bit as good as the Klipsch , but for only half the price . EASY DECISION ! My advice - BUY THESE SPEAKERS !
 There is no support for these speakers or any other Monsoon Speaker sets . I got these speakers which gave me an excellent sound right out of my laptop , but I was sitting in my room one day and bumped the plug on the included wired remote and it pulled right out and stripped the input . They are now sitting at my home unable to be used because I ca n't get a replacement control . If you buy this product you will not be able to get accessories . I purchased this at Circuit City after the company was out of business and they did not tell me that ! Be extra careful if you chose to get monsoon !
 More and more I have been using my PC as a home entertainment system . I do n't really watch TV , but I love movies and listen to a lot of music . I am also a musician and have been experimenting with electronic music creation software . Being on a limited budget and not wanting to invest in a 5.1 yet , I started looking at quality 2.1 's . These speakers are being phased out and I just picked up the last set at my local circuit city for -LSB- cheap -RSB- . I feel like the cat that ate the canary !! I had no idea flat panel technology was so good . These things are absolutely amazing . If you are looking for a 2.1 set and do n't want to spend the big bucks , look no further . Do n't even worry about it , these things rock . Remote has headphone jack on it -LRB- great design -RRB- and separate bass volume -LRB- great for apartment dwellers like me that want to be considerate to the downstairs neighbors . -RRB- Also the wattage on these things is twice what I was finding on comparably priced sets . Anyway , I 'm pleased ... They are PC speakers , so if you know what you are shopping for do n't waste anymore time reviewing , ...
 The quality of the sound is superb . I could write about the sound qualities , however , everyone is different as it pertains to what they hear . All I can say is that I don not listen to Rap , or country . I listen to classical rock , oldies , classical , jazz and celtic music . Each music style have wonderful responces in the low , med , and high audio ranges . I have found the subwoofer provides more than enough bass for the music that I listen to . Conclusion
 These things are mind-blowing . Not long after getting them , I put on a recording of some Haydn Piano Sonatas I 'd had literally for 15 years . I had always thought the sound of the piano was not that great on the recording . Through these things , it was as if I 'd never heard the disc . I disagree about a lack of midrange . They are by far the best speakers I 've ever had and at the price , an insane value .
 these are the best computer speakers i have ever owned . they make everything sound great . the base on these speakers is unreal . the only down side is the amp is big . other than that they are great
 The Monsoon Planar Media 9 speakers are an incredible deal . For the money you get 2 flat panel speakers -LRB- Monsoon is known for its flat panel technology -RRB- and one subwoofer . The subwoofer rolls out smooth bass with any type of music and cranked all the way up . Surprisingly when the volume was all the way up the bass did not distort . The flat panel speakers also did not distort at any volume level . They produced awesome highs and very decent mids . I would say this system surprised me because I would expect flat panels to distort at high volume levels . Overall the system rocks and its strong points are some types of music and games .
 I took a chance on theses and could n't be happier . The sound is full regardless of what I 'm listening to and I love the remote with volume , mute , and bass . For less than -LSB- money -RSB- it 's a steal .
 I went to a local electronics store to look at LCD Monitors . They had approx . 10-15 displayed with the same desktop picture . This monitor was the best picture out of them all , even compared to some higher priced models . In fact I asked the salesmen what his most popular selling monitor was and he said Princeton graphics followed by Sony and Samsung . He said he felt the PG monitor had the best picture of them all . And I agree ! A very nice monitor for the money . Speakers are not very good though . very tinny sounding . I would say that the picture on a CRT monitor is definitely better . but this LCD is actually pretty good too.It was also nice to regain some desktop space !! You wo n't be disappointed !
 This thing is built well and worked great . I 've had other FM modulators that connected via the headphone output but they could only select 4 fm stations and didnt work that great . I was impressed with this unit . It has a digital tuner selection where you can choose any frequency you want -LRB- 200 channels i believe -RRB- that gives a strong signal . Also it uses the nano dock connecter which outputs line level rather than headphone so you get a clean sound output . Highly recommended if you dont want to mess with cables and such .
 This product works great ! I bought a cheap one first and had to throw it out . This one is definitely worth the money .
 This item worked very very well , and I would recommend it to anybody . Now I can finally have the fast internet on my pocket pc .
 This worked really well for me . You have to make sure the plugs are really in there and may have to jiggle them once in a while , but it works great and is small . Exactly what I needed .
 I bought it because the previous one is too big . This one does not take a lot of space and equally efficient .
 Works great but I wish it did n't have the led light when in use . At night , this can be a bit of a distraction . I just want it to do it 's job , and it does that well .
 My husband was getting ready to complete his training and we used these to market his resume and coverletter . We downloaded his resume and cover letter onto the disk inserted a business card into the sleeves that are provided with the disk . He handed them out at the conference and everyone loved them it was much easier for people to take and put in there pocket then a paper resume would have been .
 We run a small business that uses 3 computers and a common printer . We nedded a good , reliable router so we could all be on the internet at the same time and print from the same printer.With this perfect low cost solution , we installed our own small business network and have n't touched it since installation . It is the best investment money we have spent on our business so far!Highly recommend this product to all homes and businesses that want a good stable network solution .
 Have n't had a problem with this product and saved me a bunch a money if I would have bought the Panasonic brand of this battery . Has treated me well so far with three weddings I have filmed and I 'm happy with the battery 's performance .
 I have used this battery for days on one charge with no problems . at the time I was having problems with my DV deck and also used the camera on battery power to dump video . Iam very happy with it .
 This battery has worked fine so far . Last quite a long time before needing to be recharged . Will buy a few more .
 This battery works great . It is a little longer than the Panasonic brand name one , but it does n't really matter . I have n't used a full day of shooting with it yet . But from what I have done , it seems to keep a pretty good charge . Sorry I could n't give you an up-to-the-second time on how long it lasts , you nerds .
 I own an event videography company and these are a great back-up battery for the panasonic AG-DVX100Bs we have . Ca n't beat the price .
 Great price for a battery that seems to keep the same charge as the Panasonic equivalent.Would recommend to anyone looking for a replacement battery that fits the model .
 I just got this battery in and mine is a Lenmar . I ca n't believe the difference in life this has to my original Panasonic battery . I 'll check back in a few months to see if it still holds a good charge though .
 Bought as backup battery for P2 camera . Chose Lenmar over other non-OEM brands because Lenmar is a known battery company and many of the other , less expensive brands claiming compatable Panasonic specs are not . The Lenmar LIP540 battery I bought seemed to operate just as well and just as long as the Panasonic OEM battery , but I did not do any testing in that regard . I will buy additional Lenmar LIP540 batteries when needed for my P2 camera , provided the price and quality stay consistent .
 Great battery . I followed the instructions to maximize performance , and this battery performs at least as well as the additional Panasonic battery I bought for my DVX-100B .
 This battery provides identical power to my HVX-200 as the OEM battery , and works fine on the OEM charger . I have not done an actual test to see if it has the same usage time as the OEM battery , but it has not died on me during soem long shoots either .
 Great backup batter that lasts just as long as the original . Been using it for over a month with multiple recharges and no issues so far .
 Purchsed 2 of these for my DVX-100B . Used them at a full day and evening shoot and they worked just as well as the Panasonic battery . With the stock battery and two Lenmars , I still had power to spare after capturing about five and a half hours of video with the camera on standby for about twice that time .
 I am very happy with my purchase ! It performs just like the Panasonic batteries do but they are one third of the cost . I have used them several times already and could n't ask for much more!Thank You !
 I 've been using these batteries with my Panasonic HPX170 for years and have never had any issues with them . Work great and seem to hold a charge just as long as the Panasonic OEM batteries .
 This is a great product . I needed it because my Panasonic batteries gave out . Used this one for a party job , shooting about 8 hours and the thing lasted just about the whole night .
 Purchased 2 of these in mid June . They were LENMAR brand as advertised . Used both on Panasonic AG-DVC30 and AG-DVC60 -LRB- mini DV -RRB- video cameras for a family member 's wedding . Cycled each a few times before the wedding date to prepare them . At the wedding , both batteries lasted VERY well during the night . Also used the residual charge in each a few days later to dump the footage into my editor . What I recieved were the brand name products as described , they performed well , and I 'd say they were a good value .
 This battery works rally well and can compete with Panasonic 's original battery that came with my DVX 100B . I had one before for about a year now and it works great and holds a good charge so I thought that I get me another . Dont hesitate to get this , forget the others , Lenmar rules .
 my old batteries were finally giving out after some years of use , they were also the Lenmar series . So I bought 2 more of these . So far , they are doing the job once again.EG : I ran one battery all day on location shooting for about 4 hours , then forgot to turn the camera off -LRB- HVX-200 -RRB- in the bag on the drive home . when I got home the battery still had plenty of life left in it .
 I really ca n't live without my Letra-Tag ; I use it for absolutely everything
 The yellow plastic tape is essential if you have a DYMO Letratag Labelmaker of this size.The plastic tape is far superior to the paper tape . The metallic tape is OK , but for most household and office uses , the plastic is best . Furthermore , the yellow is easy to read.A previous reviewer complained about not being able to obtain this during the Christmas season , but that fails to accurately critique the product .
 I have done a lot of canning this season . This DYMO labeling tape works great for this . -LRB- used with DYMO labeler -RRB- . Can read the jar labels clearly and quickly .
 This cartridge is great for what I use it for . I was setting up my craft room and most of my scrapbook organizers are white so using the clear background with the black lettering stood out great . Plus it 's great for journaling in scrapbooks too . I 'm still on my first cartridge so it seems to last as well .
 Black letters on white background are clear dense and sharp . Despite the the complaints of other reviewers , I have not had problems with print quality , sticking to smooth surfaces -LRB- glass spice bottles , metal surfaces , etc -RRB- . You ca n't beat the price with Amazon Prime , under $ 5.50 to your door in two days . Dymo has always been the gold standard in label machines since I was in elementary school in the early 1960s and we had the manual `` label embosser '' machine . Very pleased .
 These labels are extremely useful and durable , the only drawback is length of tape when you 're working on printing out quite a few labels.I label everything that needs it in my reference guides , so I run out often during my studies . . The Quality and Adhesive is top notch!I would recommend this product to anyone looking for labeling ideas.Hope that helps you with your purchasing decisionThanks for Reading !
 This is an ok tape . I prefer not to use the see through tape , though that works just as well . I have used the dymo letra for about two years and I have noticed that after this time , it only prints half of the letters ... it might be the batteries need to be replaced , but one letra that I bought , though I replaced the batteries I still had the same problems ... but it is great when it works right .
 will be ordering more of these in future . great seller & service . fast delviery . thanks
 I love my labelmaker . Ever since the moth invasion of 2006 , is has been essential to food security . The only problem has been the expense of the tape ! Save money and order this stuff in bulk . If I had bought these at the grocery store I would have paid much more for the exact same thing .
 I personally do n't see any problem with this product . It is easy to put in a new cartrige and to take on out . However the cartridges do seem a little expensive , but they last pretty long . I 've never had one jam yet either .
 I have the DYMO Letra Tag Label maker and I love it . I have one at work and one at home . Excellent purchase for being the organized person that I am .
 This Dymo LetraTag labeling tape is perfect for making the black text stand out . If I use one of the larger fonts on my LetraTag label maker , I can see the type from across the room . That is very handy to identify items or if an item is on a shelf , where it might otherwise be difficult to view.I like the background because there are not many packages or other items that have this shade as their background . That makes these labels standout . They are easy to identify as something I have labeled . And I label everything , from the contents of a cabinet shelf , to boxes and bins I do not want to open -LRB- pre-label , I would have opened a bin 15 times to determine its contents - no longer -RRB- , to file folders , to the back of all my electronics in case I lose one . And that is just the tip of the iceberg.These labels are easy to apply , the rear of each labels backing is split in two so it is effortless . If I need to trim a label , I peel away the backing first and then use a pair of scissors to trim up without the backing . I found that if I kept trimming the labels with the backing on , I could not find the `` split '' on the back of my labels trimmed . Since cutting most labels is quick and easy , trimming with the back off does not deter from the adhesiveness of the label.I have had no problem with these Dymo labels adhering to any surface . And the labels hold firmly in place , regardless of temperature variations . I use a lot of this LetraTag tape , and I have found Amazon 's price to be the best . On all variations of the LetraTag tape , their price is always the lowest .
 I have an older model DYMO labeler and use it for lots of things -LRB- I 've nearly killed it , so it will be time to buy another one soon -RRB- . This tape is easy to load and use and cheaper than Walmart .
 Got it in a very timely manner . Love being able to label various items , wish that it was dish washer resistant , or at least lasted longer from washing .
 I bought this tape to replace the empty tape in my Dymo label printer , and the results were initially highly disappointing . The letters were extremely faint and vertical lines were entirely absent . I assumed this was a problem with the tape since the last tape had worked fine . However , a comment on an earlier version of this review suggested replacing the printer 's batteries , and that entirely fixed the problem.So , the product works as it should . If it does n't print well for you , try replacing your batteries , especially if you use it infrequently , as I do.The labels are n't quite as sticky as I 'd like them to be , as others have noted . I 've found them especially troublesome on plastic surfaces .
 The plastic labels are transparent and I find them useful to label glass containers , the back peels off easily also .
 I really ca n't live without my Letra-Tag ; I use it for absolutely everything . In addition , it is very affordable . it 's the greatest !
 High quality labeling tape . It comes in many different colors and it sticks well . However , I used it on textbook covers and I wa able to peel it off without a lot fo sticky stuff left .
 The letters are always clear . This tape seems to stick better than the paper version , so I usually grab this one even though it costs more than the paper .
 My Girl has a label machine , and loves using it . these are quality replacement rolls . I would recommend to anyone .
 Love them for scrapbooking and making labels for other items . The black on clear makes them look so neat . Will buy more in the future .
 My label maker ran out ions ago and had been sitting in a drawer in my desk . I discovered it again and looked on amazon for replacement label tape . Great price and shipped quickly .
 I use them to label my spray bottles , boxes and many others things and they have yet to fall off . Perfect so far and only $ 5 & change , I first started using the paper labels on my collectible magazine/comics & I was so impressed after 8/10 years they have yet to peel off.I only which the rolls would be longer maybe 18/20 feet .
 I looked several locations for this label . This is the only plastic label I could find . Everything else was paper . I received these before the expected date . They are fantastic .
 If you want a label that is going to last , this is the type to get . You can also get the paper style label tape but the plastic is much more durable and is more resistant to dirt . Also easier to keep clean .
 We use these to label plastic bottles of frozen expressed breastmilk with the date they were pumped . We used to useDymo 10697 1/2in X 13ft Letratag White Paper Tape -LRB- 2-Tapes -RRB- , but it was a pain to scrape off with mour fingernails and frequently did n't come off cleanly -LRB- especially after getting wet from boiling in water to defrost the milk -RRB- . This product peels off easily and cleanly , but after we boil the labeled bottles , the labels turn brown and fall off . Because we rarely have more than one bottle in circulation , we do n't really need to know the date once the bottle 's been defrosted , so we still prefer this plastic tape to the paper tape we were using before .
 Dymo have a similar excellent product -LRB- which appears to be discontinued -RRB- , item 91201 . Either 201 or 331 lasts a long time for household use but you will need several canisters if you are doing a big labelling job e.g. the IT outlet points in an office building . The big thing to watch , whether you buy 331 or 201 is that Amazon refuses to ship to many overseas addresses , which in my opinion makes Amazon look foolish - if you are outside US but have a US mailing address you will have no problem .
 I recently purchased the Dymo Letra Tag system to use in my small traveling craft business . It is a dream . The cartridges slide easily into the system when you do need to re-load and there is no problem with jamming . I would recommend this to anyone who is in need of a quick , accurate , clear system .
 This Dymo LetraTag metallic silver labeling tape is perfect for making the black text stand out . If I use one of the larger fonts on my LetraTag label maker , I can see the type from across the room . That is very handy to identify items or if an item is on a shelf , where it might otherwise be difficult to view.I like the silver metallic background because there are not many packages or other items that have this shade as their background . That makes these labels standout . They are easy to identify as something I have labeled . And I label everything , from the contents of a cabinet shelf , to boxes and bins I do not want to open -LRB- pre-label - I would have opened a bin 15 times to determine its contents - no longer -RRB- , to file folders , to the back of all my electronics in case I lose one . And that is just the tip of the iceberg.These labels are easy to apply , the rear of each labels backing is split in two so it is effortless to take the backing off . If I need to trim a label , I peel away the backing first and then use a pair of scissors to trim up the tape without the backing . I found that if I kept trimming the labels with the backing on , I could not find the `` split '' on the back of my labels I trimmed . Since cutting most labels is quick and easy , trimming with the back off does not deter from the adhesiveness of the label.I have had no problem with these Dymo labels adhering to any surface . And the labels hold firmly in place , regardless of temperature variations . I use a lot of this LetraTag tape , and I have found Amazon 's price to be the best . On all variations of the LetraTag tape , their price is always the lowest .
 I moved from a large home to a smaller one . I threw out as much as I could . I had an estate sale . I gave away stuff to Good Will and Saint Vincent de Paul 's . A couple of items were stolen , etc. . I went from having WAY , WAY , too much stuff to having a smaller home which actually had some empty cupboards . So , in the end , I guess , I just had TOO much stuff , but it was certainly less than I started with.Things were pretty organized before the move . Things were EVEN labeled , though it had been hastily done , and usually with pencil . The penciling allowed us to reorganize as we went along without much hassle.So , there I was in a smaller home without ALL the clutter that had been mine . HooRah for me ! But , then the inevitable happened . The mail came and there were new things to be labeled and organized . I took a new job which had a Medicare Component to it . You talk about organizational nightmares . Those folks have more `` Etceteras '' to go under their main heading than God ever heard of . Things began to pile up again . I began to organize like nobody 's business . Files went here there and everywhere . Six new Filing Cabinets were required . Penciling just was n't going to cut it any longer . I looked at my old labelmaker , which was a `` click to this letter and punch , then click to the next letter and punch '' model and could tell , it was n't going to cut it At ALL !! So , I bought a nice automatic LabelMaker and tossed the old one in the trash . The Labeler was equiped with one roll of label making tape when I bought it and then I was on my own . And I had 6 filing cabinets worth of folders to make some sense out of . So , I developed my own little system which involved the use of different color Labling tapes for different Medicare Problems . What a life saver these vari-colored tapes were . Metallic Silver with Black Printing was used to delineate various diasnoses . Other colors for different things . But the metallic silver with black was a real `` Show Off and Show UP Color . '' I had no trouble looking for diagnoses and setting them up with the `` etceteras '' that went with them . The labeler was a life saver , no doubt about it . BUT , the color coded tapes played a huge part in setting the office up so it ran efficiently and effectively.I think thise colored tapes are great . I use them at work and at home . I sincerely recommend their use to those of you who are befuddled and bamboozed by your own overwhelming amounts of information . Use these colors to your advantage and I , personally , suggest that Metallic Silver with Black is great for your most important , or your most basic needs . The lettering shows right up . There is no missing it . So , take heart . You too , can be organized , efficient , and in control of the paper . Go for it.o Dymo Corporation o - Electric Labelmaker ,180 Resolution,8-1 / 2 `` x9-19 / 32 `` x3-5 / 16 `` Dymo LetraTag Plus LT-100H Personal Label MakerNew Dymo Letratag Plastic Label Tape Cassette 1/2in X 13ft Hyper Yellow Easy Communication
 Metallic Silver labels . Very unique I used it on Chritmas pages for labeling and also for my textbooks . The silver looked really nice on them .
 Bought This for a Great Price !! DYMO 91338 Tape for LetraTag Label Printers -LRB- Metallic Silver with Black Printing , 1/2in -RRB- Product was as shown and described . Arrived fairly quick . Will purchase again if available !!
 This tape has a really cool color . I 'm definitely a fan . It seems to stick better than some of the other DYMO label colors that I 've had but it may just be different surfaces that I 've used . So , that 's definitely not a scientific statement . One thing you want to avoid is putting it into the microwave . It will spark . But , if you are daring enough , you can probably get away with it . It probably depends on your microwave.Good product , I 'll use this color again .
 This product makes the changing of tape very easy , just open lid remove old cartridge and put in new , that 's it print away .
 What can you say about label printer tape . It works as it was intended . Could be easier to peel the backing off , but like I said , it does what it does .
 This is the best Metallic Silver Tape ive ever bought ! ... it is also great because of its handy size . I recomend his item to any one who needs some Metallic Silver Tape .
 Dymo products are usually very good . What they say about it , it 's like it is .
 This is the most reliable , outstanding router I have ever used ! Thank you , Netopia , and keep up the great work !
 Excellent bargain for the person on the go . Outstanding reception of distant am/fm stations . Lots of features for the price .
 I received my radio two days ago and have been very pleased with its performance and features . What sets this radio apart from most is the integrated clock
 Got the radio as a Christmas gift . I like the compact combination of clock and radio . I like that it has a dual clock and alarm . However , it would be nice if the display had a light and if the unit came with an AC adapter . It 's a nice basic unit .
 - you 're lying in your hammock , listening to the BBC World Service . Nice little machine . Speaker is adequate , tuning reasonably easy , controls straightforward , battery life good . Handles humidity , heat and jostling well . Compact and inexpensive.The clock 's ability to show two time zones simultaneously is nice and the alarm means you do n't have to lug around a travel alarm clock.Do keep a post-it or notepaper in the case -LRB- along with the instructions -RRB- to jot down favorite stations . A small set of headphones lets you listen without bothering your travel companions .
 This is really a great am/fm/sw radio-I take it everywhere , and the reception is good for a radio with such a small speaker.I have had many small traveling radios , but nothing that is constructed as well as this one.I just with it had a light , so you could see the time in the dark.I would recommend this radio to anyone who is on the go , because it takes up very little room in your suitcase .
 The perfect size to fit in a suitcase , this feature-laden little radio comes with a leather case and ear buds . Even has a little stand on the back to keep it upright on your night table . The shortwave comes in handy on extended trips abroad when you want a little taste of home to ease homesickness . Highly recommended for anyone who travels frequently !
 This radio is jst plain dependable and good . Almost all stations come in clear . You can get a lot of shortwave stations from it . I can get BBC every night and for -LSB- that price -RSB- it 's a wonderful deal for traveling and just regular listening . I recommend this radio to many people because it 's light and is great for beginners like me .
 It is amazing what Grundig has managed to put in this little radio . The receiver pulls in an amazing amount of stations , especially in the evening . The size makes it very handy to pack in a suitcase or to just carry out onto the deck . The digital clock also has a digital display that helps you tune in a station at its strongest point . The little speaker works fine and the ear buds are very comfortable a provide a high quality sound . For -LSB- the money -RSB- , this is an excellent deal !
 This little radio comes with a nice case , `` earbud '' style earphones , batteries and a clear , concise manual.Performance-wise , the radio does wonderfully . It successfully picks up all of the strong shortwave stations -LRB- i.e. , BBC World Service , Radio Canada International , Swiss Radio International -RRB- and many of the weaker ones . When an antenna wire was added , performance improved as one would expect.The clock and alarm features are an added bonus . I personally did n't think I would use them , however , they are remarkably useful . The wake-up alarm -LRB- `` Human Wake System '' , as named in the documentation , -RRB- works very well . In addition , having a world clock comes in handy when listening to world band radio . I leave mine set to G.M.T. -LRB- UTC -RRB- so that both my local time and UTC time is displayed -- very useful for world band listening.I would recommend this radio to anyone who needs a portable world band radio for casual listening . For more serious listening , like `` DXing '' , you may want to look at Grundig 's other products .
 Grundig has done it again ! I needed a small AM/FM/SW radio for emergencies . After having carefully evaluated this unit I think that the Grundig Traveller II PE is a great , inexpensive and yet a good radio receiver!PROS :1 -RRB- Well built unit that comes with a slip case , earbuds and a manual2 -RRB- Good signal reception on all bands .3 -RRB- Broad tuning knob for use on standard N. America am/fm bands and all 5 sw bands -LRB- 5.8-15 .6 MHz -RRB- .4 -RRB- Analog dial display for the individual radio bands -LRB- controlled by a slide switch on the top of the radio -RRB- and a separate LCD display for the easily changeable world/home time system -LRB- see below -RRB- .5 -RRB- Very long battery life using only 2 AA batteries -LRB- 3V system -RRB- with a completely separate system for the clock and its display -LRB- 1 AA battery -RRB- .6 -RRB- A separate front mounted clock control system to set the world/home time and sleep wakeup functions as well as an analog dial for indicating timing information for 24 time zones around the globe -LRB- listed by city if at all possible and starting with GMT -LRB- Zulu -RRB- time at the top of the dial -RRB- .7 -RRB- Jacks on the left side for earphone and an AC Adaptor charger and a slide switch for the volume control on the right hand side.CONS :1 -RRB- Smallish speaker , but the sound quality is good for its size .2 -RRB- Battery compartment door is NOT attached to the radio .3 -RRB- There is no external antenna jack available .4 -RRB- It does n't come with an AC/DC adaptor charger unit .5 -RRB- The available SW band frequencies are quite limited by current standards , but still cover a reasonable part of the entire spectrum that is least as good as today 's very specialized emergency radios as made by Eton , Sangean , Kaito , Tecsun and others . These new analog units are generally way too expensive for what you do get . Please consult the 2008 or 2009 Passport for Worldband Radio book for reviews of the latest emergency radios and examine their very poor ratings .
 I got a couple of these to keep my iPod charged/sync ` ed , and it works perfectly fine . Having retractable ends makes it a super deal -- it is something I can keep in a pocket or backpack and then charge/update as needed .
 Shipping was fast , cost was low , and product worked as stated . The fact that it retracts when not in use is great , no more cords lying around to get destroyed .
 Who could ask for more ? Works as described . I just plug in my Ipod & play in my car ... I do n't unplug it often so I 'm sure the `` life '' of this will be longer for me than for folks who unplug the cords a lot . Any of these plugs that are unplugged & moved a lot start to break down pretty fast .
 The product received was not the product pictured but it was real easy to contact the seller and report the issue and the seller refunded me the price paid and the shipping . As a plus they let me keep the product that was sent . As for the product it is a retractable USB , it 's light and have not tested its durability but it serves its purpose in my car and definitely minimizes the wires . One thing to add is that if you have an otterbox case like I do it has to be inserted and removed carefully or you may struggle to remove it , but it will come off .
 This feels cheap , but it works . At this price , as long as it works , what do you care ? This type of retracting cord will eventually break , in my experience with other cords , so maybe do n't play with it like a hyperactive 3rd grader . As for me , I 'm very happy with it .
 This product works great with my ipod and cd player in the car and was shipped quickly ! I love it . : -RRB-
 Would order again , retractable nice feature , reasonable quality for the nice low price . Order arrived in a timely fashion by postal .
 I liked this because I did n't like having a lot of cord mess to sync my iPhone . This fixed it !! Quality A + + , Price A + +
 I ordered 2 of these from 2 different sellers . I got 2 slightly different versions of the product , neither of them exactly like the photo on the product page . The connector on the iPod end is a bit bigger and bulkier than in the picture , but both of them work just fine .
 The cable came in very handy for travel , but I ended up buying a case for my I-phone that had an extended life battery built-in and required a micro-usb plug , so I only used this device for a few weeks . It seemed fine to me though , based on that limited experience .
 Great product . Throw it in your luggage , backpack or travel bag . Works great . I have purchased many different varieties of retractable cords and love them all .
 Works like a charm for both syncing and charging . Cord is a bit thin , so you have to be careful . For the price , I 'd say this is a steal .
 This works great with my Ipod Classic 3rd Gen. The item seems sturdy enough and the price is right .
 I wanted something inexpensive and compact to use at work or while traveling . This product works perfectly for those scenarios and I am pleased with the quality . Ship time was quick !
 I lost my original iPod cable and bought this one as a replacement . It works just fine and I really like the retractable feature !
 Very nice , works as advertised , retracts well . Cord quite thin , so be sure it wo n't get kinked by sliding cupholders .
 Made kind of cheap its all plastic but it charges my Ipod and thats my only real expectation for 2 dollars and 50 cents
 I have n't used the cable much , but it works fine when I do . Charging , syncing , it all works . Some folks have complaints these cables charge but wo n't sync or vice-versa , so they should check to make sure the USB has enough power to do both . Use a cheap hub with low power and it may not work .
 I purchased this to be used when I travel and do not want to deal with the long cords from apple . The product seems very durable and is compact for travel .
 I saw a lot of these at stores . They just wanted too much money for them.I bought this because I have SYNC in my Focus . The iPod cord looked tacky , and it kept getting in the way . This retractable cord just keeps everything in it place a lot nicer .
 I bought several of these extendable charging cables , and they work perfectly . The ugly-long-dangling white cables are gone , and now I have these sweet , compact , there-when-you-need-them black cables . Highly recommended .
 This is a sturdy little sink cord . It is easily portable . It is convenient to have the cord on a retractable spring load . It keeps the cord out of the way when in use and stores neatly w/o fuss .
 I bought 2 of these little guys . It 's a little irritating that the item is not the same as in the picture . You 'll actually receive a bulky connector head and body like pictured here
 product works good so far but it is incredibly short , its about a foot long , maybe a little more . other than that it seems to work good , charges good , and syncs just fine as far as i can tell
 It 's two black USB iPhone/iPod cables . They work with iPhone 4 and my car stereo so I am very happy .
 This is perfect for what I needed it for and I have n't had any problems with it . We use it in the car to hook the iPod to the stereo . It 's great ! It connects better than the one that came with my iPod , which jiggles and loses its connection frequently . This one does n't do that at all .
 Great spacesaver , especially when traveling . Eliminates counter clutter , no extra cords laying around . Easy to carry in your pocket or in the car .
 I ordered this to connect to my car stereo 's USB port so that I can play my iPhone through it . It 's great because you do n't have a big cord hanging out all over the place . When you 're ready to get out of the car you simply retract the cable and it hangs nicely out of the way . I would definitely recommend this to anyone .
 So far this is working well . I mostly use it in conjunction with the Trent batery charger , and keep this cord in the Trents small carry bag.I use an Otterbox Defender case and the Defenders charging port access is to narow to accept this without filing down the first 1/8 '' of length of the right & left sides a bit less than 1/8 '' deep , mostly or almost exclusively rounding the corners , which I did . It still locks in place as designed , and releases with the 2 squeeze buttons on the sides.The cord on this is not heavy duty / durable so I will be careful about bending the ends and fatiguing the internal copper wires .
 i work out of my car a lot . So keeping my car clean and neat is important . Buying this was a great way to keep my car clean . And haveing the cord retract helps keep the cord out of the way when im driving . and just so u know Walmart wanted the same thing for 24 $ .
 This product does what it says it does . I had no problem with connection and it powers my ipod well . Just be careful in pulling the cording for adjustment so it does n't get tangled . Otherwise , a good product especially for the price !
 Bought this to use with my ipod and a car stereo that has a usb input . It works perfectly . it 's light and easy to store . One slight complaint might be that the fully-extended chord is n't that long , but it met my needs .
 I bought this to keep in my car for my iPod 5th Gen and really like it . It extends and retracts easily . It 's construction and durability are good although you should treat it gently like any cable retractor . Connects with my in-dash radio USB connection and avoids wire straggling on the seat , floor or in various crevices in the console . Very pleased for this price .
 This works well in small spaces and recoils itself to minimize its impact . Terrific design !
 It works as intended ; although I do n't have a lot of confidence in its durability/longevity . The phone end might not work with all iPhone cases . It did not fit with the Otterbox Defender case.For the price and compact size , I 'd get it again .
 Take it anywhere without having a cord to get tangled up and wadded up . I love it . Fits in my pocket .
 They do what is expected of them and were not expensive . The retention clip is somewhat problematic to unlock .
 Good price , fast shipping , and works well . I 'm using this to hook up my blu-ray player to the internet for streaming movies , etc. .
 I 'm using this cable to stream video from my D-Link NAS to my ASUS O!Play via a Linksys router and Linksys switch . It sends 1080p video with no problems or glitches . I also use another one to send the files from my PC to the NAS , and again there are no issues . I have no complaints with this cable.Also , I work a block away from a Fry 's store and I think they charge at least double for a similar CAT6 cable .
 If you are a label lover , these are for you ! Fancy , decorative and long lasting . Sure to be noticed . Get a variety . . Organize your life and stop looking for things you ca n't find !
 I am comparing this speaker system with my old Altec Lansing ACS340 system . The first thing that I noted is that it 's as easy to set up as my old system . The most obvious sound difference is in the subwoofer . There is solid deep bass without the flabby boom of lesser subwoofers , such as in my ACS340 . These will also get loud without sounding strained . The mids are less forward and more natural . The highs are present without sounding artificial . Now do n't get me wrong . These are not as good as Polk Audio LS series speakers , but for a budget computer system these are awesome . I do n't know about the newer Soundstick IIIs with their clear acrylic led lit frames , but these rock my world . Any upgrading will be years from now for me . Peace.Dave
 I 've got ta say that this is an EXCELLENT product for the price . I 've been a musician for 25 years and I know quality sound , and the sound quality of this product is first rate . For those of you getting poor quality sound try CLEANING your tape deck head unit . I know good sound and the clarity is just a tad bit below my CD player . Both units of which are connected in tandem with the same head unit in my F250 Super Duty . I 've got 2 kicker 12 '' subs , a hyphonics 1000 W amp and alpine tweets and like I said the sound is excellent for the price . For those of you that rate this product as poor , you should seriously look at your audio system and maybe spend a few bucks and get a head cleaner , or a new system all together .
 Our Business owns 2 Bluettoth Access Points . The AXIS model and a unit from Red-M . The AXIS model works great , but requires you to manually set the IP address of the AP by entering the MAC address using Ping on the command line . This could be made a little easier , by having a USB interface as the Red-M unit does.After obtaining the IP address of the Access Point , you use a simple web interface for configuration ... very easy . Many of our staff have Pocket PCs and they really find it convenient to use Bluetooth and our Access Points .
 Yes , it works great.I tried several of them and theyall work . Stick to Black ; it looksnatural and better . I ordered Red coloralso , it works but the color does not look right.That 's a matter of aesthetics , but the product itselfis good .
 Great product , will defiantly buy again . Black on yellow is very easy to read , and the labels are very sticky , I have n't found anything they wo n't stick to ...
 The yellow color stands out better than any other . I only wish I could get it in quarter inch too .
 Brother TZ tapes are the most reliable and durable label tapes we 've used . Generic ones just do n't cut it .1 / 2-inch is our most used size.The Yellow really stands out .
 You might be wondering
 The mid and high range frequencies are reproduced with incredable clarity . You will hear the music as heard in the recording studios . That is to say ; you will hear every instrument clearly and distinctly , without any distortion or blending . The base is also tight and adequate for anyone living in an apartment or condo . Any more and you may get kicked out . You can also get a great deal since this speaker is discontinued . I bought mine for less than $ 240 for the pair at amazon 's z-shop . These speakers give the same incredable performance when watching DVD 's . While BOSE has become popular , these JBL 's definately outperforms similarly priced 3 way bose speakers . Remember , 3-ways do n't neccesarily sound better than 2-way speakers . The fit , finish and quality of material is unmatched .
 I just bought these to use as my main speakers with my Kenwood receiver . Let me tell you , these speakers sound great ! I use them for both music and for Home Theater . There is NO other speakers that sound better in this price range . I 've had these speakers for about 4 days , and they sound better and better every day . These little speakers even have great bass ! Once I save up enough money I 'm going to buy the JBL S38 's and move the S26 's to the surrounds . You need to buy these speakers !
 I Purchased these as rear speakers to complete surround sound set.I had no idea that they would sound sooo nice!They have a wonderful range of response and the resolution is great ! After plugging them in , I ended up routing all power just to them and listening to a full symphony from my rear speakers!Solid as tanks and outstanding performers !
 i just baught a pair og these babies , and let me tell you ... . my nieghbors -LRB- the ones 20 miles into town -RRB- have never heard such good tunes .
 The application that I am using this on is not your standard server type of application . I needed to replace the motherboard on an Intellex Ultra -LRB- commercial dvr for a camera system -RRB- . The motherboard powered up and started , but there were incompatibility issues with my system . This board had a Google Mini bios on it and it did not like my configuration . I swapped bios chips from the bad motherboard and it loaded fine.The reason for the 4 stars is because of the bios . I think that in most circumstances that the board would work fine , but is the Google Mini bios a factory bios or something the seller requested extra?Either way the board worked and I am happy I saved a lot of money .
 I was looking for a small hard case to carry my Panasonic DVX100B camera . This fit the bill . Delivery was as scheduled and I was certainly pleased with the reasonable price .
 Case is a perfect fit for my DVC30 , along with a battery charger , a couple of extra batteries , lens cleaning kit and some other accessories . There are n't any type of instructions or a reference guide included -LRB- it 's just the case in a plastic bag -RRB- , but it was easy enough to figure out . This case would probably fit a GL2 or any smaller prosumer or consumer camera . Probably not big enough to fit something like the DVX-100 or Sony FX1.I gave this item 4 stars , instead of 5 , because the case seems to be made out of somewhat cheap material .
 OK . . maybe this was n't specifically for the Panasonic DVC-30 like it was advertised , but my camera and all the gear -LRB- even my ATR-55 Mic -RRB- fits in it like a glove after I set it up like I wanted it . Sure it does n't come with a instruction book , but it 's pretty self-explanitory how to pop out the foam in the shapes you want ... I looked at similiar cases 3 or 4 times the cost of this one . Even getting robbed by the pirates at UPS for an extra $ 37 -LRB- on top of the $ 17 I paid them for shipping it -RRB- , it was still well worth it !
 I love this case . I have the Panasonic DVX-100b and I have to say this is a very reliable consumer made case . The locks on it come with two keys so I put one on my key-chain and have the other one stashed away . It comes with the strap and everything . The foam inside it also has a grid cut into it so you can choose which pieces to pull out so you can form a shape to whatever camera you have . Great product , really enjoy it !
 I just picked up a used set of JBL S38 speakers . The 'S ' refers to these speakers being in JBL 's ` Studio ' line back in the early to mid 2000 's -- basically modeled after their more expensive studio monitor speakers that are found in recording studios . They have been out of production for several years . The studio line incorporates 8 '' woofers with cast aluminum frames for ridigity and supposedly more accurate bass.I actually sampled S38 's back in 2002-2003 when shopping around for new speakers . I listened to about every speaker I could find . The reviews at the time put these speakers ahead of the competition and I concur . I felt they were the best of all those I listened to when paired against Klipsch , Polks , Yamaha , Sony and others I tested agains . I did n't forget them . At that time , though , I did n't want to spend the extra dough and settled for a set of JBL S26II 's , 61/2 '' bookshelf speakers in cherry finish , also from the `` Studio '' line , which I thought were the best sounding speakers in the 6 '' bookshelf format , especially when paired with a subwoofer -LRB- and gorgeous looking too -RRB- . But these S38 's are a noticable step up . When comparing side by side , the bass on the S38 's is noticably deeper , more accurate , not ` boomy ' or fatiguing to the ear . Probably the best bass for bookshelf speakers I 've heard . You may not need a subwoofer , at least for listening to music , unless you really want throbbing bass -LRB- like for movies -RRB- . The mids are well defined and the overall imaging is very clear and warm . I think these are the best bookshelf speakers I 've heard . Not only that , but in light Beech woodgrain with copper colored driver cones , my wife thinks they are quite attractive , which I have to agree . They really stand out from other speakers . Something else too
 I got 2 pairs of these , along with the S-Center , for my home theater system , and they just sound great ! I especially like the Beech color . Just be aware , they are pretty big for bookshelves , and if you use them as surround speakers , make sure you have some pretty sturdy stands .
 I wish to take a moment to giggle in glee over my new speakers.Heeheehee.My good pal Greg bought a pair of the hideous beech version of these speakers and he was getting all showy with them because , well , we all could n't help oohing and aahing over the glorious surround sound he has achieved in his room . Fortunately , I came on Amazon.com and found that these really cool looking black versions were available , so I trapsed out and purchased me a couple of sets . Two around the bed , one by the door , one on the shelf , and BAM ! we 're rolling . And now I giggle , for Greg is as jealous as can be , because his speakers look like dirty cinder blocks and mine look like Monaco headlights.Don ' t be a freak , give in to your inner geek ! Once you go black , you ai n't never going to go back . Now , excuse me while I go listen to my Jai Uttal and gloat . Hahaha !
 I searched for months for the right speakers at the right price . These are it . -LRB- You can get them cheaper elsewhere -RRB- . The JBL S38 speakers are perfect for home theater , with warm mids , decent bass and crisp highs . I 'm still looking for some decent stands , though . They are large for bookshelf speakers , and not light . Get the beech . They are more attractive , which is especially important if you have a wife.Ideally , I will add a JBL PB12 subwoofer at some point , but movies sound great even without a subwoofer with these babies.One warning
 I know someone who has the Bose 301 Direct/Reflecting speakers and the JBL 's put the Bose to shame . I have heard speakers that have cost up to $ 5,000 and I honestly believe these sound very similar . I bought the beech series and like them a lot more then the black ones due to the fact the wood blends well with the woofers and the cast-aluminum frames . These are a must buy for anyone who is looking high quality pair of bookshelf speakers that do n't cost as much as a KIA .
 First time i saw them i fell enlove with their design . First time i heard them i just could n't believe the perfect sound i was hearing . These are not very big speakers , but they have a very powerful sound -LRB- mostly the bass -RRB- . I highly recommend it . YOU JUST WONT REGRET IT YOU BUY IT ! AND THE PRICE IS REALLY SMALL FOR SUCH A PAIR OF SPEAKERS .
 Although they are a bit larger than I wanted , the sound from these speakers is the best I have heard . Extremely clear at high or low volume for Coltrane or Zeppelin . I sat for hours in front of them slipping in CD after CD and marvelled at the clarity and depth . They also sound great from other rooms -- they virtually fill space with sound . This is definitely one of the best buys you can make in a bookshelf speaker . They out-Bose Bose by a long shot and the price is truly incredible for this quality .
 In looking for audio equipment you should seek companies that produce professional gear . On those the home line always benefits from the improved technology in the professional line . Whereas home users dedicated companies -LRB- Bose -RRB- usually work mostly in reducing the size and changing the colors ... JBL is in the sound industry since 1927 . 9 out of 10 live concerts I 've attended were using JBL speakers . And Studios all over the world select JBL as the reference speaker of preference.I 'm a music passionate for over 30 years , and I 've listened to many many speakers . JBL is my preferred choice due to the sound quality , price and durability.The S38 is a small 3 way vented box , well designed and good looking . It has a big WAF score -LRB- Wife Acceptance Factor -RRB- . The box may sound boomy depending on the proximity of the wall , and in my opinion it lacks a bit of high -LRB- tweeter -RRB- volume . Still , it has a fantastic sound way better than any box hundreds of dollars above its price . -LRB- Check Harman audio store at eBay for a good deal on those -RRB- . One thing I 've found along the years as a quality measure is that if you do n't realize you are listening to music a bit too loud until someone else complains about it -LRB- like your wife -RRB- , you can be sure you have a dam good set of speaker -LRB- or a terrible ear -RRB- . Those speakers will keep a smooth and pleasant listening experience , even in loud sessions , and your ears will not get tiered or irritated as when you listen to bad speakers.Of course there are better deals out there -LRB- Even JBL has better speakers , but if you are willing to pay considerable more $ $ $ for a unit -RRB- , but in this price range , nothing beats the S38.And of course , go check them on a store . I 'm positive those will be your speakers of choice . I have them for 2 years now and still love them . Of course now I 'm looking on a ribbon tweeter speakers like the ADAM , but I need to work out a plan to bend my wife into accepting the fact that a $ 2000 speaker is a matter or life or death for me . Well , I may have to stick to the JBLs for a bit more . But hopefully those will still be an awesome set of speakers .
 These speakers are worth looking into.I have my set on speaker stands.They are the main left and right speakes of my AV system.They look good and sound good.I use them along with the JBL S-center . I have S-26 for the rear along with two Infinity Interlude il100 subwoofers .
 I currently own one pair as part of my A/V system and will be purchasing another pair as soon as I have the dough so that I will have 360 degress of total , blissful sound . These speakers as surrounds really bring any movie to full and rich life , and they also sound great when playing cd 's . You ca n't go wrong by purchasing a pair of these speakers , the price is great and as others have stated you would have to spend much more to find as good or better speakers than these .
 I 've had these for 5 years now , and I 'm still in love with them . I have the cherry cabinets , and they are sitting atop plaster pedistals for stands . The S-center sits in between , and S-36 in the rear . Paradigm subwoofer with cherry finish matches these almost exactly.I compared these side-by-side with Paradigm bookshelf speakers of their higher design , and I am very pleased with my decision.You see , all speakers have their own sound . None are perfectly true throughout their freq range , each having its own sound qualities . But it is JBL speakers that are used in recording studios . You 've seen video clips where the guys are sitting behind soundproof glass , listening to speakers , adjusting the mixer board ? They set the sound qualities to perfection , and that is the final product pressed to CD . They are setting them based on JBL 's sound . To hear the same thing in your home , you have to also use JBL speakers . Anything else will produce subtle differences from what the studio recording artists created . Even $ 10,000 speakers will `` color '' the sound . They mix to JBL . You need JBL at home to reproduce the same sound . Period.The S-38 is modeled directly after their top studio model . They use similar parts and technology . They even look similar!Also , most movie theaters and concerts use JBL.It is just silly to buy anything else , in my opinion.But that is just a Appeal to Authority , pointing toward the company 's unquestioned dominance in professional equipment . My own experience is overwhelmingly positive . While even JBL sells `` better speakers , '' I can report that I have never heard speakers that I thought were significantly better . I listened to a pair of $ 10,000 Martin Logan electrostats , and I was n't particularly impressed after hearing my sub - $ 1,000 JBLs for years . Did n't sound much different , except that there was no bass!I absolutely love these speakers . If you can find them , just get them .
 These are great looking and more importantly SOUNDING speakers.The studio series from JBL is based on the same technology used in most every reputable recording studio in the world . You ca n't go wrong with these S38-BE . I had to let go of my S312 -LRB- floor standing model -RRB- , but did n't miss a beat when down-grading to the S38s . Great , clean sound ... Faithful reproduction . Just get the sub if you need to feel your floor quake from greater bass . These speakers do exactly what they were meant to do , and do it beautifully.What more can you ask for ? Still love 'em after all these years !
 I know someone who has the Bose 301 Direct/Reflecting speakers and the JBL 's put the Bose to shame . I have heard speakers that have cost up to $ 5,000 and I honestly believe these sound very similar . I bought the beech series and like them a lot more then the black ones due to the fact the wood blends well with the woofers and the cast-aluminum frames . These are a must buy for anyone who is looking high quality pair of bookshelf speakers that do n't cost as much as a KIA .
 Love them for scrapbooking and making labels for other items . The black on clear makes them look so neat . Will buy more in the future .
 My label maker ran out ions ago and had been sitting in a drawer in my desk . I discovered it again and looked on amazon for replacement label tape . Great price and shipped quickly .
 I use them to label my spray bottles , boxes and many others things and they have yet to fall off . Perfect so far and only $ 5 & change , I first started using the paper labels on my collectible magazine/comics & I was so impressed after 8/10 years they have yet to peel off.I only which the rolls would be longer maybe 18/20 feet .
 I looked several locations for this label . This is the only plastic label I could find . Everything else was paper . I received these before the expected date . They are fantastic .
 If you want a label that is going to last , this is the type to get . You can also get the paper style label tape but the plastic is much more durable and is more resistant to dirt . Also easier to keep clean .
 We use these to label plastic bottles of frozen expressed breastmilk with the date they were pumped . We used to useDymo 10697 1/2in X 13ft Letratag White Paper Tape -LRB- 2-Tapes -RRB- , but it was a pain to scrape off with mour fingernails and frequently did n't come off cleanly -LRB- especially after getting wet from boiling in water to defrost the milk -RRB- . This product peels off easily and cleanly , but after we boil the labeled bottles , the labels turn brown and fall off . Because we rarely have more than one bottle in circulation , we do n't really need to know the date once the bottle 's been defrosted , so we still prefer this plastic tape to the paper tape we were using before .
 Dymo have a similar excellent product -LRB- which appears to be discontinued -RRB- , item 91201 . Either 201 or 331 lasts a long time for household use but you will need several canisters if you are doing a big labelling job e.g. the IT outlet points in an office building . The big thing to watch , whether you buy 331 or 201 is that Amazon refuses to ship to many overseas addresses , which in my opinion makes Amazon look foolish - if you are outside US but have a US mailing address you will have no problem .
 This Dymo LetraTag labeling tape is perfect for making the black text stand out . If I use one of the larger fonts on my LetraTag label maker , I can see the type from across the room . That is very handy to identify items or if an item is on a shelf , where it might otherwise be difficult to view.I like the background because there are not many packages or other items that have this shade as their background . That makes these labels standout . They are easy to identify as something I have labeled . And I label everything , from the contents of a cabinet shelf , to boxes and bins I do not want to open -LRB- pre-label , I would have opened a bin 15 times to determine its contents - no longer -RRB- , to file folders , to the back of all my electronics in case I lose one . And that is just the tip of the iceberg.These labels are easy to apply , the rear of each labels backing is split in two so it is effortless . If I need to trim a label , I peel away the backing first and then use a pair of scissors to trim up without the backing . I found that if I kept trimming the labels with the backing on , I could not find the `` split '' on the back of my labels trimmed . Since cutting most labels is quick and easy , trimming with the back off does not deter from the adhesiveness of the label.I have had no problem with these Dymo labels adhering to any surface . And the labels hold firmly in place , regardless of temperature variations . I use a lot of this LetraTag tape , and I have found Amazon 's price to be the best . On all variations of the LetraTag tape , their price is always the lowest .
 I have an older model DYMO labeler and use it for lots of things -LRB- I 've nearly killed it , so it will be time to buy another one soon -RRB- . This tape is easy to load and use and cheaper than Walmart .
 Got it in a very timely manner . Love being able to label various items , wish that it was dish washer resistant , or at least lasted longer from washing .
 I bought this tape to replace the empty tape in my Dymo label printer , and the results were initially highly disappointing . The letters were extremely faint and vertical lines were entirely absent . I assumed this was a problem with the tape since the last tape had worked fine . However , a comment on an earlier version of this review suggested replacing the printer 's batteries , and that entirely fixed the problem.So , the product works as it should . If it does n't print well for you , try replacing your batteries , especially if you use it infrequently , as I do.The labels are n't quite as sticky as I 'd like them to be , as others have noted . I 've found them especially troublesome on plastic surfaces .
 The plastic labels are transparent and I find them useful to label glass containers , the back peels off easily also .
 I really ca n't live without my Letra-Tag ; I use it for absolutely everything . In addition , it is very affordable . it 's the greatest !
 High quality labeling tape . It comes in many different colors and it sticks well . However , I used it on textbook covers and I wa able to peel it off without a lot fo sticky stuff left .
 The letters are always clear . This tape seems to stick better than the paper version , so I usually grab this one even though it costs more than the paper .
 My Girl has a label machine , and loves using it . these are quality replacement rolls . I would recommend to anyone .
 I personally do n't see any problem with this product . It is easy to put in a new cartrige and to take on out . However the cartridges do seem a little expensive , but they last pretty long . I 've never had one jam yet either .
 I have the DYMO Letra Tag Label maker and I love it . I have one at work and one at home . Excellent purchase for being the organized person that I am .
 I really ca n't live without my Letra-Tag ; I use it for absolutely everything
 The yellow plastic tape is essential if you have a DYMO Letratag Labelmaker of this size.The plastic tape is far superior to the paper tape . The metallic tape is OK , but for most household and office uses , the plastic is best . Furthermore , the yellow is easy to read.A previous reviewer complained about not being able to obtain this during the Christmas season , but that fails to accurately critique the product .
 I have done a lot of canning this season . This DYMO labeling tape works great for this . -LRB- used with DYMO labeler -RRB- . Can read the jar labels clearly and quickly .
 This cartridge is great for what I use it for . I was setting up my craft room and most of my scrapbook organizers are white so using the clear background with the black lettering stood out great . Plus it 's great for journaling in scrapbooks too . I 'm still on my first cartridge so it seems to last as well .
 Black letters on white background are clear dense and sharp . Despite the the complaints of other reviewers , I have not had problems with print quality , sticking to smooth surfaces -LRB- glass spice bottles , metal surfaces , etc -RRB- . You ca n't beat the price with Amazon Prime , under $ 5.50 to your door in two days . Dymo has always been the gold standard in label machines since I was in elementary school in the early 1960s and we had the manual `` label embosser '' machine . Very pleased .
 These labels are extremely useful and durable , the only drawback is length of tape when you 're working on printing out quite a few labels.I label everything that needs it in my reference guides , so I run out often during my studies . . The Quality and Adhesive is top notch!I would recommend this product to anyone looking for labeling ideas.Hope that helps you with your purchasing decisionThanks for Reading !
 This is an ok tape . I prefer not to use the see through tape , though that works just as well . I have used the dymo letra for about two years and I have noticed that after this time , it only prints half of the letters ... it might be the batteries need to be replaced , but one letra that I bought , though I replaced the batteries I still had the same problems ... but it is great when it works right .
 will be ordering more of these in future . great seller & service . fast delviery . thanks
 I love my labelmaker . Ever since the moth invasion of 2006 , is has been essential to food security . The only problem has been the expense of the tape ! Save money and order this stuff in bulk . If I had bought these at the grocery store I would have paid much more for the exact same thing .
 This is officially compatible with DYMO 's : - LabelManager 350 , 450 , PCII - LabelPoint 350 - LabelWriter DUOBut it works just fine with the DYMO LabelManager 360D which is not on the list.On this cassette , the tape needed a little bit of ` priming ' - had to manually pull about one inch out before anything could come out but all was flawless after that . The output is the expected ultra-crisp black on white and , according to the maker , the nylon base should make the labels stick perfectly to curved surfaces . In ` real life ' the labels stickiness do meet my standards but I 'll have to live with at least some air bubbles when applying them on curved objects.Overall ... nice labels.Made in Belgium .
 This labeling tape is pretty good , and it is darn near impossible to screw it up
 I would recommend this to all . Purchased several months ago . Not one problem ! Great battery life , easy to use , no need to replace ink .
 Dymo is probably the only product i 'll ever use.The king of labels . You ca n't go wrong with the best.easy to load system , anyone can use it .
 I bought these on a whim in a closeout store about 6 months ago . I checked them quickly at the store to see if the optics were okay and aligned properly for focusing over the range of the zoom . When I got them home I checked them for daytime distance viewing from our back deck . The optics were better than I expected and the focus was good through about 25x . The controls are n't as silky smooth as high-end binoculars , but not bad for $ 29 . My biggest complaint is that there 's no tripod mounting provision , which would be quite welcome . They 're not real heavy , so using them strictly as hand-held is not too bad . If you are considering , I would recommend trying them in a store to make sure that you do n't have a collimation problem as experienced by another reviewer .
 I recently received my Barska binoculars . Some of the reviews here have been somewhat negative , but I must say I have no complaints . The binoculars are properly aligned and the view quality is at least as good as I would expect at this price point . It 's quite good , really . The focusing mechanism works smoothly , and if I had to find something to complain about , I might say that it is a little too easy to move . -- If you press against the eyecups slightly , the focus will change , but this happens with lots of binoculars I have used . It 's a very minor point.The zoom works well , tho ' you 'll want to get a tripod & adapter for anything over 15x - 20x as it 's difficult to remain steady enough for comfortable viewing at higher magnification . Zooming will require re-focusing . This does n't bother me , not for $ 42.00 . If I 'd spent $ 400 , it 'd be another story . Brightness is down a bit at maximum power , but again that is normal and to be expected as the effective aperture is reduced as you zoom in.I give them 4 out of 5 stars just on the product itself . When also considering the low price , it 's 5 stars .
 I do n't think you can get better for the money . We were extremely pleased with this purchase . Focussing at maximum zoom was n't quite 100 % perfect but close enough .
 These are awesome . Never had a nicer pair of binoculars . Thought the price was to good to be true , but I was wrong . Buy them if you can afford it . You will get your moneys worth .
 I read many of the reviews here and was a little hesitant to make the purchase . . but finally decided to give it a try . I find it to be good quality . Out of the box , I had no issues or double-vision as some of the other reviewers described . I expected it after reading the reviews and being that I have an astigmatism but was pleasantly surprised to have no issues at all . It is heavy but not bothersome for me . I find it difficult to keep steady when zoomed in all the way but I think that would be an issue with just about any pair of binoculars . For that reason , I 'm going to get mini tripods for it and set that up for stargazing . It comes with a case that is not of such high quality but will do . Neck strap is not super either . Other issue was the manual referenced out-dated website links . . which is just laziness from Barska but was able to get around it with by Googling for links -LRB- warranty registration and etc -RRB- . Overall , I would recommend these binoculars for beginners like myself . I have been using it pretty much every night this week since we 've had clear skies and I find it to be a great deal for the quality vs. price . Would get 5 stars if the case was leather or better quality accessories -LRB- lens covers and strap -RRB- and manuals was up2date .
 I like the Barska binocular 's . I purchased them to spot ships and tows approaching my job on a ferryboat . The veiw is good at medium to long distances , but often hard to focus at close and very far distances . Close distance is anything under 20 yards and far is anything over half a mile . They are used to read the names of the vessels approaching us . The lettering is usually 8 '' -LRB- tows -RRB- to over 2ft . -LRB- ships -RRB- in height.I ended up getting another pair for a co-worker and had the same problem with that pair and actually had to exchange it for another pair the focus was so bad . Overall I rate these as very good since I do n't need to see anything under 20 yards with them and my max distance is under half a mile for reading the names of the vessels .
 I purchased the Gladiator Zoom 10-30x-60 binoculars on a Monday after finding a great price -LRB- $ 29 -RRB- and reading some reviews . The reviews seemed good except for the `` double vision '' problems . I received the binoculars Friday and promptly tested them out . I was unfortunate enough to have a pair with a double vision problem ... a 2nd image up and to the left it seemed . I played with the focus and could n't correct it so I contacted Barska support . It was near closing time for them and a rep named Sandra told me it 's a common , easily fixed problem . She sent me a . pdf on how to collimate my binoculars . It required a tiny set of jewelers tools that I had to buy the next day and after tweaking with the alignments i was able to get the images aligned vertically , but there still is a double image side-by-side . I got it so that at 10x the image merge without much of a problem , but at the higher zooms the images stay in place . I 've written Barska to see what else I could do 2 days ago and they have yet to respond . Also I am now receiving junk email in the email address that I had given them to send the instructions.Overall the optics are great , The images are clear at 10x , and for zoomed in images using 1 eyepiece works fine . For the $ 29 price tag I think I got what I paid for but it 's not worth the hassle of trying to return , paying shipping fees etc to get a different pair . Just do n't give Barska an email address you use regularly .
 This is not the best binoculars on the market but for the price I say they are ok . My first set had a bad case of double vision and the seller made good on the product with out a hassle -LRB- Boating Saving.com -RRB- . The second set of binoculars were much better and worked fine . If it was n't for the seller standing behind their sale -LRB- Boating Saving.com -RRB- I would not have given such a high rating .
 This product was quickly delivered and my husband really likes them . We live on a lake and have woods so they 're fun for our occasional use for watching birds and boats . They are large and a little heavy for me , but my husband is really pleased with them .
 I bought these binoculars because the price was right for the specifications . I was a bit concerned with some of the other reviews about the double vision but bought them anyway . Received them and sure enough there was double vision but I assure you , FEAR NOT ! . They just need to be collimated which is super easy . It took me 5 minutes to do after reading this quick tutorial at -LSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RSB- . All you 'll need is a tiny flat head screwdriver . The adjustment screws are in the exact same spots as in the picture in the tutorial photo . People who say this needs to be done professionally and pay a bunch of money do n't know what they are talking about . It is unfortunate some people had to go through the trouble of returning these because they are a great pair of binoculars for the money .
 Very happy with this product . Binoculars are very durable and I was very happy that they come in a sturdy case which made it easy for traveling . Brought them to New Zealand and these were perfect for our sightseeing/hiking .
 Whether you 're just nosey or you are concerned about the safety of your neighborhood these will give you the close-up answers to those far away questions that drift in and out of where you and your family call HOME ! Get active about the conditions of life in and around you .
 i like this product , clear vision , excellent cage and compared with other this is the best that i saw in amazon
 I like it but the problem is the nob which is doing the the zooming from 10X to 30X is not reliable It could break easily
 We live in the country and have wildlife running behind our home . Husband can now see all the animals and he recently observed a bald eagle .
 for the money , ya just cant beat these binos . the strap on the case is a little cheesy , and the neck strap isnt much bigger than a shoe lace.other than that they work well .
 These work well . I bought them for navigation . They are a bit heavy and large . I also have a small set of Nikon binoculars but did n't want to leave them on-board . Nice field of view and good zoom . Great price and I did n't experience noticeable chromatic aberrations .
 Bought these for my wife for the Trace Atkins Toby Kieth concert and she loved them no problems at all .
 I just got a new View Sonic 22 '' but I forgot to write some words about my 17 '' A75s . I bought it back in 1999 and it has not given me any problems . Very dependable and ready when I am ready . I 've used with 4 PC 's so far and as far my PC 's last , my monitor is ready to go . 5 stars all the way !
 So for your small network you need a Router , 4port hub and occationally want to connect to it from on the road.this is the box you want , It will do everything other routers doplus it has a VPN SERVER that works with windows right out ofthe box . It natively support PPTP , so you do not need additional software . Beware with other VPN server like linksys you WILL need a client software it you are using windows.Negative
 I have used the Netopia R910 Ethernet router for the better part of 10 years . This is a real business class router/firewall - I 've found it perfect for the businesses I support.R910s are reliable . Over the last ten years I 've deployed perhaps 150 of these devices . I have had exactly two fail during that time . The units stay up as well - I ca n't remember the last time a R910 locked up or otherwise stopped working.The R910 supports VPNs , both site to site and remote access by client using all of the popular protocols - PPTP , ATMP , etc. . The unit is also quite secure - built in network address translation , port address translation , stateful inspection , etc.One configures the unit via Telnet , not a web browser . Some see this as a weakness ; I see it as a strength.I have yet to find a router/firewall as good as the R910 in its price range .
 I owned a Linksys router and started looking at other brands because it was becoming clear a consumer level router would not perform as I wanted . The Linksys would tend to crash when handling multiple fast download streams , and the throughput rate decreased . I believed something designed for an office with multiple users would work better for me . I was right , and after I configured the Netopia I was downloading faster and more stably.To set up this router and in some cases to change settings you must be a reasonably sophisticated home user . Someone who runs Linux as one of his operating systems would fit the bill . You ca n't configure it via a web interface and browser ; you need to telnet to it with a terminal program and page through its DOS-type menus . This is not to say that it or its technology is in any way antiquated - probably they simply realized they could never offer the R-910 's wide array of features without considerable work to create dozens and dozens of menus . Consequently you look up some scripting examples on the net and modify them to accomplish your wishes . The programming language is not as powerful as IOS but it 's easier to use ; and if all you want is to connect it to your modem and run four cables to your workstations , you 'll probably find it configures itself . When on one occasion I had a slight problem it was very easy to reach someone with useful and specific troubleshooting suggestions.I 've heard this router 's throughput maxes out at about 15 Mb per second , but that 's faster than my Comcast ISP , so if that is in fact a limitation , it has caused me no trouble . You might want to consider whether that limitation would be acceptable if you have something like FiOS.This is a good solid product that will work for you trouble-free for many years .
 nobody does broadband access better than Netopia . that is because of their products and their USA based tech and customer support . in this day of ` disposable ' equipment , Netopia keeps on producing the best in class and helping with upgrades and support too .
 I 've been using these magnets in device designs for my experiments in conjunction with Arduino . It 's a really powerful magnet , and sticks pretty well even at lower Voltages + Amps than which it 's rated for -LRB- 12V -RRB- . I 've been powering these @ ~ 5V 40mA with Arduino and it 's not the strongest stick , but still does and can hold a few pounds . Great little lock . I ca n't say much for the mounting bracket it comes with -LRB- it 's really meant for doors -RRB- . I ended up just mounting the magnets with epoxy , which worked fine .
 This is a good electromagnet as long as you use it properly.I fiddled with it for about three hours just to figure out it had a weak connection because the surfaces would not sit flat with each other . IT MUST BE 100 % FLAT TO WORK . The surface was not sitting flat because the screw that holds the armature plate to the sexbolt comes out just a bit . You need to make sure the surfaces are pressed against each other hard enough for them to grab correctly otherwise it 's easy to pull apart.ALSO , if you were like me and looked at the image to get the voltages and amperage , Note that the unit might come in with other specs . For example , I received one that runs at 60mA@12VDC -LRB- regular 80lbs -RRB- OR 120mA@24VDC -LRB- which the instructions says holds 110lbs -RRB- . The extra poundage was a nice surprise since I was expecting just 80lbs campacity.I would have liked to see a more secure-able mounting . Which I ca n't really criticize since the door would come open at 80lbs if someone was forcing it open anyway .
 The tape is clean looking , prints up nice & stays where you put it . I use it on anything that I want to put the name on . For one spice jars . Files etc. .
 I have been using Dymo labelers since the 1970 's . They have changed a bit over the years . Now everything is electronic and computerized to some degree . Well , these labels are perfect for any application that requires identification . I highly recommend these labels because they break open in the middle from the rear , making them a `` snap '' to apply .
 This is the same label tape that is available at office supply stores -LRB- Staples , Office Depot , Office Max , etc. -RRB- . The tape is fine and it cheaper to get it from Amazon .
 Purchased this through Amazon and got it in three days . Easy to use and it 's a breeze to change the cartridge . Be sure to order an extra cartridge because the one sent in the machine does n't last long . I have been organizing my bathrooms and the office and this labeler has been great !
 Works fine . No problems . Same as the tape that came with the printer but much longer . Easy to peel . Most importantly Amazon 's price is six dollars less then my local box store . Now that deserves five stars !
 DYMO Labeling Tape , D1 , Split Back , adhesive , Easy Peel , '' x 23 ' , -LRB- 45013 -RRB- , Black Print on White Tape . I purchased this to use with my new Dymo Label-er . It works very well with it . It was shipped very quickly . I am pleased with my purchase .
 dymo tapes were well packaged and delivered before stipulated , so i got ta say amazon 's service this time was flawless and outstanding ! thanks
 Tapes worked great , Easy to load and backing paper peeled easily . Too bad printer was junk after 3 months .
 It 's sticky tape that you can print words on . It fulfills that humble assertion fantastically.White letters on black tape was a bit of a surprise , but it looks good and different .
 I was searching at a few stores and sites for the replacement Dymo tape and in some instances it almost paid to buy a whole new machine . I saw that Amazon sold the replacement cartriges for less than other store . I love Amazon and with free shipping you ca n't go wrong .
 The DYMO D1 labeling tape fit my Dymo Labelmanager Pnp Printer perfectly . I like the looks of the labels and so far they stick very well in the applications I have found for them . The tape seems a bit pricy , but not out of line with any other label maker tape .
 Although my ordering of this product was totally accidental I decided to keep it since it is such a wonderful product . I just will not run out of tape for quite a while . I would highly recommend this product and remember the most expensive label makers are not necessarily the best.2-16-2012I did not open this product right away but when I did I found the incorrect item had been sent not just by one company but two ; neither of which are Amazon.com . I have actually stopped doing business with one company because they would not allow me to return the item .
 At last Dymo heard the complaints and changed the back of their tape cartridges . The tape backing is now split lengthwise down the back , so it 's a piece of cake to flex the tape and remove the backing.They 're still a little expensive , but in lots of searching , Amazon had the best price .
 This labeling tape is pretty good , and it is darn near impossible to screw it up
 It 's beeen a good 15 years since I had to buy labeling tape for my DYMO pocket . The one thing I hated about the tape was how hard it was to peel the backing strip off , so you can imagine my surprise when I was able to fold the label in half lengthways -LRB- just a little is all that 's needed -RRB- and the backing strip easily came away in two pieces . Well done DYMO !
 I have been using the Dymo tape for years . I love the way it looks on boxes and packages that I label to store my crafts . It prints out very clear and looks professional . This tape is exactly what I want for my purpose . Thank you for a great product .
 I got my order today that had 5 cassettes for my DYMO Hand Held printer today . What a great buy and fast shipment from Adorama . I bought this at Walmart and could not find the refills until I hit Amazon.com . This is better than going to Walmart and alot cheaper !!
 I 'm from Canada and label tape here is double the price I paid for this . Great price for good label tape !
 Could n't find this tape locally , ordered thru Amazon , they had the best price . Was delivered quickly and as ordered . Would order again when needed .
 The Product does what it is suppose to . But , the best , absolutely , the best is when you can save 50 % off the retail price . You ca n't go wrong .
 I have used the DYMO Labeling Tape for quite a while , it works . I have used it to identify soaps in a shower , no direct water but moisture is present and they have not come off . The labels I have put on drawers and boxes in my garage and tool shed 4 years ago are still as bright and have not loosened in over 5 years . The cost of these tapes were half of what I would have paid at the office store where I purchased a two labelers for my grandsons .
 These labels are easy to use . They have two stripes on the back for easy take off . Plus they dry quickly and are nice and sticky .
 Very good product , a lot of color choices , many , many uses . Excellent price online , half the price of local stores , will buy again .
 It arrived right on time . We used it right away & would order again . The cost per labrl is inexpensive .
 I only wish the label maker itself had better directions on how to install and set up for the various widths of tape available . But that is no fault of the replacement tape itself . The lengthwise split in the backing makes removal of the backing VERY easy . Additionally , it allows the user to stick the label on across only one half of the label first to make sure it 's straight and get out any bubbles or creases - then remove the other half of the backing to smooth the label on the rest of the way . Very good design .
 What can you say about labeling tape . It fits my Dymo labeler -LRB- of course -RRB- and makes labels . If that is what you are looking for , you wo n't be disappointed . Good price on Amazon .
 I do some burning sometimes and want it to look professional . I found this to be a cheap alternative for general labeling since I do n't do it a lot . I would recommend it to anyone looking to label anything including CDs .
 I have been using my Dymo label maker for several months now and this tape just ca n't be beat ! The printing is great and the backing peels off very easily .
 My husband has used this product for years and has been completely satisfied with it ; hence , our order was for replacement tapes .
 This was exactly what I had ordered ... they were set at a great price and with my prime account the value is unbeatable : -RRB-
 Not much to say about this - works great , tape and ink were good quality - somewhat difficult to find as a replacement locally so I 'm glad Amazon has it . And of course , it 's a few bucks cheaper too which always makes me a happy shopper !
 be sure to increase the contrast setting of your labeller or you will be disappointed in the print quality . Even with the contrast set high there are still some minor voids in the white print . -LRB- There is a note on this in the manual for the labeller , but not on the tape box -RRB- .
 I was very pleased the way the sale was handled . I received it quicker than I expected . The price was the best that I could find from all sources . I would definitely buy from them again and reccomend to everyone .
 I could have gotten the same cartridge direct from DYMO but they were way more expensive . Very happy with this product . Fast shipping too !
 There 's not much a person can say about the cartridges . They fit theDymo D1 tapewriter and it is one good machine.Iv ' e had it for 8 yrs . now and it 's never missed a shot.Easy on batteries and quite a few options in printing available .
 Great product , I 've been using them for over five years now , but Ritz Camerareally let Me down on My order with them , so for what it 's worth order them from someone else .
 This item is incorrectly labeledDYMO White Tape / Black Print 1/2 Inch x 23 feet , D1 Style Cartridge -LRB- 45013 -RRB- . 45013 is black tape with white print . 45113 is white tape with black print .
 Works great but it is a little expensive . Getting stuff better organized is worth the cost of the labeler and the tape .
 My labeling is n't extensive . I 'm not cutting labels every day . But when I do I want to make neat labels that stay . Dymo labeling takes does it in a way very easy to use , is economical and stays put . The back peels off easily and application is nice . If I peel them off they come off clean -LRB- so far -RRB- without adhesive left behind .
 I occasionally get myself into jobs where I need to solder dozens of '' TRS plugs , and this plug is definitely my plug of choice.The plug is solid , dependable , easy to connect , and easy to reopen should you need to inspect or correct your work.I especially like the cable clamp system - you just screw on the cap and the plug grabs the cable . And , I like the fact that the cap goes on from the free end of the plug . I often label my caps , and I can actually rearrange my labels simply by swapping caps around - no re-soldering required!One word of caution
 Bushnell 675x60 Deep Space Refractor Telescopethis scope is a very good refractor telescope.i can see how some people have a hard time with the function of this scope . the optics seem to be of very good quality and the parts are made for a lifetime of use . i had absolutely no problem finding saturn and other planets as well as some deep space objects a.k.a stars etc. the scope has the capability of finding detail such as saturns rings and the polar caps of mars wich seems to be most of everybodys concerns when it comes to buying a good scope . for the price you can not find a better value than this refracting telescope.just have a little patience and make sure every thing is tightend securely and eventualy you will get the hang of it . bushnell has discontinued this model and most of their newer refractors are made of plastic only . two thumbs up for this scope and just have a little patience and you will be suprized .
 I have been looking for a case for my Ipod Classic for a long time . I went to several stores and all I found was cases for Iphones and Ipod Touches so I said to myself check Amazon.When I found this case I grabbed it . The case was perfect the Ipod fit snugly and securely . The buttons and ports are completely accessible and the kickstand is a unique bonus .
 I installed it myself -LRB- got the wiring diagrams for my car online -RRB- , and you do need to be an intermediate level electrician -LRB- shade tree mech -RRB- or higher to read the diagrams . The keyless door entry was the toughest part to install , which for the novice installer may need help from the professionals and need more parts -LRB- $ 12 door relay not included -RRB- . It took me two weekends to get the wiring right -LRB- remote start one day , door works properly in two days -RRB- . Once working , it really `` WOW ! '' me . Siren wakes the living dead . Shock sensor has great sensitivity -LRB- it can sense impact from a soft football to car -RRB- . Temperature reader is built into module , and you can push a button on the remote that has LCD to view precise temp -LRB- F or C -RRB- in car . Can be programmed to remote start if temp drops below certain temps -LRB- to keep engine from freezing -RRB- . 2nd remote has 5 buttons , 5th button is for a built in LED flashlight -LRB- almost blinding for a little thing -RRB- . Nicely made tough , carbon fiber remotes . I 've had a small problem with the remote start not working after 5 months , but Audiovox gladly replaced the module for me when I called and sent the module back . Hope the new module will last longer , and not a quality problem .
 I 'm almost afraid to do a revew this soon after install -LRB- 1 week -RRB- but so far so good . I checked locally and they wanted $ 599 installed for this unit . I purchased for $ 150 on Amazon with shipping and had Best Buy install for $ 199 . -LRB- They did a FANTASTIC job on the install . Fast and a very clean install -RRB- . The alarm works well -LRB- the buttons are a little small for open/disarm and close/disarm but this is probably to prevent accidental arm or disarm -RRB- . I really like the fact that all four doors and the liftgate in my van now unlock with one push -LRB- maybe that was the tech , but I hated having to push button repeatedly for all unlock -RRB- . The remote starter works well and the range seems good . The lcd screen is very neat . Did I lock the van and arm ? -LRB- Check fob ... yep ! -RRB- Very cool . So far no false alarms , which I 'm sure the neighbors appreciate . I 'll cross my fingers that this keeps up . If this item can keep performing this way I may buy others for other vehicles as I 'm very pleased with cost , features , and quality so far .
 This is the tape to get if you are labeling paper or cardboard items , like manila file folders , shoeboxes , or suchlike.It does NOT stick well to plastic or glass , but will start to lift & curl after a few days -LRB- depending on humidity , I suppose . -RRB- Do n't use it if you are labelling VHS cassettes or those little glass spice jars -- you need the plastic tape for those projects.I keep both kinds of labelling tape in the house , because it 's so easy to pop the cartridge in & out -- there 's no wasted tape . Get some of each !
 This white paper label makes the best labels I 've ever seen , Quick and easy .
 I used to use my labelmaker everyday of my life . It was integral to getting my work life and my home life organized . I bought tape for it all the time and used it up , then got some more and went on using . Then systems changed at work and when they did , I changed some of my organizational syles at home . The Labelmaker was no longer an extension of my right arm . In fact , it fell into disuse . I had organized most everthing , and it stayed that way.The other day , though , I needed to use the labelmaker to put a label on a few itinerant folders and I found it empty . So , I dug around in my desk drawer and came up with this labeling which is white paper with black printing . I was n't in need of being picky about the color I was using so I stuck this in the labelmaker and proceeded about my business . I got the labels made in no time at all and filed them away.Then , I had a thought out of the blue . That Labeling tape was over two years old . It has been sitting in my desk for a long time . But when , I went to use it , it seemed as fresh as the day I bought it and it did my job with no problems . I decided that deserved some notation , so I decided to write this review.Here is what I would like to impart
 I bought this case for my husband as a Christmas gift for his I pod classic and he loves it .
 I am very please with my Nikon Stabileyes they have the Nikon optics that appears not to have been compromised , add to that a very stable image , waterproof , a lifetime warranty , and I think you have something that actually exceeds the highend binocular market yet at a reasonable price .
 These binoculars arrived within a week of ordering , even with the free Amazon shipping . Thank you once again Amazon . My first impression out of the box was that they were remarkably small and light . The batteries were an easy install once I figured out that they belong in the handle strap and not the body of he binoculars . The stabilization and clarity of focus are simply amazing and very easy to figure out how to us . The instructions also helped :-RRB- I did not notice any sound from the stabilization motor . If these binoculars continue to perform this well over the coming years , I will continue to be a happy camper . We live on the ocean and I ca n't wait to see the whales with these babies this winter .
 I guess I expected too much from the technology , but the stabilization is fine at a slow rocking of the boat or a troll speed . But if the boat is rocking too much they seem almost as bad as a regular pair .
 I love this . I just plug my MP3 player -LRB- any kind - does n't have to be an iPod -RRB- into my surround sound tuner in the living room and I get to listen to my MP3s in stereo .
 I initially purchased this just to take the sound from my computer to my TV . But I did n't even realize till I looked at it ; you can use it to put your Ipod on a surround sound system or a car head unit . This is a much cheaper completely comparable solution for head units in cars , etc. . We 've been using it to hook up our Ipods/phones on my boyfriend 's boat . It 's great not to have to rely on CD 's and the radio when you 're on the water !! You do n't want to carry a bunch of stuff , and reception is not always great , so this way , no problem ! He also uses it in our gym to hook the Ipod/phone/computer sound up to the radio in there . Basically , it goes everywhere there 's an ipod/phone/computer and a head unit radio with an auxiliary/red & white input .
 This connector allows you to use your Ipod on a Hotsprings hot tub that is wired for sound .
 I use this on my ipod or blackberry to push music through any old standard stereo . I have two of these . one I keep in our travel vehicle and hook the tunes up to the stereo where every we 're staying if we travel .
 I purchased this lamp to replace the original Infocus lamp that lasted about 1,700 hours . The picture quality of this projector is outstanding and I hope to use it for another 1,700 hours !
 Hi guys , I 'm from Brazil and this lamp here cost about U$ 800 . So I decided to bought ir from Amazon . The image is clear and very bright , and really seams like I have started using my projector at first time . However I notice that , when I looked closely to the screen , I saw 2 pixels when nothing was reflected . It was black instead of white . So I classified 4 stars .
 Periodically blow out the dust in the intake filter or you will dramatically shorten -LRB- half as long -RRB- the lamp life !
 Need to get a classic Intel Motherboard to replace a damaged one . This one is the exact model . However , the installation disk is not exactly the same . Have to spend some time to get the right drivers from Intel website .
 Excellent product . Lot 's of well thought out features . Note that if you use block plugs it will cover adjoining outlets ; I.e. , you will lose an outlet . Other than that it is great .
 The UPS does exactly what it is supposed to do . When our typical Spring Thunderstorms hit and the electric power surges , light bulbs all over the house pop , but the computer plugged in to the UPS never takes a hit , just keeps on doing what it is supposed to . I also have my TV and fax machine protected by another of the Belkin UPS -LRB- I bought 3 -RRB- , and consider them a great investment
 I am only using the UPS to back up my cordless phones and my network components . Since I normally use a laptop for work , I do n't need to backup my computer and I should have a lot longer battery life in the UPS . The unit was easy to install and works great .
 Not much to say but five stars to `` Tech for Less '' and `` Amazon '' plus the UPS has been holding it own now for a month with lots of power to spare plus the software works like it should and shuts down the programs and the computer without a hitch . This is my third Belkin UPS . The first Belkin 800 ran 4 years before I had to change the batteries in it . The other one , a 1500 is still running on it 's org . batteries and does not need a fan just a little space around it to let the air flow naturally as the heat goes out the top ! -LRB- Just a note do not stack papers on top of it or around it where it will stop the air vents as it draws from the bottom and sides and out the top and back ! -RRB- I have 3 APC brand UPS 's also . Either APC or Belkin will serve you a long time , and then all you need is a new set of batteries ! `` Tech for Less '' is a good seller too , as they are one of the most helpful businesses on the web that I have done business with !!!! 1
 What 's not to like ? This is a steal for its capacity . Stop reading . Click ADD TO CART now .
 I 've had my Belkin 1500-TW-RK UPS for a few years , now , and have n't had any problems with it . I am currently in need of replacing the dead battery inside it , however -LRB- the batteries inside any UPS only last so long -RRB- . Unfortunately , Belkin 's customer service and website are both abysmally unhelpful . Despite the manual telling the user to go to their website for battery replacement information , there is no information ANYwhere about replacing them , and the customer service people are n't much help , either . Considering Belkin 's pathetic lack of support , I can only recommend this UPS if you can find a reliable source for replacement batteries , even though the UPS has worked great for me . I 'm not sure if I can post a source for batteries , but I 'll try when I get a replacement battery in my hands . Caveat emptor .
 So far has done its job , I have a server connected to the battery , and it can last around 40 mins , only the battery running .
 I have an iMac 24 '' , a modem , a router , a Skype cordless phone and an external disk running on this UPS since a year or so and despite frequent black-outs , it has never let me down . I have never pushed it to the limit , though either ... It feels good to know that your hardware is well protected from surge overloads , brown-outs or black-outs in any way possible and I would therefore highly recommend this UPS . It is much bigger and heavier than expected , when ordering it , but quality comes at a price ...
 I 'm using this UPS on the following system -- HP Pavilion Media Center m8430f -- Intel Core2 Quad Processor Q6600 , 4GB RAM , 750GB HD , nVidia GeForce 8500GT 8500 GT 1024MB 1GB DDR2 PCI-E 16X 128bit Video Card VGA/DVI/CRT / TV-out , M-Audio Studiophile AV 40 Powered Speakers , Epson Stylus Photo 1280 Inkjet Printer -LRB- Silver -RRB- , ViewSonic VX1940w 19-inch Digital/Analog Widescreen 1680 x 1050 Hi-Res LCD Monitor.While playing a CD at full speaker-volume -LRB- near 40W -RRB- without distortion , running several MS Office applications , running a long printing job on the Epson , and doing a Virus Scan with Kaspersky IS 2009 , the Loading Level ranges from 16 % -23 % -LRB- usually sits on 17 % -19 % -RRB- on this UPS , and it runs without interruption during a `` Deep Battery Test '' for about 18 minutes until the test depletes the battery to around 20 % and then aborts.This is plenty of power and power-duration for a high-performance system like this . I 'm very happy with this purchase . It 's been working without a glitch for 4 months now , so I felt it was safe to post this review after this much testing .
 Having several network drives as backup to my computers I had purchsed several smaller UPS units instead of a few large ones . I had three different manufactures including Belkin . Over the several years I have been using them I had no problems with the small Belkin unit but did with the others . Last year I purchsed a 1500 VA Belkin unit and based on the performance of it I purchssed two additional this year . So far no problems with any of the units . I do not use the auto shutdown or warning software and so do not have them connected directly to communicate with any computer . They are easy to set up and have good substantial stands or backets that came with them to steady them when in use . Each has an adequate number -LRB- eight -RRB- of receptacles for connecting power cords to protected equipment which is very handy if you have several low power consuming units . These units run cool and do not emit a lot of heat like some of the other brands did . Some of those were actually hot to the touch where as these Belkin units are not . For me , so far , a very good experience and as my needs grow I will not hesitate to purchase another Belkin 1500 VA UPS .
 For the price the Belkin does fine -LSB- I have two -RSB- 5 min for shut down . My APC smart 1400 is a better ups and will run longer on batt also cost more than 4x than the belkin . Hint the heavierthe ups the longer it will run.rcb
 I 'm a geek and this is a great deal . Got one for my own Home/office stuff and was very impressed . The features and specs are great for this price . The spec 's are comparable to some refurbished APC 1400 's we have at an office for 1/2 the price . After one of those 1400 's took a dump yesterday I 'm getting one of these Belkin 's to replace it . The software and great variety of interfaces , ways to connect and monitor are top notch . I highly recommend this unit for home or business .
 I had just ordered one of these for someone at work and liked the software that came with it . After reading some of the magazine reviews I decided to make the switch over to Belkin from another more widely known brand . I thought I was buying the smaller version of this and was a little surprised when it came in . Big , but not too big . I use it to my advantage lift my monitor 4 inches higher . So it works out.The software that comes with it is pretty sweet . Monitors everything with configurable gauges . You can schedule down times and testing . I was amazed with all the junk I plugged into the back of this thing that it can last over 30 minutes and still have over a quarter charge left . Recharges in a little over an hour.A good buy at bargain prices .
 We 've purchased three over the past two years -- for our servers at home , office -LRB- three computers and two monitors -RRB- , and one server rack at work . They 've worked well and given us a surprising run-time given the load.We 're extremely happy with these , considering the cost . At the time they were considerably cheaper than the APC alternative , and we 've found them to work as well as or better . Plus they look cool.Good deal for the money , considering it can ship with Amazon Prime .
 Worked well right out of the box . Easy software setup . Quiet . Amazon processing of order was excellent .
 I 've owned one of these for 3 years now , or thereabouts.At the time , it has a cheap price compared to the competitors , and considering the stated VA-rating . I was very happy with it at first as it saved my butt a number of times due to my acommodation 's occasionally flaky power installations , combined with a bad period for the power company.Now , for the criticisms : As others have remarked , the 1500 VA rating seems inflated . While it must be taken into consideration that 1 VA is NOT the same as 1 Watt -LRB- thought they are roughly comparable for consumers -RRB- , and that you thus ca n't expect an 800 Watt load to run on this baby for up to 2 hours ; it still does n't come near the expected level of endurance . I timed it to bear a ~ 200W load for about 1 hour shortly after i got it.The software -LRB- `` Belkin Bulldog '' -RRB- did n't seem to be able to connect with the Mac server it was hooked up to via USB , but I was not able to determine if it was a hardware or software problem . The unit worked well enough on its own for me to unhook it from the system it protected and send it to service with the reseller.The humming noise of the UPS unit is n't noticeable in a work environment , but you may get fed up with it at home , so place it somewhere out of hearing range if you plan to use it outside of work.It is true that the UPS does not have an external voltage gauge , but the software provides this information , that is , if i could get it to connect to the unit.The batteries inside the unit are a common off-the-shelf kind and easily replaced . FYI , the type is GP1272F2 or BP7-12 -LRB- 12 volt lead-acid type , dimensions in inches are
 This is my third Belkin UPS in 5 years and all 3 are still going strong . I have a Belkin 650VA unit from 5 years ago and I just replaced the batteries last year . I also have the 1250VA tower and now recently the 1500VA tower . I have been very happy with all 3 and Belkin is a rock solid company with good customer support and high quality products.I was running the 650VA unit -LRB- 5 years old now -RRB- on a Dell desktop but I am now using it as backup power for a video camera surveillance system at my mothers house . It runs 4 Sony video cameras and a DVR -LRB- digital video recorder -RRB- with no problems for hours -LRB- roughly 6hrs -RRB- . I use the 1200VA tower for my desktop Dell XPS 410 with a 20 '' flat panel monitor and also a Dell all in one 962 printer and the wireless 3300 adapter for the printer and my desktop speakers -LRB- Klipsch THX -RRB- and usb hub and it runs for about 35 minutes total . The Dell XPS 410 tower sucks a lot of juice so this is exceptional.My new 1500VA tower is being used for a surveillance system at my home powering several Sony cameras , one DVR , one DSL modem and a Linksys N wireless router with POE -LRB- power over ethernet -RRB- adapter . It also has a huge run time.UPS battery back ups are essential parts of the electronics world and everyone should have them . Electrical spikes and surges are just one of a long array of reasons to get a good UPS . Power interuptions , long or short , can cause varying problems with all electronics and it 's such a comforting feeling to KNOW FOR SURE that you will not fall prey to them . It is also comforting to know that if the power goes out or if someone cuts the power to your house -LRB- ie . a thief -RRB- your video cameras will still captures what happens or your alarm system will still work . Most house alarms have a short battery back up time . Installing one of these ensures you are fully covered.One additional note . The fact that I have a UPS on my DSL modem and wireless router ensures I can cruise the internet or check e-mail from my laptop even when the power is out . Additionally , when you have longer power outages -LRB- say days or a week -RRB- you can power off the UPS and power it back on just to check your e-mail or to power your internet phone service in emergencies for days . Also , I have powered fluorescent lamps and charged cell phones from my UPS during a 16 hour power outage.If you have a UPS and have never experienced a power problem do n't forget why ... its because you bought rock solid insurance by using a UPS . The rule of thumb regarding UPS power back ups is `` you can never have enough '' so get a good BELKIN unit with a long run time .
 UPS is very reliable . This is the second one we have purchased to support our server room . I have read that it is supposed to be rackmountable but not sure if we need other hardware . Other than that it is great .
 I seriously do not know why the people who have reviewed this product have had so many problems with this VCR . I 've had mine since last January and have had no problems with it at all . While there 's no denying the fact that it is loud , and that the unit is pretty light , this VCR , in my opinion , is pretty close to top of the line . It has good sound and the picture quality is great . The VCRplus + is also really easy to use too . Just punch in a few numbers and it 's ready to go . I also like the remote too . Even though the light feature only illuminates the play , stop , rew. , and f.f. buttons , it 's just the right size , and it has a very strong sensor -LRB- I can hold the remote about 1/2 inch away from a wall , facing the opposite direction , and it still gets a full signal . It 's that good . -RRB- . There 's also some other nice features , but I wo n't get into that . Overall , if you want a nice VCR at a low price , you should n't have to look much further than the V4611 .
 My old generic brand VCR recently bit the dust just after the 1-year warranty expired . I decided to invest a little more money into a name brand unit this time and I 've always heard that Panasonic makes pretty good VCRs.I have not had any trouble with this unit after 3 weeks of heavy usage . The picture and sound are of good quality on recorded material.I was not able to set up the auto-clock feature , perhaps because my local PBS station is junk anyway . In any case , what 's so hard about setting the clock yourself anyway?The only complaints I have is the fact that the front of the unit seems a little weak as the plastic feels somewhat cheap , especially the buttons , although I hardly use them as I use the remote more often.Another complaint is the remote . There are far too many small buttons and I often have a hard time to figure out which one to press at night , even if it is lighted , this can be remedied with a good third-party universal remote.Overall I am so far satisfied with my purchase , assuming it lasts more than the 13 months that my last generic VCR lasted .
 I 've now owned this VCR for a number of months & am very impressesd . I bought it ... new . it has great features , is easy to understand , and the manual 's pretty good . others ' reviews say it is light , which it is , but who cares - it just sits on a shelf . unless you 're driving your tv cart down hills , the light case should n't make a difference.as light criticisms , I * do * wish the remote had a slightly different button orientation - ` pause ' * is * in a weird place.I also wish Commercial Skip functioned a little differently - you basically fast-forward a minute at a time , rather than some kind of sensor.HOWEVER , having that feature at all is great , as is ` tape placement ' , end-of-program-search , VCR Plus features , and a self-setting clock.For the price , i think it 's an amazing find ...
 I 've had NO problems with this vcr . I do n't know what everyone else is talking about with problems with their vhs 's , but playback has been fine . Also , I do a lot of video editing , and I also hook the VCR up to my computer . I 've had no problems while using it in that manner . No kids touch it , so maybe it 's a ` adult ' vcr -LRB- shrug -RRB- . And I love the light on the remote.My only complaint would be the rear a/v hookups . The inputs/outputs do n't stick out . Instead , it has a little compartment , where all the inputs are deeper than the rest of the plastic ... The inputs are too close together , too deep , and the sides of the plastic hinder you pluging in the rca cables or screwing in the co-ax . But if you set it and forget it -LRB- :P -RRB- then it should only be a bother once .
 Bought this recently from an electronics store in Baltimore . Was using Amazon.com as a good resource for reviews and was surprised by the number of negative reviews for this . Set it up very easily -- took perhaps a total of 10-20 minutes and the set-up for time etc. was very easy . It is a bit loud when you 're Ff/Rew but for the price it seems reasonable . It is extremely light and I would not be surprised that a lot of the problems people have had could be through sending it through UPS . Only had it for 1 day and have used it on one tape I bought . But my suggestion would be to not get it shipped .
 I purchased this Video Cassette Recorder from ... and have been very pleased . The only downfall I would say there was is the remote is bulky , but it stands on end and illuminates at the push of a button . Very clear picture , hooks up to my receiver without a problem , and has very fast , quiet rewind . This is a good buy !
 I seriously do not know why the people who have reviewed this product have had so many problems with this VCR . I 've had mine since last January and have had no problems with it at all . While there 's no denying the fact that it is loud , and that the unit is pretty light , this VCR , in my opinion , is pretty close to top of the line . It has good sound and the picture quality is great . The VCRplus + is also really easy to use too . Just punch in a few numbers and it 's ready to go . I also like the remote too . Even though the light feature only illuminates the play , stop , rew. , and f.f. buttons , it 's just the right size , and it has a very strong sensor -LRB- I can hold the remote about 1/2 inch away from a wall , facing the opposite direction , and it still gets a full signal . It 's that good . -RRB- . There 's also some other nice features , but I wo n't get into that . Overall , if you want a nice VCR at a low price , you should n't have to look much further than the V4611 .
 For the price paid , this unit has all the competition beat . It lives up to the Panasonic reputation of fine quality at a reasonable price . Only quibbles
 This unit makes a groaning noise when showing a tape . It 's much softer than the whine on rewinding or forwarding , but more distracting since you 're trying to watch a movie . The picture quality in recording is inferior to that of the VCRs made some years ago . Still , this is pretty good for the price .
 VCR came as indicated by dealer . However , I was intently looking for the remote in the packaging . In my mind , I remembered seeing it in the picture when I ordered the vcr . However , I overlooked the part in the description that stated no remote was available for the vcr . It should not be shown in the picture if it is not available . No directions were included either . I had a hard time trying to figure out how to get the vcr to work without directions and using a universal remote . The vcr was for my 81 year old dad who likes to record a few daytime shows so that he can watch them at night . Between a 16-year old and myself , we got it to working .
 This was a great deal . I got a fully functional -LRB- although slightly used -RRB- VCR with the remote , cables , and instructions for $ 20 . It works just great . I am very pleased .
 Works flawlessly -- great picture quality on both the RF and video outputs and superb hi-fi stereo sound . As good as the -LSB- money -RSB- + ProScan that died on me . More bells and whistles than most people ever need . Sure , the rewind 's a little loud , but so what ? It rewinds a tape end-to-end in only 100 seconds -- THAT 'S FAST ! I 'd rather have fast than quiet any day ! The playback is noiseless , and that 's what really counts . I also got a Panasonic PV-V4521 -LRB- guess why I want two VCRs -RRB- , and I like that one too . The only differences are VCR + on the PV-V4611 , and the PV-V4521 is a lot smaller . If I had to find something to complain about I would say it 's that the slo-mo only has one speed . But even then , the slo-mo and freeze frame picture quality are as good or better than VCRs costing much more .
 The picture is very clear and sound quality is impressive . Compared with anothe Panasonic Model of PV-V4520 I tried before , the motor of PV-V4611 is not that noisy and gives you a better chance to enjoy the hi-fi sound.The remote has illuminated keypad which is useful when in the dark . However I wish I could get a simpler control with less but bigger buttons.Overall , it is a good deal at this price .
 This Network Audio Player has outstanding sound , and easily fits on my bookshelf . The black and silver case design is a huge improvement over the cheap plastic look of many bookshelf systems sold today.One of the best features is the ability of the unit to play music stored on your computer hard drive . From my existing music library that I created using Windows Media Player , the NAS-CZ1 plays the music one song after another , album by album . You can also create playlists if you want selected songs.The challenge is to get the software and the NAS-CZ1 configured . I would say that this is a project for someone with some hands-on home networking skills , as I wanted a wireless setup . Since the NAS-CZ1 requires an Ethernet cable , I used a Linksys wap54 wireless access point to connect to my home wireless network.All the internet features are provided through the Sony software called m-crew server . There is very little documentation on this software , even when I looked using Google . It is also version 1.0 and there apparently are no updates to the software that comes on the cd with the unit . M-Crew server is a very straightforward , no-frills solution to broadcasting music to the NAS-CZ1 . There are a few things about it though . First , you need to use some version of Windows XP . Windows 2000,2003 , 98 , etc. will not work and the installer on the cd will stop you from proceeding . So you must have an XP computer that is on whenever you want to listen to music stored on your hard disk . This means that when I want to fall asleep to the music , I need to leave my computer running.You need to remember that the account you installed the m-crew server software needs to be logged in . This is because the software runs background processes that wo n't be started until the account user logs in . Not a problem if you have a single user account login on the computer and the computer is re-booted for some reason , but I will have to look at setting up the computer to automatically startup the software background services when the computer re-boots . I found this out when Microsoft rebooted my pc for one of their automatic software updates . The connection from my NAS-CZ1 just stopped working until I re-logged into the account again.One other problem with the m-crew server software or possibly the NAS-CZ1 is that you can not have songs with titles using Asian characters . So any Chinese , Japanese , Korean , etc. songs will not play on the NAS-CZ1 . In fact , the m-crew server software will let you store a say , Chinese titled song just fine . The problem arises when the NAS-CZ1 tries to play it . It will error out and you need to skip the song and restart the player manually . To delete the song , you need to -LRB- and they do n't tell you this in the documentation -RRB- edit the m-crew server content database table using MS Access to delete the row containing the song , or edit out the Asian characters and you can then play the song . It seems that the NAS-CZ1 only has the ability to display english characters and that is why it errors on non-english titles . You would think that an international company like Sony would release product that accommodates languages other than english character based items.If all else fails with the m-crew server software , uninstall and install it again.Internet radio is another interesting feature that , if you can get running , sounds really nice . First , choose internet radio stations with a bit rate of no less than 32k , for decent sound . Second , forget about any radio stations that use their own radio player -LRB- do not use Windows media player -RRB- , or require Real Player . If the radio station url does not end with an `` aspx '' , then you can be pretty sure it wo n't work on the NAS-CZ1 . Sony provides about 10 sample stations for the NAS-CZ1 , but does not tell you how to find more radio stations . So the problems is finding internet radio sations and testing them to see if they work on the NAS-CZ1 . Time consuming at best , and I have not tried searching for more stations outside of my initial setup effort of the NAS-CZ1 . At this time , I am impressed with the technology that Sony put into this unit , but I can also see a lot of buyers looking for a quick and easy way of listening to music on their computer hard dirve returning this unit due to the complicated setup and troubleshooting needed . I bought my NAS-CZ1 at Fry 's for $ 189 and it was their last boxed unit , that was a return.Personally , I like the unit and now that I have figured out the limitations and quirks , I 'm considering a second unit for my home office . It is a real delight to be able to have my entire music collection available without having to manually change cds .
 I purchased an NAS-CZ1 as part of a liquidation sale for the product . I was looking to replace a plain-old bookshelf stereo and wanted to be able to access my wide variety of MP3s . The other systems on the market were either very expensive or were just components that hooked up to an existing stereo system . I wanted all-in-one and this model hit the bill . It has a CD player , AM/FM , and a network interface to the Sony M-Crew Server software , which only works with Window XP.Plug it in out-of-the-box and you have a pretty good bookshelf stereo . When matched to an Internet connected PC , a whole new world arrived . The M-Crew software is a bit challenging and I had to spend a few hours rebuilding playlists that I had set up to run with MusicMatch . It took me a couple of tries to get the computer and the stereo to recognize each other , but finally they did . The ability to play internet radio is a big plus . It only supports Windows Media compatible radio streams , which fortunately for me included my two favorite local stations as well as WFUV in NY , the best radio station in the world . I was in heaven , since I live about 300 miles from their radio reach!I wish I had bought several at the price that I paid . Sony has a new model coming out at the same price point , the Sony CPF-IX001 . The added support for 802.11 b/g in the box , but removed the CD player . I 'm glad that it uses the same server software as mine so maybe Sony will improve that it a bit . I 'm going to wait until this new model gets a bit more time in the market . Maybe I 'll be able to get one for dirt cheap if it does n't take off !
 We recently downsized our home and have no room for the 15 year old stereo component system and huge speakers . I just wanted something to play CD 's on and listen to the radio . This fit the bill and has a sleek , space age look in addition to great sound . Nice that this is easily moved from downstairs to upstairs and vice versa . You ca n't do THAT with a big stereo system . . The idea of streaming music from a PC is great , but since I do n't really need that , I did not care much that reviewers did not like the program and that it was challenging to get it to work . My son at first thought it would be cool to stream songs from a PC but became immediately disinterested when he found out it had to be connected by a cord to the PC and did not have wireless capability for that function . For me , this little stereo is perfect as I am not I-Pod or MP-3 savvy , and that is what seems to be flooding the market these days , with speaker systems made just for them . I happened to get a very good deal on this one , as I see it is now selling by the same vendor , used , for 3 times what I paid , new . The AM and FM reception is pretty decent . The first of two main reasons I did not rate this a 5 is that I do n't really like the two external wire antennas for the tuner . It would have been better to incorporate the FM antenna into the power cord and the AM into the unit somehow , but I can live with trying to hide the wires behind something . -LRB- The FM antenna needs to be laying horizontally , and the AM antenna wraps around a squarish gizmo . -RRB- The second main reason I rated it a 4 is that it really would be SO much better if it had a 3-CD changer . I 'll just have to learn how to burn 150 songs onto a CD-R . It will play MP-3 format CD 's , though I have n't tried it yet . You really need to use the remote , although I think there are buttons with VERY tiny print on the front of the system . The sound is pretty awesome -LRB- and can be cranked pretty loud -RRB- from something so compact that can go on a tabletop and does not have detached speakers or a sub woofer . I would recommend this to a friend if they could get a good deal like I did and do n't care much about MP-3 players or haggling with the music streaming . This may be comparable to a Bose system but for less money . Mine came new in the box , but it had perhaps been returned by someone because the remote 's battery was supposed to have a plastic protector to save its power , and that was missing . No big deal . I did see that the manufacture date was 2005 ; I am not surprised , but it works for me . I am very happy with my purchase . It meets all of my specifications except a multi CD changer .
 I 've owned several different Panasonic Video Cassette Recorders over the years , and I 've been pleased with the quality of all of them . This unit , like all the other Panasonic VCRs I 've had , includes a feature that I believe is exclusive to Panasonic units -LSB- I 've never seen it on other brands -RSB- , and one I like a lot
 After checking out Panasonic 's PV-V4621 4-Head Hi-Fi Stereo VCR , I decided to check out this unit and see what the differences were besides the price . This has a black chassis while the other is silver that was obvious . More importantly , the PV-V4621 comes with an Auto Head Cleaner , Jog-Shuttle Dial and has High-speed rewind . Image and sound are identical . If only image and sound were important to me I would go with this unit . However , the Auto Head Cleaner is an important feature if you do a lot of recording . The High-speed rewind is a nice feature if you are rather impatient like I tend to be . Either machine is excellent ! It is just a matter of what your needs are .
 Great Vcr . . Bought one from the customer reviews on amazon . . Excellent . The timer function is n't hard at all we figured it out without looking in the manual to record tv shows . We had a toshiba vcr which was lousy . . Wanted to get a real VCR that works and this one is excellent . The only problem with this vcr is the rewind function is noisy . . Besides that a good buy ! . .
 Easy to connect and the stereo sound is great ! The picture is clear , too . Slow motion and still are very , very clear . You can even record SAP if you speak Spanish and the TV show you 're watching supports it . The only problem I 've found is that sometimes , with older tapes , when you record a show you may get a little crackling in the sound . I suspect this is because the VCR 's HI-FI sound is very sensitive . If you use a good brand of tape , like TDK and Maxell , you can limit this problem . Definately worth the money , especially for a stereo VCR .
 Programming the timer record function for this model is somewhat time consuming and a little tedious . Operates very quietly in play mode but in rewind mode you could wake the neighbors ! Has very good picture quality even when recorded in the SLP mode . You could spend more money and get considerably less machine for it , so all in all , a good buy with some moderate inconveniences .
 I have n't had this VCR very long but I really , really like it . The only `` problem '' is the rewinding is a little on the noisy side but I could n't care less . Tapes play fine and I am real impressed with the amount of on screen options this thing has for the money . I also like the easy to read front display . I would recommend this VCR to anyone just looking for a basic VCR .
 I found this vcr so easy to install and set up for all the functions I needed . I loved the automatic clockset and being able to time record as well as using the VCR plus . Universal remote makes operating tv and vcr so easy .
 I decided to buy a Panasonic VCR because they are considered so reliable . I decided on this particular model because of the low price and the Search Index feature . This VCR is connected to my second television -LRB- which is not hooked to cable -RRB- to record the last 15-20 minutes of my `` soap '' everyday . I wanted an inexpensive VCR because recording my show is about the only thing I do with this machine . The tape I use to record on is n't a good quality tape but I get good results nonetheless with this VCR . I was impressed with the ease in programming the timer record function ; in fact , the whole operation of this VCR is quite simple . I am definitely not a `` techie '' kind of person so if I can figure out how this machine works , anyone can . I am still discovering the many features this VCR has and must say , it is a good buy ! The only down side I can find is , it is quite noisy when rewinding -LRB- not a big problem -RRB- . Something else that I have noticed is that a couple of my movies make whining sounds when playing in this VCR . They never did in my old G.E. VCR , nor do they make these sounds in my Zenith VCR . I 'm not sure what the problem is there but it does n't make noises with my other tapes . All-in-all , I would say this is a good buy if you are looking for a fairly inexpensive VCR .
 Thigs always look pretty good when you are looking at a picture of it , but seeing it and being able to really look it over and see the specifics of it , are two different stories .
 By far the best VCR I have ever owned . Great picture and sound , that is easy to use .
 Our very old recorder quit working , and I ordered this one.It works great and came in very good condition with remote control as ordered.It both plays and records.It is just the replacement I wanted .
 Contrary to one of the other reviews on this product - it does not have VCR Plus programming .
 Panasonic produces excellent 9inch TVs . Smaller screens give you crisper and more brilliant looking pictures . This is a very exact 2-head TV-VCR with monaural playback . Videotapes look really good on this unit . You can take it along with you with the Car cord included for portable AC/DC operation . It has a Built-in FM radio with auto scan and front audio-video jacks which come in handy . This unit gives you incredible picture quality because of its inherent size and design . Videotapes that do n't look so great at home look excellent when played on this unit . The picture actually looked very sharp . I recommend this set .
 This is a very nice 2-head TV-VCR with linear sound playback . Panasonic makes very good 9inch TVs . One reason for the incredible picture quality is that the electron gun can keep very accurate control on a smaller screen size delivering crisper and cleaner images . VHS tapes look amazingly good . It has a Built-in FM radio with auto scan . It also comes with a Car cord included for portability AC/DC operation and front audio-video jacks . THE PERFECT STORM looked very sharp on this unit .
 I have actually had this tv for several years now , but I had to look up how much it weighs for a tv stand and thought I 'd add my two cents . This has been the best little tv/vcr . We have used it on trips , in our kitchen , and now it 's found a home in our office . I have not had one minute 's trouble with it , and it has a great picture . You can not go wrong with this .
 I purchased this quality product at an introductory price with a $ 60 discount . Ca n't get any lower than that.I was only interested in the modem and TV protection because another older Belkin power protection power bar is protecting the phone line.My only worry prior to purchasing was the quality of the video signal to the HDTV and DVD recorders . The signal was clean . So , no worries there.The sliding safety covers , 8 feet cord and sleek shape are great design features .
 Alltthough we have had a chance to really check its cap -LSB- ability in a lightning storm , the convience of the design and the variety of functions is outstanding
 Belkin PureAV Home Theater surge protection . An excellent choice to protect that ALL important HDTV ensemble . Made specifically for the home entertainment system , this unit allows for both AC surge , as well as your cable connection . Warranted for coverage costs to insure protection , you cant ask for much more than this . I know the Belkin line and it is a trusted name in the electronics industry , Don
 After comparing to Monster Home Theater Surge Protector this is just as good for a better price !
 The Belkin surge protector is a quality product and functions as promised . AFTER I ordered and paid for the product plus shipping and handling I found I could have bought the same for less money at a few local discount stores .
 I received this product in about three days . I am very happy with the Surge Protector and the quick srevice .
 This Belkin product has so many great features for the price . It 's a good surge bar for protecting your home theater .
 As a consultant , I 'm on the go most of my day and I needed a bag that would carry everything I might need without breaking my arm off . This bag has done an ok job of carrying what I would need when I travel `` light '' or to a client site where I know what I will need but falls down if I am heading somewhere unknown . The overall lack of depth in the bag and the large amount of padding , while welcome in the laptop area , seems to take up more of the bag than it should . The nylon construction has done well so far given that I 'm really hard on bags and typically wear holes in things fairly quickly but this is to be expected from any Timbuk2 bag . The zippers and closures have been very convenient and seem to be quite sturdy . I have n't used the conversion to a backpack as much as I thought I might though . Also , the shoulder strap is a little short for someone as large as me -LRB- 6 ' 3 '' / 205 lbs -RRB- to use as a true messenger bag and has taken a little while to get used to on a single shoulder . Overall , this has been a decent bag but I will probably be looking for a replacement in the next 6 months .
 The photo for this product is wrong , it shows the ball head version.I purchased this tripod back in April and I have used it several times before writing this review . I shot a bunch of table top macro shots with the camera suspended underneath as well as on top . I 've also used it for macro shots of flowers outside my house with legs fully collapsed and extended one or two segments . This model is the three way pan head and you get two quick release heads . The legs are twist-lock just like my monopod/walking sticks . I no longer trust plastic flip locks . Those always break , it 's just a matter of time . The independent movement of the legs is so much nicer than legs connected by a folding brace . It 's nice for uneven terrain but it is also great for getting the camera really close to the subject on macro shots . The angle that the legs unfold can also be increased by turning a rotating piece on the top of one or more legs.I pulled it out again today to take table top macro shots of a new toy and decided I would share how pleased I am with the tripod and the Sunpak 620-761 Non-Branded Carrying Case for UT Series Tripods that I purchased with the 4300 . I did n't want to spend more than $ 60 on a tripod but I also did n't want a piece of junk . This is a solid piece of equipment for the money . Unless you must use fancy heads or you need to support something really heavy , there is no reason to spend more on a tripod.01-15-09 update : I used this tripod with a canon powershot point & shoot when I wrote this review . It is n't perfect but it is a great tripod for the money if you have a small camera . I recently purchased a Nikon D90 and the heavy lenses and flash units that I use now are too much for the old Sunpak . I spent a crazy amount of money on a professional set of tripod legs and a ball-head with quick disconnect plate .
 I do n't have any current experience with tripods , and when I purchased this tripod I went by reviews . There was only one written for this one at the time , but it seemed to trump all the others ... especially for the price . The tripod is very sturdy . I like the quick release . I leave one attached to the camera -LRB- Nikon D40X -RRB- and I 'll probably attach the second to my camcorder -LRB- the tripod comes with two -RRB- . I 'm not sure if I just have to break it in or not , but the lock for the quick release is a little hard to lock and unlock -LRB- Not really a big deal -RRB- . The pan and tilt seem to be smooth , but like I said I do n't have any experience with any others so I have nothing to compare it to . The legs are easily adjustable as is the center column height adjustment . The legs are padded and seem very durable . This tripod is easy to use and seems to be good quality . I would definitely recommend it .
 I bought this tripod after looking at all the available tripods under $ 100 at BestBuy and Circuit City . In general , those tripods fall into two categories - those under about $ 50 all of which are pretty flimsy and cheap looking/feeling and those in the $ 75 - $ 100 range which are sturdy but quite large and heavy . This tripod I got for about $ 65 and is as sturdy as the $ 90 ones at Bestbuy & Circuit City but about 1/3 smaller and about 1/3 lighter . I like it and would recommend it to hobby/amatuer -LRB- sp ?? -RRB- photographers such as myself .
 My wife and I were seeking a LCD-screen computer for my son 's room . I introduced her to the Sony W-Series desktop - which is a big hit in Japan - and she was immediately impressed . She liked the clean lines and the keyboard which folded up to be even less obtrusive . The clincher for her , though , was the PC which was built into the back of the screen - which eliminated both the bulky tower on the floor -- and the messy cable cables streaming out of it.The Sony W-series looks great . It does n't clutter up my son 's room which , heaven knows , is already cluttered enough as it is . He enjoys doing his homework - and playing computer games - on it . The sound from the built in speakers is excellent . And the wide-screen display is wonderful for watching DVD movies.The computer comes with four USB and two FireWire connections . Since the mouse connects via USB , these ports fill up quickly . -LRB- I plan to use a compact Linksys USB hub when I run out . -RRB- The FireWire ports are also of the smaller four-pin variety . Since most of my FireWire devices use the six-pin plugs , I needed to purchase a six-to-four pin conversion cable from Belkin -LRB- who , like Amazon , has everything -RRB- . The W-Series also has a Memory Stick slot , which I use to transfer large files from my Sony Vaio desktop -LRB- which also has a reader -RRB- , and amongst my home and office laptops , where I 've installed Sony Memory Stick PCMCIA card adapters into all of them . The W-series also has a pair of LAN ports , which I do n't use , and a PCMCIA card slot which I 'll probably employ to add 802.11 b or Bluetooth capability later . For those of you -LRB- like me -RRB- who do n't know how to open up the back of your desktop to add these features , being able to do so via a PC card slot is definitely a plus.Since the keyboard is attached to the bottom of the screen , the LCD sits a little lower on the desk than a free-standing unit , which my son does n't notice . It 's much like using a laptop -LRB- which was our other alternative -RRB- - but with a desktop 's easier-to-use keyboard and mouse ! The mouse , incidentally , is of the optical variety , so tracking is extremely smooth and accurate . And the screen tilts down slightly , which is nice when I want to watch DVD movies - while sitting in an easy chair in front of it!The Sony W-Series computer is a big hit . I can tell because my son enjoys using it ; and my daughter -LRB- who is a few years younger -RRB- wants one too!If space efficiency - and aesthetics - are important considerations for you -LRB- as they were for us -RRB- , the Sony W-Series might be just the ticket . My family loves it !
 The PCV-W20 is one awesome integrated desktop . Sure it 's pricey , but you get a lot of features plus Sony 's award-winning styling . The widescreen 15.3 '' -LRB- measured diagonally -RRB- LCD is beautiful and has excellent contrast ratio . The CPU is actually 1.8 Ghz , not 1.9 -LRB- which does n't exist -RRB- , but it 's still fast . Sony apparently optimizes the system so it feels as speedy as a 2.4 Ghz Dell Dimension 2350 or 4500 . Unlike most other one-piece PCs , this one has all the ports loaded
 I just got this computer yesterday , and even though by today 's standards , 1.8 GHZ is pretty slow , you ca n't tell ! Of course , I 'm not one of those that has to have the latest in computer technology . That being said , I am in love with this computer ! I also own a standard desktop computer -LRB- also a VAIO -RRB- and I can see myself using this one more often . I love the screen , and the fact that the keyboard folds up into the screen to save space -LRB- and keep my cats off the keyboard ! -RRB- It is so easy to hook up ; it took me a total of 5 minutes , and I was online and ready to go ! All in all , this computer is a fantastic buy , it 's great to look at , and is perfect to have around as a second computer -LRB- for when your husband wo n't get off of his computer game -RRB- . Granted , you ca n't do any major gaming on this , but that 's not why I wanted it anyway .
 As you can see its a great computer the only flaw really is that it dont burn dvd 's , Great for watching movies by your self or with a friend , it has pretty loud speakers so you could also play music pretty loud , it is adjustable so if your with 2 friends and they always talk you could put your headphones on and they could listen to it through the speakers on the computer . Its good for games and yes you can get a full screen with games you just have to set it right . It can store a lot of music kinda like having an mp3 player in your room -LRB- now for the flaws -RRB- but if you are limited a real small space its kinda hard to store it all the time , its not wireless unless you get a card and a wirless modem , for it being its size it should be thinner and you cant hook up your ps2 or your game cube to it . but if these flaws dont obtain to you its a great computer to have remember you can always add on to it with external drives
 AWESOME GREAT COMPUTER . I 'M ALMOST 9 BUT THIS IS MY SECOND COMPUTER AND IT WORKS WELL . AND LOOKS GREAT!THE ONLY SMALL BAD THING IS THAT WHEN YOU PLAY COMPUTER GAMES IT DOES NOT HAVE A FULL SCREEN .
 I have standardized on the 77 mm sized Nikon filters -LRB- via adapters on each lens -RRB- and bought a used 77mm cap to close them out.I purchased an used 77mm lens cap here on Amazon . Please note that the older type caps are subtly different from the new ones -LRB- some are listed as LC-77 , 578-77 , and possibly other names -RRB- . Amazon is having trouble keeping them separate . They may not consider them different enough to worry about . On the older one I got , the pinch style clasp is on the outer ring of the cap , as opposed to the inside of the cap -LRB- with the new ones -RRB- . It has worked great for me . It may even hold onto the thin NIKON CPL that I use better since the older Nikon CAP appears to be lower profile.Either way , I am very happy with my purchase and will do more purchases of these NIKON caps in the future.For people who use lens hoods and require the internal pinch system -LRB- of newer Nikon caps -RRB- , you should be aware of the two types out there as the outer pinch system my not work with deep hood covers ...
 A Nikon lens user for 30 plus years . These new `` pinch caps '' are a vast improvement over the older , traditional Nikkor lens caps .
 I am a huge fan of Nikon 's lens caps . I purchased this cap for my Tonika 12-24mm lens and am glad I did . The lens has a hood and the Tonika cap , while built like the Nikon , had a penchant for launching itself across the room or at the lens when I attempted to use it . Nikon 's cap works and works great .
 This lens is much better than the cover that came up with the Tokina lens I brought it for . It has a solid feel and is easy to grasp .
 I standardized all of my Nikon lens to take 77mm filters and needed some extra caps . These are good quality Nikon caps .
 I have used Nikon caps and others . The Nikon caps have been the most reliable and are easy to take on an off . I have never had one fall off and they always seem to set perfectly in the lens or filter ends . They are pricier than I think they should be , but have always performed better than cheaper ones .
 Small part , but I buy them to have the right fitting on my lenses , often bought used . Good vendors carry smaller items like these .
 I do not know what is wrong with Nikon in why that they can not deliver on time , but at least that you had it in stock , and that I needed for my lens - thank you
 I ordered this lens cap to replace a Pro Master Lens cap that I was using on my Nikon 70-300mm lens . The Pro Master lens cap was always falling off if the lens was bumped . I bought this lens cap and have had no issues with it coming off inadvertently . What can I say . It is a very good lens cap and does what I want it to do .
 Shell out the $ 20 bucks to get a replacement and you 'll be a bit more mindful of where you put it down after taking it off the lens . Great quality like all Nikon parts .
 Its the original 77mm nikon cap . I only bought this because I lost one of my caps on a shoot and watched my cap literally fall off a cliff . So this is my replacement .
 Hands down these are the best lens caps out there . They feel solid and fit well . I bought this one for my Sigma lens , the original cap was just painful to use .
 I do n't know if this is a review but I lost my cap for my 70-200mm VR 2 and got this as a replacement because this is the lens cap for the 70-200mm f2 .8 VR 2 . Duh , review had to be twenty words long . Shipping was fast and I got it sooner than expected .
 Just what I needed to replace mine that fell out of the camera case while vacationing . To rate the item , great if you have a 77MM Nikon lens . I bought it used and saved money !
 I absolutely hate any lens cap that is not made by Nikon . They are either impossible to take off , fall off way to easily or do n't want to go back on . I did n't realize Nikon really makes the best lens cap until I bought a non-Nikon lens . It only took me one day to realize I needed to replace it.I got this cap for aTokina AT-X116PRDXN AT-X PRO DX 11-16mm Ultra-wide Angle Lens for NikonI have and it fits on there as if it was a Nikon lens . The mechanism that you pinch to remove or replace is very easy to use , especially on a cap of this size.I will be throwing away any non-Nikon lens cap I ever get in the future and replacing with a Nikon ASAP.Love it
 I 'm going to be simple and short , oh and of course dead honest.This is a higher quality camera compared to the 600 cameras . The pictures come out great , of course if you know how to take a good polaroid picture . The controls on the back only have contrast control , which can be set to darker , normal , or lighter . In my opinion they do n't make dramatic change to the picture . I love the camera though , the film is a commitment though . You WILL have to pay a good amount and search for a good price for them . For me , I buy twin packs of spectra film here . I would save for a Spectra System , 1200 , 1200i , etc though . Do n't let the Spectra 2 name fool you . Simple view and shoot camera . 4 stars .
 To all readers
 This VCR is better than the current 3.5 star rating . It works great , has S-VHS , does a great job of autodetect , superb tracking , etc. . The only issue I have is that you can not turn off the autodetect once it is enabled -- a minor issue.Well worth the price !
 I bought the Panasonic PV-VS4821 S-VHS VCR in July 2005 at a store closeout sale . Eight months later I 'm very happy with this unit . Apparently you ca n't buy these new anymore . I also own a JVC HR-S7600U S-VHS vcr -LRB- a more expensive unit with TBC and somewhat better picture quality -RRB- and a Toshiba RD-XS32 DVD recorder . Of course , DVD and other digital video is taking over , but S-VHS vcr 's still have many desirable features and conveniences and are close to DVD quality in SP mode.The Panasonic PV-VS4821 is still my favorite of the bunch for practical , convenient , every day recording and playback . The PV-VS4821 is far more easy to use and program than the others . My favorite features are the super high speed fast forward and rewind and super easy programming , commercial advance , and availablility of `` ET mode '' . You can pay more for one of the high end JVC S-VHS VCR 's with better picture quality , but there are con 's to the JVC 's , such as short life spans of many of the units , and a terrible program menu . I finally mastered the Toshiba RD-XS32 DVD recorder -LRB- and recommend it -RRB- but it 's menus are riduculously complicated with unnecessary/duplicate menu loops and a massive instruction manual.When I am burning old tapes to DVD , I use the JVC as the player because it has TBC , thus theoretically better play , but I do n't notice the difference vs. this Panasonic . I have not had any problems playing old tapes in the Panasonic PV-VS4821 . So I would not hesitate to use the Panasonic as a player for burning tapes to DVD.I had one mechanical problem with the Panasonic PV-VS4821 which was solved quickly and free through Panasonic tech support . After 7 months of heavy use -LRB- and after I made a change in the SVHS-ET menu setting -RRB- , the vcr suddenly stopped playing and recording properly , with a number of different types of tapes tested . I sent a message to Panasonic Tech support via the Panasonic web site . Two days later I received an e-mail from Panasonic with instructions to `` Reset the vcr '' . This solved the problem . -LRB- To reset the VCR , Hold down the Play button and the Channel up button on the main unit vcr front panel for more than 5 seconds until unit turns off . -RRB- The unit has been working again for the last week with daily programmed recording.Pro 's - Super fast high speed fast forward and rewind . This is true when you are reviewing tapes , as well as when you are rewinding the tape . - Extremely easy to program compared to most other brand VCR 's and DVD recorders . - Picture quality in SP mode is excellent for the money , close to DVD quality . Any mode with this unit is superior to regular VHS , even though not as good as some high end JVC s-vhs decks , which you will pay alot of $ $ $ for and the JVC 's fail on other features . - Commercial advance feature . Great feature ! It does n't always cue up precisely to the exact beginning and end of the commercials , but it 's still a great feature . If for any reason , you want to go back and see a commercial or promo , you can still rewind and watch it . The VCR actually records all of the commercials , but it fast forwards through them automatically if you do n't want to watch them . You can turn this feature on or off through the menu system , but the default setting is on . - S-VHS ET feature allows recording near S-VHS quality on your old blank vhs tapes if you want to use them instead of more expensive S-VHS blanks . I mostly use real FUJI H471S S-VHS tapes , but ET mode is a convenient feature that can save $ $ $ . Con 's - Very lightweight and fragile compared to earlier models . -LRB- My vcr says was manufactured in Indonesia in 2002 whereas other Panasonic S-VHS models were manufactured in Japan . -RRB- - Difficult to read the writing on the rear panel and find the correct IN/OUT plugs . The letters are raised black on black , not painted . You need a strong light or flashlight . - No S-video input in the front . S-Video line-in is on the back only . - I encountered one mechanical problem after 7 months of heavy use that was solved quickly and free by an e-mail from Panasonic tech support and involved `` resetting the VCR '' . -LRB- Hold down the Play button and the Channel up button on the main unit vcr front panel for more than 5 second until unit turns off . -RRB- - No TBC which can provide better playback of some old tapes -LRB- i.e. , for burning to DVD -RRB- if you encounter a problem old VHS tape that 's not playing properly . This is a feature you will pay alot for if you need it , though . I have played many tapes in this vcr and have yet not encountered any playback problems .
 Spend the money on this one . It is worth it . We love commercial advance and now time phase all the programs we watch . SVHS means you can record in SLP without loss of picture quality . Then replay with CA zooms through the commercials . High speed rewind , VCRplus , and auto clock set also excellent features . After we got our first one of these , we dumped the cheap Sony and got a second Panasonic .
 THis late model Panasonic VCR is perfect for dubbing old tapes to DVD with DVR . It has a S-Video Input and Output in the back for easy and highest quality connection from VCR to DVR or PC.It also has front and back AV Inputs for both Audio and Video.My experience with this vcr has been nothing but perfect . I am frankly shocked to find these poorer reviews . - Outside of JVC model S_video or Super VHS recorders I dont think there is anything better than this PV-VS4821 . The picture quality is outstanding . Also easy to use and very reliable as far as putting through a lot of different tapes through it.Highly recommended .
 In My Honest Oppinion A Super Vhs Vcr Is Better Then A Normal One From Someone Like My Self Who Has Worn Out Just About Every Vcr There Is On The Market But The Way To Keep A Vintage Vcr Going Is To Keep The Heads Clean And Only Time Will Tell If It Will Last Another Ten Or Fifthteen Years
 Some months back , I took the plunge for a Mac Titanium G4 PowerBook . This resulted in all sorts of `` legacy '' issues for my then-existing peripherals , thanks to USB and FireWire replacing the older SCSI , LocalTalk and ADB protocols . And of course the replacement of ADB by USB required my getting a new mouse.I 'm pleased to report that this Kensington Optical Pro mouse is not only the last word in flexibility and programmability ; it is a bargain as well . And , for the Mac , there are absolutely no mouse driver issues , as some Windows 2000 users have reported below.For all the months that I have already used this mouse , I find little need so far to resort to its by-application programmability
 This is the best computer peripheral I 've ever purchased.One day God decided to remind me that I 'm a psychology student and not a computer programmer , which he accomplished by interrupting my successful web design career with debilitating carpal tunnel syndrome . So I went out looking for an optical mouse -LRB- and braces , and an ergo keyboard , and a better chair , and a big big bottle of ibuprofen -RRB- . Thus I came upon the Kensington MIAB Optical Pro . Now look -- I can even waste keystrokes typing silly reviews on Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- ! With four buttons plus a clickable scroll wheel , this mouse offers a great many opportunities to reduce wrist-flinging . It comes with customization software that allows you to define different click-equivalents for different programs . It 's not perfect , but it 's made my work much slicker and more pleasant.The best part came when the mouse broke . The Kensington tech actually _ listened _ to my report of the problem and the hardware-testing I 'd done to diagnose it . He immediately shipped me a replacement , even before asking that I send back the damaged mouse . This kind of service is even more valuable to me than the product itself .
 I immediately fell in love with this mouse the first time I used it . The contours fit perfectly into your hand , whether being left or right-handed . There are 4 programmable buttons , as well as the fifth button in the scroll wheel . The scroll wheel can be programmed as well.This mouse can be used with a USB or serial/ps2 connection . The convenience , which should I choose ? USB of course , but for those of you who do n't have a USB equipped computer , do n't fret.The optical mouse are superb these days , since they do not require a good surface to be used on . Wheel mice are horrible now , how can I go back to a mouse with a dinky wheel ?! I have a desk with a crack in the center , which a wheeled mouse would studder as I roll it over the crack . Not with this optical mouse , it does n't even flinch when I roll it over the crack!I highly recommend this mouse to anyone who is skeptical about an optical mouse .
 When my Apple Pro mouse bit the dust , I needed a new mouse and turned to MacWorld for recommendations . This mouse was among the most highly rated , and having bought it , I have to agree . The cost is very reasonable , I like the feel of it , and the Mouseworks software is great . It 's not quite as pretty as the Apple Pro , but it 's half the price and provides about ten times the options . It 's a trade-off I think I can live with.The one thing holding me back from giving this product a higher rating was the omission of the Mac version of Mouseworks on the bundled CD . I was able to download it easily from the Kensington web site , but it seems a rather silly mistake on the manufacturer 's part.Also , I used the feature that lets you buy the product online , then pick it up at a local Circuit City store . The process worked very smoothly - I 'll be doing it again .
 The day after writing a review of my Microsoft Optical Intellimouse , against which I questioned if the Kensington Optical Pro would steal back my Kensington loyalty , I found the Kensington mouse locally at half-price . Because of the low price , I went ahead and bought it in spite of uncertainties regarding the Windows 2000 drivers.In short , if you use Windows 2000 , I do not recommend this mouse . Kensington is still developing their drivers and only have a beta release available for Win2K , identified as version 5.60 b8 -LRB- as of 1/18/01 -RRB- . On my system I found the mouse might initially work just fine but would lose functionality of the keys after a short period of time . Although my system multi-boots between Win2K and Windows Millennium , I did n't try the mouse out under the latter , since Win2K is more frequently used.So , for now I have relegated the mouse to use on my Windows NT4 PC at work , where it does perform just fine and with the full dynamic reprogramming of the mouse buttons as I switch between applications . I did have problems initially with scrolling in Internet Explorer 5.5 but that was resolved by selecting `` Office 97 Style '' scrolling in the MouseWorks control panel . Given that the mouse works properly with WinNT4 , I 'm pretty confident that it would work well also in Windows Millennium , since those drivers are likely quite similar to the Windows 9x drivers that , like WinNT4 , have been around long enough to have matured . That is , Windows 2000 was quite a large change and thus I guess one could expect drivers for it to be more unique than those for the other operating systems . Regardless , it is quite annoying that Kensington does n't have out fully working drivers for Windows 2000 as the O/S is now about 1 year old.Ergonomically , my opinions are mixed in comparison to the Microsoft Optical Intellimouse . On both mice , I 'd rather see the side buttons moved forward just a bit more , and that is more true of the Kensington mouse which requires more effort to depress the buttons . The top mouse buttons on both mice have a comfortable activation effort , but I 'd give a nod to the Kensington as being closer to my personal preferences . And , as expected , I do much more prefer the tension on the wheel of the Kensington . This is more noticeable as I switch between the mice at home and at work . The MS mouse wheel can literally be spun with a flick of the finger while the Kensington can not ; I prefer the added feel of the latter . As for the mouse body , the Kensington loses out to the MS mouse in two aspects
 I needed something to organize active files that were taking up to much space on my desk . This organizer works great for keeping the clutter contained , I can still see each file label and now have some space back on my desktop . Ca n't beat the price ! I would highly recommend .
 no comment . just amazingg ! i 'm a student , and I use a section for each subject and everything 's just well organized !
 I got this 11.375 model and the 23.2-inch organizer too . Both fit perfectly into my file cabinet , but I prefer this one because the spacing between the wire spacers is smaller . I put just one folder in each space so that they stand up straight , making the folder label very easy to see and identify . I ordered another 11.375 organizer to put in the same file cabinet drawer . I have the 23.2 incher down below in the lower drawer for bigger file folders like ones stuffed with old letters and product manuals , as well as folders I do n't access very often so I can bunch them together with other folders in the same space . Do n't know why some reviewers complained about the little rubber bases being hard to put on . I found them quite easy to snap on .
 provide a perfect fit for my filing cabinets and desk . I am able to be much more organized with my class files and student work .
 It is not the most comfortable mouse I have ever used but the software that comes with it is very easy to use . I like being able to easily program the buttons . Also , the fact that dust and other stuff does n't get inside the mouse causing the ball to go crazy is awesome .
 This is an excellent choice for an optical mouse . Of course , I would n't consider using a non-optical mouse any longer , and this one is well worth the cost , with programmable side buttons and a comfortable design . I use the default configuration for the side buttons , having the one on the right side being treated as a `` double click '' which I find very convenient.For the price , this mouse is an excellent value .
 Good little tweeters for the price.It 's hard to beat the improvement these have made to my car stereo for under $ 15 . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is the backing that keeps the whole speaker assembly together can be a little unreliable . If you tilted the speaker with too much pressure the back could just pop right off on you . Not such a big deal for the surface mount but if this same thing happened while using the internal mount , you 'd end up having to take your car apart to get in and re-attach the back . Other then this one little hiccup , the speakers sound great just wired straight in line with my front speakers . Helped to level out the bass from the back end and are n't too `` tinny '' like many other cheap tweeter sets.FINAL THOUGHT
 ok i ordered these a couple weeks ago , to throw together with everything i cld possibly buy for my system . i have two twelve inch 1400 watt boss subs on a 1400 watt amp , two 6.5 inch boss three way speakers , two 6x9 inch boss speakers all on a boss 400 watt amp on hpf for highs and all pass through a ssl eq , let me tell u it is loud , but the bass was slill way overpowering , so i got these tweeters to help even out the highs with the bass and they are great , had to play with my eq a bit more but these are crystal clear and can be very loud with no distortion although i cant turn volume to max so i doubt the max watt is as said . but its e tweeter , it dnt have to be . anyway i definately recomend these to ppl on a budget , or at least tru them out , cant go wrong for 12 dollars right ? I love them and im going to buy three more sets when i get another amp an two more subs ! -LRB- its crazy , treble can b heard two blocks with windows down or doors open -RRB-
 been happy with it ... just need to play with your EQ and placement and you are all good .
 So you know some of my background , I work as an engineer in the Audio recording and Broadcast Television industries for more than 25yrs . and have been an audiophile ever since I can remember . Last summer , I purchased a Boss 6 '' 2-way component speaker system for my Buick Century front doors . They were extremely affordable at $ 25 for the set , spec 'd out very well on paper , and had more than ample power handling capabilities to match my amp . To be honest , I had never heard of Boss Audio until I bought a Boss CX1800 5 Ch . amp -LRB- 80WRMSx4 & 200WRMSx1 @ .01 % THD sig . / noise > 105 dB -RRB- for this system , also having great specs on paper . I generally do n't buy any audio gear without first listening to them , but I went purely on the specs quoted and price was a big factor . I installed the amp before buying the speakers and I was absolutely blown away at the clarity and punch of the Boss Amp driving the new set of Sony X-Plode 6x9 3-ways -LRB- also and excellent sounding spkr . -RRB- in the rear and the factory door speakers as well as the 12 '' 2 Ohm sub in my trunk ! Having been so impressed with the amp , I figured why not try their speakers . So I bought the 2-way component system that uses this very tweeter . Again I was amazed at the clarity and soundstage of these tweeters . My son liked them so much , he bought a set to replace his blown Alpines . He only needed the woofers so the tweeters got set aside . He was also pleased and happy that he saved $ 80 since he did n't have to by another set of Alpines.So recently I have been rebuilding an old pair of JBL L19 's and needed a pair of tweeters . I figured I would pull out the Boss pair and give them a try . Feeding them a pristine 75W audio signal from my Van Alstine modified Dynaco 150 and listening to the movie soundtrack from `` Beyond the Sea '' with Kevin Spacey -LRB- Excellent recording -RRB- , I was once again blown away at the detail , clarity and texture of the vocals , horns , drums and cymbals . Effortless and very musical . Mind you , these are relatively small 2-way cabinets with 8 '' woofers crossed-over at 2.5 KHz. , but the sound was full and plenty loud only peaking at about -7 db on my meters ! I walked the soundstage to about 180 degrees off-axis and there was hardly any drop in level or detail in the high end . Fantastic dispersion . I could n't be happier if I had purchased tweeters at 3 times the cost . Can you tell that I am very pleased with my Boss purchases ? I think you will be too !
 These tweeters were a replacement for a set of vifa tweeters that i had . I needed a replacement for the vifas due to size constraints , the vifas while they sound great were 21/2 inches and would not fit in the window sill were the side view mirrors are mounted , but these little BOSS TW-15 tweeeters were perfect and they swivel for better staging and direction of highs . They sound good , maybe not as good as the vifas which cost three times as much , but with a wider range of placement applications due to its size -LRB- 11/2 inches -RRB- and it 's ability to swivel although minimal one can direct the highs , and the highs are more directional sensetive then say the a midrange or a subwoofer . In general its sound quality is good , mounting options are great and price per performance ca n't be beat
 These are great , easy to install and fit . Set nicely on the doors , and sound really good . Price was cheap , but stil great quality .
 This s *** slaps these tweeters slaps i think these tweeters are the ones you have to buy they dont sound like a bunch of bees there
 I got these to replace the factory tweeters if the door of my Ford fusion.I am happy with them they have improved the sound quality in the car considerably they a a bit louder than the factory tweets but the sound quality is higher I have not noticed any undesirable sound from them thus far -LRB- installed for about two weeks now -RRB- the only reason they do n't get a Five star is because I had to modify the mounting hardware to make them fit inside the factory location ... but that 's just me I like the system to be low profile and not hanging out on the dash or sticking off the door panel.Over all worth the money .
 They work great sound better then the stock , but docent seem like the bass blockers are working . over all i would buy again , been using them for a few months now
 Bought these for my b/f to go with his system for his truck . Very nice product , easy to hook up and install , they work and sounds great , and do the job a tweeter is suppose to do !!
 I bought this computer from a store a little less than a year ago . The computer runs very well -LRB- there were slight problems at the beginning when we paid the store to have a tech guy set it up to enhance and maximize performance , needless to say he was n't very bright -RRB- . Occassionally I have some problems with the DVD program PowerDVD that is installed , but mostly the computer runs fantastic . I have burned around 100 DVDs and CDs with the drive and it still runs . The programs that are provided by Sony for this computer are very good for beginners , but anyone that wants more out of them knows which programs they should be using anyway . All in all , I spent around $ 1200 for the tower and that is still a good price for a comparable computer . I would by another VAIO if I ever had to -LRB- which I doubt I will -RRB- .
 This antenna didnt fit my car not sure where the problem lied it said it would work but thus it is it is an antenna and shipped fast .
 I love the features of this VCR , especialy the automatic commercial advance . The VCR marks the beginning and end of commercials and then automatically fast forwards through them on playback . A time-shifter 's dream ! I previously reviewed this as 3 stars because it was incompatible with my new Panasonic HDTV set . I found out that the TV was the problem , not the VCR . Now that I have hooked it up to my Sony XBR HDTV , I am very pleased with my purchase .
 I 've had it a few weeks , and everything has worked as expected . The power save and commercial advance features are very useful , and work as advertised . Minor disappointments are that only 8 programs can be set up , and the programming interface could be better . For example , I could easily enter the program time using the number keys -LRB- 1-2-3-0 for 12:30 , for example -RRB- , but instead I must use the up and down arrows , slowly advancing from 01 to 30 .
 I am electronics illiterate . When my VCR broke down I had no idea how to tell what was good and what was not . Being a single mom , I dont have anyone to help me decide . All I knew was that my 3 kids needed a VCR and quick ! I read the reviews other people had given about every VCR from Amazon.com . I got frustrated trying to decipher all the technical terminology . If you are electronics illiterate also , I am here to tell you , I love this VCR . It is easy to operate and rewinds quickly and quietly . I was amazed at how light it was . This is definitely worth the money and I would encourage anyone to purchase this item .
 Overall , I would rate this product as a `` good buy '' . However , with just a couple of adjustments , the product would be a great buy . Two primary compliments are
 This is best VCRs I have ever seen . I just installed one of these for my uncle . I could not believe the picture this produces . Frankly , this machine replays tapes better than any other recorder on the market I have seen in years . The picture was excellent .
 Simply put , this VCR is the only one I suggest purchasing . Not only is it user friendly , there are so many options that make your viewing pleasure incredibly efficient . If you tape daily programs , you will surely enjoy the easy programming and the fast advance through commercials that you do n't even need to set-up . Great purchase ; great playing clarity , and highly user friendly .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- This VCR is packed with great features -LRB- like VCR + silver and commercial advance -RRB- and has great picture quality even when using my rabbit ears antenna -LRB- no cable ! -RRB- . When researching VCR 's , I found that the Panasonic name was at the top in terms of reliability . Put that together with the features and it was a no-brainer for me . Great VCR ... no regrets .
 This VCR is great . The picture looks like a DVD playback , and the sound is first rate . The vcr plus took three days instead of overnight to set up , but that was really no problem . The vcr timer continues to work during set up .
 ... Incredible picture which is DVD quality , fast , sleek beautiful and ` inexpensive ' ! Everything operates incredibly well . I highly recommend this item .
 I studied ratings and descriptions carefully before selecting this model ; so thought I was getting something that would give me a lot of control -- but did n't realize that many of the features for which I selected it do n't work with my cable connection : VCR + is incompatible ; in order to be able to record off the air , I had to have someone come up from the cable company to program it in a way that was not described in the manual , which I did read very carefully.It does play very well when I use a readymade videotape -- but I wanted more than that .
 I had a VCR for a long time and it finally went out . I was so glad to find one that I did n't need to throw away my new DVD players for . It works great and am having fun watching my videos again . Thanks
 I purchased this VCR to replace my several year old Panasonic one . The biggest difference is the sound . I love good sound effect , and the PV-V4621 is great ! It integrates very well into my home theater system with nice Dolby 5.1 . I 'm not sure if the picture quality is much better than my old one though . The playback of recorded TV program seems grainy , a little worse than expected . The noise during rewinding is way too loud , but the action was fast . The VCR plus feature is great . Overall , a good VCR in this price range .
 The performance and picture quality of this unit are all up to Panasonic 's usual standards . You wo n't be disappointed . However , if you are one of the many people who have trouble programming a VCR , skip this unit . The remote is used for all TV and VCR functions with the tiny buttons serving dual purposes . The layout is not intuitive or user-friendly . I usually have no problem using electronics but I find myself taking more time than necessary to program this unit . In its defense , this is our alternate VCR/TV and thus it is n't used to often . Maybe with more use it would get easier . Four stars only because of issues mentioned .
 We have 2 of these great Panasonic tv/vcrs , one in our son 's room , hooked up to many different gaming systems over the years , and one in grandma 's room . The color is beautiful and they last forever . We always buy Panasonic televisions and this one is exceptional if you are looking for the smaller screen . Great price too .
 This is a very good TV set . Certainly this model is one of the best 2-Head Combination TV-VCRs I have seen this year . True to their long tradition Panasonic still makes an excellent 13-inch Television set . On a 13-inch set the electron gun has only a short distance to aim and deliver a precise image against the phosphor screen . The electron gun can keep very accurate control within this distance . The closer the electron gun is to the back of the screen improves control to deliver a good sharp picture . That is why 9-inch sets look very sharp . The VCR section has 2 Video Heads and Linear Sound . VHS tapes look amazingly sharp and vivid .
 Bought this tv from dorm life at college and its great ! 3 things to say ... 1 . comes with a tv and vcr a huge + -LRB- had it for 6 mo. with no problems -RRB- 2 . Awesome picture quality and great realiablity -LRB- had other Panasonic products that are still working that are much older -RRB- 3 . Great price for a tv/vcr combo especially someone like me who has on a small budget .
 I purchased this for use at the Developmental Education section of our college . I have heard nothing but good reviews on the ease of using this VCR/TV combination . It boasts good picture , great sound , and easy operation . I would recommend this model for anyone needing/wanting a small vcr/tv combo .
 I am able to get channels on this TV with my little portable antenna , that I was always unable to get in my apartment before ! This is the only TV I own that is not hooked up to cablevision , that I am actually able to tune in ! The VCR picture quality and sound quality is great ! It is a good size to put in front of a stationery bicycle . It is very light in weight and easy to carry . It is no trouble to move it from one location to another . The automatic clock , channel setting and on screen prompts make it a snap to set up and use !
 This is the EASIEST setup in the world . If hooked to cable , it programs the channels automatically . No fuss , no muss , no mess.My parents LOVE theirs . The picture quality is outstanding !
 This is the perfect bedroom companion ! The TV works beautifully , and the VCR is nicely integrated both on the set and via the remote . The adequate -LRB- but not great -RRB- FM tuner is a nice touch , and the alarm clock feature is wonderful , allowing you to get up to music or to TV . That it has a built-in battery source to counteract a power failure and an auto-time setting feature make it that much more secure when doing alarm clock duty . Overall , this is the Swiss Army Knife of small TVs .
 I just purchased this television/vcr , and I absolutely love it ! It is perfect for those with limited space , and since I am about to graduate from college and move to an unknown place , I know it wo n't be a hastle to lug this baby around . It 's also white , which makes it blend in with the decor . This television has more features than I was looking for , but I am happy about them . There is a night feature , which adjusts the brightness of the screen to allow for the change of light at night , the VCR leaves a nice info code on anything you tape for easier search , and there is a commercial skip , so when you tape your fav show , you can just press it and miss the commercials . I am a TV Production major and I work with a lot of digital equipment and there are inputs for audio and visual equipment to be added easily if needed . I highly recommend this television for those who are in dorms or getting their first apartment . There are handles in the back for easy transport . A delightful addition . The alarm feature allows you to wake to a FM radio station -LRB- did I mention it had a remore-operated radio also-saves room ! -RRB- fav video or tv station . And the close-captioning feature on mute allows me to know what 's going on when I am on the phone . Love it , Love it , Love it .
 I like this little TV . My four year old already knows how to use it for her video tapes . So ease of use is definitely a 5 star for me . The picture is also nice and clear .
 A very good machine at a good price . Lets face it folks , you do n't need or want to spend a lot of money on a VCR today considering that any movie buff is now buying movies in the DVD format . The only reason we need a VCR now is to tape TV shows . That being said , this machine has good taping and playback quality . One very important feature it has is that it tapes in all 3 modes , SP , LP , and SLP . I have noticed lately that for no good reason many VCR 's no longer have the LP mode , the 4 hour mode on a T-120 tape . I have a high end JVC VCR that does n't tape in that mode , ridiculous . One thing that bothers me about most VCRs being made now is that you need the remote to use many functions like timer recording etc. . If your remote gets broken you 're -LSB- out of luck -RSB- . You ca n't change the tape mode either . My old Fisher you could do everything with or without the remote control . This is progress ? Well , anyway you ca n't get a better or more reliable VCR than this one for the price and more -LSB- higher priced -RSB- ones wo n't show a noticeable difference .
 I do n't know if this is the same model that I had , but I need a new vcr and this is going to be the brand that I choose , the reason being I bought one back in 1994 and it just recently stopped working , I think to have a vcr that works for 10 years is almost unreal , especially how much I used it , I usually tape between 6-8 hrs a day every day , and the 10 years that I had it , my father probably went through about 6-7 vcr 's all different brands and some of them were well known like Sony & Panasonic -LRB- none of them quasar -RRB- and he just recently gave me one of his that he hardly used , and I 'm already having problems with it . So as for the brand quasar itself , I think it is a reliable & smart choice !
 Great card to add additional firewire ports to my system . Plugged right into my Mac . Up and running -- No problems . Works just fine with my MOTU Traveler audio interface . Thanks KeySpan .
 If you love music loud and clean , you need to audition these . I have listened to many speakers in my time and , in my opinion , you would be hardpressed to find a better performer for the money . I listen to a variety of types of music and I 'm never disappointed in these speakers . Played through a 50wpc tube amp and coupled with a PSW 12 sub , the sound is so good that I hear things on my CD 's I have n't heard before . And my old speakers are on the famous Stereophile Recommended Components list . I did notice that a bookshelf speaker in this Studio Series is already recommended by Stereophile as well , so that should be an indication that this is a serious speaker . Do not confuse this series with some others in the JBL line . The Studio Series is for real .
 This is JBL 's first offering worth purchasing since my old L100 's . Buy a pair ... and put them up against anything in the ... . You also get plenty of lows without purchasing a sub . They really perform after about 40 hours of break in . Reverse one of the leads , face the pair together , throw a blanket over them and give them a couple to three days .
 These speakers are perfect , great looks , great sound , they are heavy though -LRB- 70lbs -RRB- , but what can you expect . They are worth every cent , they can play very loud while staying clear . They are beautiful .
 Speakers sounded clear with deep bass.Blew tweeter before first year was up , have a relativly high powered system -LRB- within rec specs -RRB- . After placing order 4 months ago I am still waiting for part from jbl.Owned several types of jbl 's including L100Ts and s -412 's and loved them all.FOLLOW UP-for do it your selfers when ordering a replacement part from jbl a copy of the reciept is needed.after misunderstanding on my part cleared up customer service was outstanding .
 Not only do I own a pair of these great speakers , but I also decided to build my home theater system around them . I have the S38 's for surround , the S-Center speaker and not one but two PB12 subwoofers -LRB- I like a lot of bass -RRB- ! Action , science fiction and horror movies are truly brought to life with these speakers . My CD collection has never sounded better . I have a Sony receiver rated at 120 watts per channel and so far I have not been able to turn it up even half way , that 's how efficient these speakers are ! So , if you want to rock the floors and walls , put a permanent smile on your face , and put a frown on your neighbors faces , check these speakers out , you will not be disappointed !
 Love these speakers.To bad they do n't make them anymore!I have the set of `` studio series '' matching speakers , and love the look as well as the sound.These are very efficient speakers , and bring out everything.I especially enjoy them for music , but they are also incomparable for heart-pounding movie scenes when paired with the center channel studio series speaker!No complaints - they are solid enough that you could put a vase on them and crank `` The Doors '' / Zepplin and no worries about is shaking and falling off !
 Good bass.Really good clarity.This is one of a few speakers that has a 12 '' bass driver.exelent sound if combined with a good AV reciever.Be carefull ... you might get drunk on them . read the reviews on this speaker is REALLY GOOD SPEAKER FOR THE MONEY IF YOU LUCKY TO GET ONE AROUND.Gioxtream .
 Unlike its little brother , the JBL S310 , which is a great speaker , JBL really turned it up a level producing the high-quality , d.j.PROFESSIONAL JBL S312BE STUDIO SERIES . THIS PUTSOUT 250 WATTS , LIKE ITS YOUNGER BROTHER , BUT MADE THE BASS 2 `` LARGER , ALL BUILT WITHIN A CABINET THAT STAYS STILL AT PEAK LEVELS OF PERFORMANCES ! THE HIGHS , MIDRANGE , AND BASS JUST POUND OUT SUPERB QUALITY MUSIC . The price one would need to payfor a comparable speaker , would be hundreds more , and gain verylittle quality over these monsters ! Serious about music and its quality ? The JBL S312 STUDIO SERIES HAS IT ALL !
 I purchased these speakers along with the Studio Series Center channel speaker for my home system . I was looking for a speaker that would sound great when I was listening to music but would n't lack in performance when used in a home theater setting . These speakers have handled everything from Heavy Metal to Classical & from Life is Beautiful to Armaggedon and I could n't be happier with them . If you are looking for a speaker that can handle these types of applications then look no further . Of course you could always go and spend more on speakers but at this price point there is no equal in my mind .
 These speakers are some of the best I 've ever heard . They are very clear and still shake everything in our apartment . Now our neighbors really hate us
 The design is very home -LRB- or professional -RRB- theater oriented . The sound is SOOOO GOOD ! I mean these guys actually make the speaker systems you go to the movies to hear movies from.The S310s equal outstanding imaging , dynamics , and good looks . They actually look better in person than they do in the picture above and they look great in that picture ! You could spend MUCH more - but why ? These speakers have great bass -LRB- but never sound boomy -RRB- . I bought 5 of them so I could have equal sound in my DD 5.1 / DTS home theater setup . It really has made a difference , as there is much -LRB- directional -RRB- bass and midrange coming from behind and especially from the all-important center.CD 's sound great -LRB- never harsh - just wide-open and free -RRB- . Use with or sans grills they look cool either way . I 've loved -LRB- and bought into -RRB- JBL 's cool approach to speaker design since the 60 's . They went through a couple of decades of so-so home systems . However , JBL is back in action with these speakers and they are the BEST I 've ever owned . I guess I like 'em - huh?BTW , The XBOX rocks through these gems !
 I know I ca n't talk too much about religion here , but I 'm gon na . I 'm a Buddhist/Hindu , but I do n't attend any worshipping . I grew up a Christian , so that 's why I get the occasional Christmas present . Alright , last year at Christmas , I received two of these amazing speakers , and a CD from one of my favorite bands -LRB- Fear Factory -RRB- . It just so happens that Fear Factory are a very brutally heavy electro-metal band , and this was a remix CD , so every track rocked extra hard . I live in a condo , so everyone else around me was just getting up . I plugged these in and whacked `` Fear is the Mindkiller '' on at top volume . In an instant , people were at my door complaining . I told them I 'd turn it down , and I did . One notch . I played it the whole day long . My other five presents were opened the next day . One of them was another Fear Factory CD . Anytime you want to annoy your neighbors or are missing a concert in a neighboring city -LRB- that does n't happen to me because I live in L.A. -RRB- pop something on with these speakers . I 've been in many recording studios , and these speakers surpass even some of their sound by a lot . The bass is also amazing , only without too much thumping . They look pretty swanky , too .
 I ordered this for my mom & she loves it , its great quality & in my opinion it spruced up her outdated ipod -LRB- lol -RRB- .
 This is an excellent product . It arrived quickly and is exactly what I ordered . I would highly recommend it to anyone ! It 's super cute and fits my iPod Classic perfectly !
 This is yet another exceptional combination TV-VCRs from Panasonic . Panasonic has a lock on the 9inch TV market . One reason is the incredible picture quality they have for this size screen . Nobody else comes close . The picture is crisp and sharp . VHS tapes look incredibly detailed . This white cased unit comes with an automobile-chord , which allows portable AC/DC operation if you so desire . It also has front -LRB- mono -RRB- audio-video jacks for camcorder connection and a built-in FM radio .
 Panasonic produces excellent 9inch TVs . Smaller screens give you crisper and more brilliant looking pictures . This is a very exact 2-head TV-VCR with monaural playback . Videotapes look really good on this unit . You can take it along with you with the Car cord included for portable AC/DC operation . It has a Built-in FM radio with auto scan and front audio-video jacks which come in handy . This unit gives you incredible picture quality because of its inherent size and design . Videotapes that do n't look so great at home look excellent when played on this unit . The picture actually looked very sharp . I highly recommend this set .
 I recently purchased this camera after having a previous samsung for a few years . It takes great pictures and the effects are great . The ad states that it has a switchable panoramic mode which it does not so that was disappointing , but having the panoramic before I never used it much anyway . I would recommend the Samsung Evoca 115 because it has the panoramic , and also has captions you can choose on the pictures which is great when you have kids !
 I 'm in the other side of the worl . I bouth in Hong Kong , and I live in Chile -LRB- Sudamerica -RRB- . The item arrived in very good condition , and the seller allways question me if I been received.Very good seller
 With new technology comming out , this is one of the bests back in time , 2gbs for a PSP was a lot , now a days a good working PSP can handle up to 8gb of Memory Stick pro duo , and that is A LOT ! I recommend it , eventhough I dont have it : D
 I still ca n't believe I got a 2 gig memory card for $ 38 including tax , AND an adapter as well . Amazing ...
 This series continues to have one of the finest combination TV-VCRs I have seen . Panasonic and Sony both make the best 13inch TVs . One reason is the incredible picture quality it has for this size screen size . A smaller picture tube always delivers a superior picture . The picture is crisp and sharp . It makes VHS tapes look incredibly good .
 I am so pleased with the one I just purchased that I am getting a second one . People told me not to buy a combo in case one system breaks . Dispite the comments , at this price I did n't think I would lose that much , so I purchased my first combo a month ago . No more cable hook-up hassles , no more awkward VCR placement on top of the TV , it is so easy to use . Just plug it in and you 're ready to go . I just gave it to my 4 year old so he can watch his video 's , he mastered the controls in 5 minutes . It 's light weight and easy to move around . I appreciate that this four head was only a little more then the 2 head . I 'm going to buy another one and take it to work .
 I needed to replace a broken retractable antenna on my car . This product was a fairly reasonable price , installation was fairly easy and it seems to work fairly well . If there is one area I think could be improved it 's the ability of the antenna to pull in weaker stations . If you are outside an area with strong signals it has trouble receiving those weaker stations -LRB- and when it does receive them it does n't sound great -- as compared to a different antenna in my wife 's van under similar conditions -RRB- . However , all things considered , it does the job and I 'd buy it again .
 I 'm typing this review while looking at one of these right now . It 's about ten years old . I brought it home from work a number of years ago , and it 's making so many noises now when it powers up that I think that it 's time is coming to an end.I 've been staring at it for hours researching LCD monitors . I 'm glad this old beast lasted long enough to get me through the time of the early LCD monitors so that now I think I can get an LCD that I like as much as this old CRT.I will miss monitors that run many different resolutions well , and do n't have a `` native '' resolution that looks great while the other resolutins look blurry and weird . I wo n't , however , miss monitors that weigh 78 lbs.This 21 '' Trinitron was the thing to have in it 's day , and it was built to last . All good things must come to an end , however . Goodbye old friend .
 I needed a camera bag that would hold and protect my precious Canon Rebel while I went backpacking though Mammoth Mtn. , Ca for a week . I needed a case that would allow me to carry my camera by my side to allow me to quickly get out my camera to snap a few shots and stick it back in . I decided on this bag for a few reasons
 I 've bought 50 of these and the 213T for my company over the last 2 years.Perfect for a business environment . Nice sharp display , nice colors , and super reliability.People watch video on them , but I 'm guessing response rate still does n'tmatch a CRT or newer design.Zero failures , zero dead pixels . Out of 50 monitors.What more can I say.An interesting observation . Everyone loves when you show them the rotatefeature , but only one person out of the last 200 people has actually lefttheir monitor that way .
 If you love music loud and clean , you need to audition these . I have listened to many speakers in my time and , in my opinion , you would be hardpressed to find a better performer for the money . I listen to a variety of types of music and I 'm never disappointed in these speakers . Played through a 50wpc tube amp and coupled with a PSW 12 sub , the sound is so good that I hear things on my CD 's I have n't heard before . And my old speakers are on the famous Stereophile Recommended Components list . I did notice that a bookshelf speaker in this Studio Series is already recommended by Stereophile as well , so that should be an indication that this is a serious speaker . Do not confuse this series with some others in the JBL line . The Studio Series is for real .
 This is JBL 's first offering worth purchasing since my old L100 's . Buy a pair ... and put them up against anything in the ... . You also get plenty of lows without purchasing a sub . They really perform after about 40 hours of break in . Reverse one of the leads , face the pair together , throw a blanket over them and give them a couple to three days .
 These speakers are perfect , great looks , great sound , they are heavy though -LRB- 70lbs -RRB- , but what can you expect . They are worth every cent , they can play very loud while staying clear . They are beautiful .
 Speakers sounded clear with deep bass.Blew tweeter before first year was up , have a relativly high powered system -LRB- within rec specs -RRB- . After placing order 4 months ago I am still waiting for part from jbl.Owned several types of jbl 's including L100Ts and s -412 's and loved them all.FOLLOW UP-for do it your selfers when ordering a replacement part from jbl a copy of the reciept is needed.after misunderstanding on my part cleared up customer service was outstanding .
 Not only do I own a pair of these great speakers , but I also decided to build my home theater system around them . I have the S38 's for surround , the S-Center speaker and not one but two PB12 subwoofers -LRB- I like a lot of bass -RRB- ! Action , science fiction and horror movies are truly brought to life with these speakers . My CD collection has never sounded better . I have a Sony receiver rated at 120 watts per channel and so far I have not been able to turn it up even half way , that 's how efficient these speakers are ! So , if you want to rock the floors and walls , put a permanent smile on your face , and put a frown on your neighbors faces , check these speakers out , you will not be disappointed !
 Love these speakers.To bad they do n't make them anymore!I have the set of `` studio series '' matching speakers , and love the look as well as the sound.These are very efficient speakers , and bring out everything.I especially enjoy them for music , but they are also incomparable for heart-pounding movie scenes when paired with the center channel studio series speaker!No complaints - they are solid enough that you could put a vase on them and crank `` The Doors '' / Zepplin and no worries about is shaking and falling off !
 Good bass.Really good clarity.This is one of a few speakers that has a 12 '' bass driver.exelent sound if combined with a good AV reciever.Be carefull ... you might get drunk on them . read the reviews on this speaker is REALLY GOOD SPEAKER FOR THE MONEY IF YOU LUCKY TO GET ONE AROUND.Gioxtream .
 Unlike its little brother , the JBL S310 , which is a great speaker , JBL really turned it up a level producing the high-quality , d.j.PROFESSIONAL JBL S312BE STUDIO SERIES . THIS PUTSOUT 250 WATTS , LIKE ITS YOUNGER BROTHER , BUT MADE THE BASS 2 `` LARGER , ALL BUILT WITHIN A CABINET THAT STAYS STILL AT PEAK LEVELS OF PERFORMANCES ! THE HIGHS , MIDRANGE , AND BASS JUST POUND OUT SUPERB QUALITY MUSIC . The price one would need to payfor a comparable speaker , would be hundreds more , and gain verylittle quality over these monsters ! Serious about music and its quality ? The JBL S312 STUDIO SERIES HAS IT ALL !
 Thought I 'd write this up , since there were no other reviewsas 11/2003 -LRB- and because I found other 's reviews extremelyhelpful -RRB- . The Keyspan 2.0 Cardbus 2port USB 2.0 card installedperfectly on my Dell Inspiron 4100 , running Windows XP.Windows found all drivers necessary ; I did not have toinstall drivers from the included CD-ROM . Data seemed to transfer at a fine rate to/from my newLexar Media 2.0 JumpDrive Pro.I do not have the tools to benchmark performance , but it seemed to exceed the performance of my oldSCSI Jaz drive attached to a 16-bit SCSI PCMCIA card.So far so good ! If it toasts I 'll review this review !
 I bought this from amazon.com with great expectations . After installing it , however , I found to my dismay that it did n't work with USB 2.0 devices - the system would lock up every time it tried to send data to my USB 2 device -LRB- Lexar USB2 Multi-Card Reader -RRB- ! My old mouse based on USB 1.1 worked just fine , but not the USB 2 card reader . After 3 hours of struggling and research online I finally found the problem . Apparently , windows xp originally does not support USB 2.0 , only in Service Pack 1 this becomes available . Since I was running XP without SP1 , I had to rely on the drivers that came with this card . However , these drivers for the NEC chipset -LRB- on which this card is based -RRB- are v. 2.0.7 , and they appear to be buggy . After a lengthy search online I found the drivers v. 2.0.8 - installed them and now the card works just great . It clocks ~ 3.1 MB/s download and ~ 2.8 MB/s upload with my Lexar Multi-Card reader . Unfortunately , this is the only device I have to test its speed with , but it works great so far ! I 'm giving it 4 stars , because the installation was so long and complicated - besides , Keyspan 's website did not have the updated drivers , which is a shame ... So if you buy this card and if you 're running WinXP without SP1 , make sure you download v. 2.0.8 drivers for NEC USB 2.0 chipsets . Here 's a link
 I have a 1 year old IBM T series laptop that came with the old USB 1.1 ports . After recently acquiring an iPod , I needed to upgrade the USB capability in order to speed up the downloads from iTunes as well as charge the unit . After doing a great deal of online shopping for Cadbus USB cards , I decided on this model for its affordability as well as the fact it came with an A/C adapter in case I needed the additional juice to power and charge the iPod . So far I have n't needed to use it , but it 's nice to know I have it just in case . -LRB- I usually use the wall charger , but if you own/buy a mini iPod , you should know they no longer come with the A/C adapter . -RRB- People , the issue with all the problems I 'm seeing on these cards are coming from two issues . One
 This screen is worth every penny . Sets up easily and quickly . Light . Mobile . Transmits and reflects projections wonderfully . Needs at least an 8.5 foot ceiling though .
 Good Points : Everything is built in.Good remoteExcellent picture qualityImmune to external radio interference -- I tested every major brand . Panasonic is the only manufacturer that designs TV to be immune to external interference.Nice size for any room.Bad Side.I could not get my cable box remote to turn this set on . It will turn it off and run every other option . This is a common problem with built-in VCRs ,
 Initially VCR played a poor picture of the very first tape in the TV but after a slight calibration adjustment - the picture looked very clean . Other than tapes , the TV quality and sound is really good . It 's become my wifes favorite TV of 3 . My only concern is screwing down this TV to a TV stand because it is so light weight . My two year old son can slide it on the table where it sits and can easily slide it off the table .
 Definitely this model is one of the best 4-Head Combination TV-VCRs I have seen this year . Panasonic traditionally makes excellent 13inch TVs . On a 13inch set the electron gun has a very short distance to aim and deliver a precise image against the phosphor screen . The electron gun can keep very accurate control . The closer the electron gun is to the back of the tube 's screen gives it that control to deliver a good sharp picture . VHS tapes look very good . This compact unit has 4 Video Heads , Linear Sound , Commercial Advance and Index Search . Remote is included .
 I returned the 1321 when its 2 head VCR component malfunctioned & I ordered instead the 1351 . For an extra couple of dollars , the VCR is upgraded to a 4 head unit which greatly improves playback quality . Also , this unit in white is more attractive . I have appended my review of the 1321 below . ********************************************************** This is the perfect bedroom companion ! The TV works beautifully , and the VCR is nicely integrated both on the set and via the remote . The adequate -LRB- but not great -RRB- FM tuner is a nice touch , and the alarm clock feature is wonderful , allowing you to get up to music or to TV . That it has a built-in battery source to counteract a power failure and an auto-time setting feature make it that much more secure when doing alarm clock duty . Overall , this is the Swiss Army Knife of small TVs .
 I purchased this xmas night -LRB- tuesday -RRB- and received it thursday morning ! I have an apple computer as my main workstation and was running out of storage space quick since i recently got into video editing with Final Cut Studio 2 . I got this one since it has USB , FW400 , and FW800 , the 2 latter which stream audio and video extremely quickly -LRB- USB 2.0 sends data in packets so HD video would stutter on playback in the editor , FireWire sends data as streams -RRB- . The Drive is Very quiet , dosnt make a peep , even when reading or writing , and there is no annoying fan noise . The sleek aluminum case never gets hot and it matches perfectly to my sleek apple laptop.Even though it is not as portable as some other drives are marketed to be , it is still very easy to transport with WD 's simple button interface . Hit the center button and the drive will eject and turn itself off ! All you have to do is unplug and toss in your bag or w/e . Must have for anyone that has a lot of music , pictures , or videos.One thing you should all know if you didnt all ready , the reason why computers seem to get slow over time is because as a HD gets full , the seek time increases for info , getting all the large files and the bulk of your collection on an external leaves the main HD fairly clean for faster system performance .
 In my opinion , if you are in the market for an External Hard Drive and Western Digital 320GB My Book is what you want , but ca n't decide between Essential Edition , Premium Edition , and this one - Pro Edition , this is the one to get . With it 's triple interface you can transfer files using USB 2.0 , FireWire 400 , and FireWire 800 . If your computer is not compatible with FireWire 800 , I would reccommend the Essential Edition . I would n't reccommend the Premium Edition at all . It 's really the same as Essential , except it has FireWire 400 , the ring on the front that lights up to tell you how full it is , and back-up software , which is n't good at all . FireWire 400 is worse than USB 2.0 , in my opinion , so obviously do n't buy it for that reason . If you 're going to use FireWire , get FireWire 800 . This allows 800Mbit/s , while FireWire 400 allows 400Mbit/s , and USB 2.0 480Mbits/s . If you 're looking to get it , but do n't want just the essential edition , get this edition , do n't even contemplate getting the premium edition , as it 'd be a waste of money!I also like the colors of this one -LRB- silver case , blue light -RRB- more than the Essential and Premium ones -LRB- black case , green light -RRB- , but that 's just my opinion .
 I have had this unit several months now and I am very happy with the unit . I know that this unit is now out of production so you would have to find a similar WD unit , I wanted a external HD that would last me several years years as I do not upgrade CPU every time a new one comes out . That is why I wanted one that had USB , and both 400 and 800 firewire interfaces.I would recommend any of Western Digital Hard drives to anyone looking for external or for that matter internal drives . I am a buyer for a university bookstore and have found Western Digital to be very reliable . We have not had to sent one unit back as being defective . I can not tell you how many have purchased in the various My Book Series of HD 's .
 Bought this product to work with my iMac in order to take advantage of the time machine program . I 've had it approximately for six months and works flawlessly .
 Completely satisfied !! No complaints to offer . Had every feature I was looking for -LRB- plus more -RRB- at a reasonable price . Quality picture and sound !! Highly recommend !!
 I 've been looking for noise cancelling headphones for several months now -LRB- I do a lot of yard work around the house and there is a lot of noise -RRB- and decided to go with these . They are a new product so they do n't carry the huge overhead that most of the others do . I was kind of sceptical at first , but for 25 bucks compared to 100 why not try . I tried them the first day and the sound is unbelievable , and they block out a good amount of outside noise and that 's good for the ears . These could easily sell for $ 50 . I highly recommend these if you are in the market and do n't want to pay a huge overhead just for a name brand . I am starting my second month using them .
 I went into my FC Store and told them about the review that the attachment got . Since I am in the process of buying a Palm Vx , I wanted to make sure that the attachment fit . They were extemely helpful . They took the attachment out of the package and let me put it in my Pocket Planner and it is a perfect fit ! They said that the person who wrote the previous review may have had the attachment for the Palm III , which would n't have fit properly in the Pocket Planner.I just wanted to let you know my experience . As for seeing if the Palm Vx will fit in my Zipper Pocket without appearing too bulky remains to be seen.The attachment DOES fit the Pocket Planner .
 1 -RRB- Shut down computer2 -RRB- Open computer case3 -RRB- Put anti-static-strap on wrist and clip to metal on computer case -LRB- important any time you fool around inside a computer -RRB- 4 -RRB- Insert card5 -RRB- Close computer case6 -RRB- Boot up computerDone.Works just great on my G4 Mac . No drivers to install , nothing to download or adjust , no jumpers , no nothing . Plug it in and it works . Another good experience with Keyspan -LRB- and Apple -RRB- -- I will continue buying their stuff as long as they keep putting out good products . : -RRB-
 I installed this card on a Mac Dual G4 running Mac OSX 10.3 and also on a Dell PC running Windows XP . On both machines it worked fine with no need to download drivers.I did have a problem when I plugged a Zip drive -LRB- USB 1.1 device -RRB- into the card and put my Mac to sleep . It would not wake up . I do n't know if this is a problem with the Iomega driver or USB card . The computer sleep function worked fine with the Zip plugged into the Mac 's built-in USB 1.1 port . I 've heard there can be some problems with some devices or cards not being compatable with the sleep function , but when I sent an e-mail to Keyspan tech support to ask about this , I never received an answer .
 My husband and I are both media maniacs ! It 's not that we watch an abundance of TV , but when we do , or view DVD 's , we are very critical . This product is really a great buy . It is everything we expected , as well as the usual excellence in customer service and delivery from amazon.com.The only thing that I believe may surprise or annoy some people , is that the user 's guide has significant set-up instructions . Since this does not bother us -LRB- we actually like it -- OK , call us geeks -RRB- , this was not a problem . But for those consumers who want to buy , click and use -- this may be cumbersome/frustrating . Consumers should keep in mind that any home electronic equipment with this many fabulous , built-in features may require significant set-up time to experience its full value.Thanks , amazon.com !
 As a mildly obsessive , to out right fiendish connoisseur of ... video entertainment I was perplexed 4 years ago when DVD &#8217; s came on the scene . I had my trusty vcr that brought me the satisfaction I needed to make it through the day . But the incredible picture and sound produced by the DVD format made me very jealous of the others in my video trading club who could afford the then expensive DVD players . But I was n't worried , my vcr was fine , and films were still in ample supply in that format . Then about a year ago , the guys in my video trading group seamed to only have DVDs . At the next swap the guys decided they were going strictly DVD . I was devastated . I could not justify the purchase of a DVD player when my vcr was working fine . But I could not afford to lose the incredible selection an film swapping group allots you . So I went home and prayed for help for my predicament . One morning as I got ready for work my vcr just quit playing , right in the middle of my favorite flicks . I checked to make sure , but it was completely dead . I called in sick , went to Circuit City in search of a dream . I went in and explained my situation . They showed me the new vcrs , and the new DVDs , but going for the gold my young sales associate friend showed me his grand daddy model , the Panasonic PV-DF2700 . I did n't really need a new TV , but my 21 '' model was 12 years old , and it was about due for replacement . And that pure flat screen is just unbelievable . The clarity is a thousand times better then my old RCA . The DVD looks and sounds great , and the vcr is top notch for a non SVHS model . The remote control is both attractive and functional , with well marked keys and a nice sense of ergonomics . The DVD format is great , and all my favorite classics are being re-released on DVD . I for one can see no point at which DVD will ever stop . This was the best $ ... I have ever spent . When I showed up at the next video swap , everyone was in awe that I arrived with 5 brand new DVDs in hand . We had a group hug and they all congratulated me on a great leap into the brave new world of digital video . And when I told them I could record their DVDs while I watched them with just the push of a button , I realized they were the ones who were jealous now . I highly recommend this set to everyone . Thank you for your time .
 This was the best TV I ever saw , I cant believe how great it is . Anyone who wants a great TV buy this one . Its a great TV believe me . Everything works great . My friends our saving money to buy this dont choose any differ buy this one .
 We bought this TV/VCR for our daughter 's room after I had searched everywhere for WHITE . I love the looks of this TV , it fits nicely in to her armoire , and so far it has worked perfectly ! A great choice for anyone looking for a combo , especially in a clean fresh white !
 This video splitter simply does its job , exactly as expected.I use this to split VGA signal between a projector and an LCD monitor , and it works beautifully like magic . There 's no fade , blur or discoloration of any kind -- both projector and LCD both show exactly the same as if the signal was n't split.I 'd definitely buy more if I needed them.Note # 1
 I needed a hookup for our church to run our laptop and a projector at the same time for presentations and videos during services . This was a perfect device and the cost was great . There was no problem installing it and we can move it anywhere in the church very easily . I highly recommend this for anyone needing this type of hookup . Before , we tried a splitter Y-cable and the picture was always blured on the laptop . Not with this box . The picture is perfect and very clear on both devices .
 I work for a school district as tech support . We installed LCD projectors in the ceilings in a few of the classrooms and needed to have the video from the computer project onto the screen while also showing on the monitor . We had some `` Y '' video splitter cables , but they did not work at all . So I purchased these Aten 2 port 250MHz VGA splitters and they work great ! Very easy to install and set up , the picture is perfect , and everyone 's happy . The price was right also .
 One year ago I bought this and put in my wifes old , clunky Dell Optiplex GX260 , which was so slow that you could take a nice nap while windows was loading up.This dramatically increased the operating power of that old dinosaur , so without any reservations , I highly recommend it for anyone with an old 184pin RAM slot .
 This is a sweet little machine . It looks nice , and has some cool details like a spinning light animation that tells you when the disk is being accessed . The case is easy to take apart so you can replace the disk down the road . It 's super quiet . They also have a really neat solution for avoiding a bulky power supply - the power cord plugs into your serial keyboard port and draws it 's power from there . I 'm using it with Retrospect to backup my laptop and so far am happy with how easily it works , small , light , and well thought out it is .
 This was a perfect product . It 's so low cost , but works great and is great for a whimsical gift . We gave a bunch away for holiday gifts .
 recieved quickly - and 26 middle schools kids are going to be very happy it came with two free games pre loaded !!!
 To put it simple , it WORKS ! The belt clip is handy , so much better than having to go into your pocket , take out your iPod to change a song and whatnot . To sum it all up , buy it !! It 's worth it if you are looking for a case and a stand all in one . ^_^
 I was quite surprised by the craftsmanship - this is a beautifully built iPod holder . The stand-up viewing feature works quite well . I was pleased to find that the part of the case which covers the iPods fragile screen has been hardened with some kind of stiffening structure . The flap that forms the base for the stand covers the face of the iPod when closed , it is a bit bulky compared to some other designs , but the additional bulk is also additional protection - I 'm confident that I can drop this in my backpack without any risk that my iPod will get scratched .
 Good quality construction , ipod fits great into this case . The screen is clear and you can reach the controls without a problem . The kickstand works great too . I took one star away because I find that I need the ipod held at a more upright angle . The angles this case holds the ipod at are great if you are above the device and looking down on it . It holds it at about 35 , 45 and 55 degree angles . I find that I need an 80 or 90 degree angle since I 'm holding the ipod at almost eye level for the kids in the car . Otherwise great product .
 I purchased this product for my new iPOD classic since i wanted to use it while traveling , driving , working -LRB- sometimes -RRB- , gym etc. . Holding the iPOD in hand is a pain while watching video 's . While doing the work out in gym or walking or even during the iPOD requires a robust cover to protect from scratches . So in nutshell , i wanted a complete cover for my iPOD in order to suit my requirements . I browsed a number of products and figured this one as the best suitable and i do n't regret my decision to purchase this . It protects my iPOD at all times and helps me watching video 's without any pain on my hands . I removed one * from the rating because the cover slot is not big enough to fit my FM transmitter -LRB- which is like an interface used for charging iPOD -RRB- . A must for every one with iPOD classic .
 I bought this one for my brand new iPod Classic 80GB as a mechanical protection , since I covered the iPod with an Invisible Shield -LRB- no , no ... I 'm not some sort of mutant ... is a protective film to cover the iPod and protect it from scratches xDinvisibleSHIELD - iPod Video 30gb - Full Body Protector -RRB- . Let me tell , this is a great product , is very easy to use , my iPod fits perfectly in it , the stand of the iPod is very usefull , it looks great ... come on ... do you need anything else ? just buy it = -RRB-
 This case works great for standing you iPod on a flat surface , like a desk . I play a lot of movies as background noise on my iPod and I did n't want to spend the extra $ $ $ on a docking station with a remote . I have no use for a remote.Cons
 This product has been very helpful to me . I use my iPod for music , videos & audiobooks so I 'm constantly accessing it . If I was to suggest any changes , it might be to abandon the Velcro in favor of magnetic closures . Other than that , this case is excellent !
 This was just the case I needed -- the leather flap and plastic screen cover protect my 80GB iPod , and the kickstand makes it easy to watch videos . The belt clip works fine ; my only complaint is that there is no access to the click wheel unless you let the leather kickstand flap hang down from the belt clip . This looks strange and can be otherwise annoying , but nevertheless the product works great and does what I need it to do .
 Works well and is very stylish . The only downfall which is n't all that noticeable when watching a vid -LRB- as I believe someone mentioned -RRB- is that the soft plastic screen cover scratches fairly easy if you 're not careful with it . Otherwise , great cover , mine is an 80gb video .
 Had this monitor now for a month . Upgraded from a 19inch CRT . Thus far it lives up to the rave reviews.Seemed huge when I first put it on the desk , but actually takes up less room than my old CRT monster . I use monitor for both professional tasks -LRB- spreadsheets , writing , photoshop , etc. -RRB- , and gaming . Handles both equally well.In business apps Text and images are sharp and accurate . In gaming the images look great , nice blacks and I 've never experienced any ghosting in Crysis . Thinking maybe that is more something only extreme gaming enthusiasts might notice ... or maybe I am just getting old and ca n't see anymore . Either way the monitor works and looks amazing . Would get another in a heartbeat .
 This bracket is a very very fine bracket . It holds up the JBL speakers just fine and sturdily.The main problem is , finding one to buy !!! There seems to be no on the internet that sells this thing anymore - not even the manufacturer . What is this so ? Is there some kind of conspiracy against mounting JBL Speakers on the wall ?? Well there sure seems to be one .
 Do n't waste you $ $ $ on over-priced cable . This HDMI meets all of the same performance & loss requirements as the higher priced cables . Very high quality construction and solid design.There is absolutely NO signal loss and the cable is Fully shielded so EMC interference is not an issue . The construction is the same or better as the other top of the line HDMI cable at a fraction of the cost and what you would expect to pay for a good high quality HDMI cable .
 We have purchased Velcro wraps from local vendors in the past but have always found it difficult to find ones that were thin enough and durable enough for my guys in the field to use in their accessory bags for their laptop cables . The Mini Velcro wraps we purchased are amazing and I would highly recommend them to anyone that needs a nice clean way to organize cables whether for travel or to keep unsightly cables together at the office . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I use these for securing cables behind the computer , entertainment center , as well as looping unused cables and securing them with these . these are the thinner ones but work great . what else can i say ... ???? it 's velcro .
 I have a setup where I use two laptops and a desktop , so I thought it would be nice to share a monitor/keyboard/mouse so I started shopping for a good KVM switch . I even tried a generic docking station as part of the configuration , docking station was junk but the IOGear KVM is a decent replacement of the docking station.For the KVM , I actually tried one from Best Buy and if was decent but the response from the mouse was a little slow and it got annoying . Then I tried a Tripplite that I bought online . The mouse response was good but the display quality was horrible . By horrible I mean everything was blury like I forgot to put my glasses on . It would be fine for a server but not good for a constant use pc.The IOGear is great the display is as good as if it was n't through the KVM and the mouse response is good . The OSD -LRB- On-Screen Display -RRB- is a nice addition too , but not really something that I will use too much .
 What 's Hot : Cute design with great performance . Speedy ! Easy to set up and use . No software installation needed for Windows 2000 and Windows XP system.What 's Not : Draw power from external AC adapter instead of USB port directly . Bulkier then other card reader . Read CF cards only .
 Overview : ... I think this is a great product , especially with the rebate . It supports Compact Flash Type I & II cards . It uses USB 2.0 / 2.1 but is backward compatible to USB 1.1 . Unlike many other CF readers with low limits on CF card capacity , this reader supports up to 1024 MB -LRB- a.k.a. 1 GB -RRB- memory cards . This product is definitely an investment because it is up to date on memory card technology . It 's also Mass Storage Compliant , meaning it is automatically detected in Windows 2000 , ME , and XP . You will have to install drivers with Windows 98 ... I admit the instructions in the manual for installing the drivers were awful because they did not match the directories on the included CD . I tried choosing the drivers in the GFR201 directory like you would expect , but they did n't work . I emailed tech support for help and they sent me the drivers I needed . It looks the same as the drivers they list under the ION 2.5 / ION 98 directory on the CD so you might not have to email them . In the end it 's worth the trouble ... Mac lovers will appreciate this product is supported for OS 8.6 and above . My fiance has a Mac so it 's nice I can use the reader on a Mac and PC at the same time . It 's not that mobile though , because it 's a bit larger than pocket size and it has the power adapter . You have to admit it looks cool , and therefore more expensive than many of the other CF readers . The construction is pretty durable . It would have been nice to have a cover for the CF slot . 6 ' cable is definitely long enough to put the reader where you want it ... As for the power adapter , I think it 's great . I do n't know why others would have problems with it . Rather than coming down over outlets below it , it is made of a slimline design that comes out on the side . The adapter seems like a pain , but it ensures quality performance when transferring your data across the USB cable.Pros : ... USB 2.1 -LRB- 480 Mbps transfer ! -RRB- ... Compact Flash Type I & II up to 1024 MB -LRB- 1 GB -RRB- ... Mass Storage Compliant ... Win 98 , 98SE , 2000 , ME , XP and MAC OS 8.6 or greater ... Innovative design and solid construction ... 6 ' USB cable ... 3 year warranty ... AffordableCons : ... Could use cover for slot ... Not as portable as some other devices ... Win 98 driver installation could be easierRebate : ... Save -LSB- ... -RSB- ! You can find details on the IOGEAR website . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 USB hubs are much like one another , and most work perfectly , so one must review them on just the subtle points . This one is inexpensive and just the right size -LRB- very small but with enough room between the plugs to avoid crowding -RRB- . More importantly , it includes an AC adapter which you can use if you 're plugging in devices that consume a lot of power . This is an important feature missing from some USB hubs.Despite the unfamiliar brand , I 'm completely pleased with the product , and would buy it again .
 I really did n't want to learn that much about USB technology except to increase the number of available USB ports I could use . I only had 2 USB ports and needed more . The more I read about the gillzion USB Port Hubs on the market , the more confused I was about which USB Port Hub to get . Finally , I saw the Aten 4-Port USB Hub listed here at Amazon.com and it had high review ratings and comments about how easy it was to install and use . Based on that -LRB- plus the price was within my budget -RRB- , I purchased the Aten 4-Port USB Hub.Thankfully , the reviews were correct . All I had to do was turn off my PC , plug the Aten USB Port Hub into one of my USB ports , and turn on my PC again . It worked like a charm . This Hub runs on a standard Microsoft Windows driver to operate -LRB- I have Windows 98 Second Edition -RRB- . I then tested it by plugging in a digital photography media card reader -LRB- the Delkin eFilm 6 in 1 Card Reader -RRB- and it worked perfectly.The Aten 4-Port USB Hub is great . It has an amber power light and a green light for each of its 4 ports to indicate they are operating correctly . The Hub can be self-powered -LRB- meaning it can run without the auxiliary power supply -RRB- , or you can use the power supply that comes with the hub . Some devices you attach will not need the power supply and some will . For me , I did n't want to learn the difference . it was just as easy to connect the power supply and forget it.I highly recommend this USB Port Hub to expand the number of USB ports on your computer . It is small -LRB- less than 4 '' x 2 '' -RRB- , and comes with everything you need to use it. , right out of the box.I 've had mine for a couple of months now and it is still working perfectly . If you need extra USB ports , this is a good one to consider .
 I recently bought a Dell laptop and it does not send enough power down the USB line to drive my scanner . Technical support recommended a powered USB hub.I tried just about all the major brands -LRB- Belkin , D-Link , Linksys , etc. -RRB- and none of them worked . Some would n't power the scanner at all . Others would , but then if I re-booted the computer , the scanner would no longer be recognized . I would have to unplug the scanner , re-boot , and then plug it back in so that the OS -LRB- WinXP -RRB- would recognize it.I must have tried 1/2 dozen hubs and I was pretty much ready to give up when I finally bought this Aten model from Amazon . It works great!I highly recommend this as it does everything a hub is supposed to do and much more than all the others . It 's also very small -LRB- the image above makes it look bigger than it really is -RRB- which is great because it hardly takes up any space . I love it !
 I got this USB hub to go with my PowerBook G4 . So far , I 've found it to be adequate . I use an external keyboard and mouse with it . I havent tried any powered devices yet , but it comes with an AC adapter , so that should be an issue , as long as those devices are plugged in . Mac users , if you 're looking for a cheap hub that works FINE , go with this one .
 I connected this to my 3 year old 800 MHz Dell and it works fine . I have a digital camera and a UPS plugged into it . The price was right too . Thanks to everyone who wrote reviews on all the hubs in this price range - it really helped me .
 It 's very tiny , smaller than I expected , has see-through gray color.So far , has worked fine with the following computer and USB devices w/o AC power adapter.Apple iBook G4 -LRB- OS 10.3.8 -RRB- Palm CradleLogitech cordless mousePlantronics headset DSP-500Buffalo external HDGood buy .
 This is great , it 's powered , comes with a power adapter and works flawlessly with XP . I would buy this again . I 's small and does n't take up much space at all and most importantly it WORKS .
 i ordered on sat . it arrived on tues , it took 5 min . to hook up on wed.and it works great good deal nice looking unit .
 I just received it today and it 's working perfectly so far . It 's working fine without the supplied power cord plugged in . None of my current peripherals need the power , so I have left it unplugged for now . Some future peripherals might need it , so I went ahead and got it . I 'll update this review if I need to , but I 'm happy with it right now .
 I just received it today and it 's working perfectly so far . It 's working fine without the supplied power cord plugged in . None of my current peripherals need the power , so I have left it unplugged for now . Some future peripherals might need it , so I went ahead and got it . I 'll update this review if I need to , but I 'm happy with it right now .
 The server works great on my HP 2200 . It 's fast , reliable and can be easily velcro-ed to the side . Downside , it 's got to be the single most difficult piece of hardware I 've ever had to setup . NO WIZARD ! Anyway , I followed the instructions to the letter and after setting my network IP address back to normal , the box would cease to work . I tried a bunch of things to get it to work , but in the end it was something simple . I 'm using a Netgear WGR614v6 which is set to be a DHCP server . The list of available IP addresses missed the default 192.168.0.10 so the computer could not recognize it . I changed the DP-311U 's default IP address in the PSadmin program and BAM ! Works first try ! The morale of the story , if you 're running a DHCP server , check the list of IP addresses .
 I too had a little difficulty getting the right IP address of this device so that I could connect to it via my web browser . That was overcome by reading some reviews and the instructions . Amazing huh ? hehe.After getting this thing working , it has been working great and I feel that there is little that needs to be tweaked/modified to make it work just the way you want . Basically you want to share a printer , and that is exactly what this lets you do . I need to upgrade toe 802.11 g now though .
 It looks like lots of people have had problems with this print server , but I was up and printing in 20 minutes from Windows XP and Linux . I found the documentation sufficient and very straightforward . I guess it helps that the default IP address of the unit fit in with my NAT setup . My only complaint is that it is a bit on the pricy side , but a year from now when I 'm still enjoying printing from all of my machines without having to keep a dedicated print serving machine on , I wo n't miss the few dollars difference between what this cost and what I think it should cost .
 My network is two wireless XP laptops and a Linksys 802.11 b router so I was a little worried about mixing networking brands - but it worked out fine . Virtually no slowdown compared to having the printer directly connected to the laptop and I print some pretty big files . Setup was n't too bad -LRB- ~ 15-20 min staring at the manual really confused , 5 min reading amazon.com reviews , ~ 20-30 min installation -RRB- . Much like what Hafizullah said , it 's better to config in steps
 My entire wireless network is composed of Linksys products , so naturally when I wanted to get a wirless print server I looked to Linksys . I went out and bought the linksys WPS11 . It is a parallel port wireless print server . Got it up and running ok , but printing was really slow . Sometimes 1-2 minutes between pages on text documents . So then I went out and bought the PPS1UW print server . This is Linksys ' USB version . Could n't even get this thing going at all with my printer , which I thought was odd since my printer worked fine with the WPS11 and they have you install the same print server drivers.After spending about 3 days troubleshooting , I went back to the store and found the DLink DP-311U . Got it home , plugged it in and had it talking to my Linksys WRT54G wireless router with 128 Bit WEP encryption in no time . This print server processes my print jobs at the same speed as when I had the printer plugged in directly to the pc . I was also impressed with the detail of documentation as opposed to the documentation of some other linksys products I had bought.I definetly recommend this product if you are looking for a way to place your printer at a distance from your computer . Great Product .
 I REALLY like the small size of this unit . It fits great into my new home office setup where I do n't have a lot of space near the printer , or an easy way to route a long USB cable.It is true that the quick start guide is only for Windows XP . I was able to follow the instructions and get everything working on the first try . The only problems I had were with friggin ' Windows , not the DP-311U . Once I had it set up in Windows , I added the Linux connection to the DP-311u 's LPR deamon via CUPS and it worked the first time.I did not bother with the d-link admin program . I never inserted the CD into my CD drive.Corrections to other postings
 OK , first of all , the documentation for this product is really poor . If you were to follow the instructions step-by-step I 'm pretty sure you would never get it working properly since they leave a lot of stuff out . However , if you are somewhat techwise -LRB- were you able to install the wireless network by yourself ? -RRB- you should be able to get it running . Once you get it going though you never have to touch it again.I 've got 2 laptops -LRB- one Win XP and one Win 2000 -RRB- connected to a Netgear wireless network that can now print to our new Epson Stylus C84 printer . The performance is great and its a convenience to be able to place your printer anywhere you want and not have to attach it to a computer . I was able to get it to use 128 bit WEP and MAC authentication on our network.Pros : good performanceconvenienceconfigurable web interfaceCons : horrible documenationOnly USB 1.x support -LRB- would have liked to have seen USB 2.0 support -RRB- All in all , though , I am very pleased with this product . If you have an all wireless network with only laptops this is a great product to consider .
 I do n't have enough room under my desk to put my printers and wanted to shove one off in a closet . Anyways , I sent back a competing product when after multiple attempts to configure it -LRB- including trawling through badly written manuals and tech support websites -RRB- , it still would n't work . So I did n't expect much here . However , this works perfectly . The configuration utility actually worked ; the network was recognized and except for a couple of seconds delay between sending the print job and when it starts printing , there are no problems . Was up and running in about ten minutes .
 My home networking is pure D-Link , router , adpaters , print servers , and even my USB bluetooth adapter . I already have a DP311U connected to a laser . 2 months ago , I bought another DP311U for an inkjet printer . I got the problem on how to differenciate the 2 same print servers . After some research , it just requires you to set the 2nd server to a different address . The original is 192.168.0.10 . You then set the 2nd -LRB- or the 1st -RRB- to a differnt one , like 192.168.0.20 and everything will be just fine.Seemed D-Link is dumping DP311U now because they have a 802.11 g server -LRB- DP-G310 -RRB- and sometimes you could find a &#60; $ 60 DP311U . But believe me , you wo n't need a 11g for print server . 11b is fast enough . If you think printing is too slow , it 's the problem of printer , not the PS.D-Link 's quality is good . My router -LRB- DI-624 -RRB- never died for the past 1.5 years . I would recommend their products .
 I ended up with the Rangemax 240 router and this product -LRB- Rangemax 240 USB Adapter -RRB- This adapter is directional so aim it towards the router for better performance . The performance I get is between 140 - 240 MBps , at 35 feet and three walls . Dont use the CD to install the driver . Goto the Netgear site and get the latest driver to install . -LSB- ... -RSB- Also from Netgears website
 After a couple weeks , so far so good . Syncs well with multiple laptops , has good range , and is responsive . I use it for executive presentations , and my wife uses it to teach classes to groups of ~ 30 students . Gives you flexibility to be more interactive , roam away from the laptop , and you do not have to walk into the audiences view to advance a presentation or other demo .
 This is a great little device which is very easy to use . No software installation was necessary . I just plugged the `` receiver '' into a USB port and could operate the computer with the `` remote '' device . Since it operates by radio waves , you do n't even have to point the remote at the computer.Although the silver `` mouse '' buttons are easy to use , the control button in the middle of the remote is very sensitive to touch . It does take a little getting used to . Overall , though , I really like this device .
 I love the ease and abilities of this product . It is small and not awkward to use ... in fact it is very easy to use .
 I make a lot of presentations . This little unit stays with me no matter where I travel on business . The case makes it easy to keep the two components together when not in use and reduces the risk of loss or damage . Have not found a PC that did not work with it . Whenever some one else uses it , they want to know where they can get one.General use -LRB- page up/page down , and laser -RRB- are simple to use . But there is more that can be done , just not intuitive to figure out the more advanced features . But then again , not sure I need them !
 I 'm very pleased with this product , the proformance , the price , and the the service delivery time . Thank you and I 'm looking forward to doing business with you again .
 I make a lot of presentations for my job and wanted a more interesting way to present build slides while presenting . I had purchased one of those GYRO mice , but found it to be waaaaay too bulky to lug around . I stumbled across the Keyspan Remote Presentation remote and purchased it two year ago and it 's worked flawlessly since day one . The product is lightweight , is a snap to set-up and the range is quite good - well worth the small investment .
 Mainly bought this item as a mouse replacement and was tired of using the touchpad on my laptop.For anyone who likes to use SonicStage instead of windows media I am happy to say the media function works with this program nicely . The volume wheel also controls my computer volume when not in a media player which is also a nice feature.The mouse function works pretty well once you get used to it although the button feels like it catches a little.I 'd give this item five stars if they had used a regular battery or a rechargeable for power .
 Little bit troubles to get use to use it , but after some minutes , I was controlling not only my PPT but the hole computer -LRB- as a mouse -RRB- , you can click and drag , call the pop up menu , and with the -LRB- shift -RRB- you can controll the media player .
 One of the best devises I have ever buy . Small and reliable . Good compatibility with MacOS . Excellent compatibility with Windows XP
 This Keyspan Presenter allows teachers the freedom to walk all around the room and operate the computer with ease . Awesome tool .
 I bought this remote to use both giving PowerPoint presentations and demonstrate other software applications in front of an audience . Having the ability to use the little trackball on the presentation remote , allows me to move away from the computer and walk out in the audience - allowing for a more interactive presentation.The small size allows me to easily slip it into my shirt pocket and the red laser pointer is great for hightlighting different parts of the screen .
 I do a lot of presenting , and this remote device is exactly what I was looking for . You can be 30 + feet away from your laptop and LCD projector , even with a wall in between you and your equipment , and a simple press of the button advances the slide . Press the other button and you can go back a slide , and activate the laser pointer to highlight details on the screen at any distance.Its also small enough to keep in your pocket or unobtrusively hiiden in your hand while you speak . This one is a keeper .
 This works great . I have no complaints . It 's easy to hold , is unobtrusive , and has features found in the more expensive products . I like that it can also simultaneously be used to control media players , so you can manage background music , as well . The `` joystick '' center button I found a little difficult to use for precise motion . It comes with a nice little carrying bag , with a separate pocket to store the USB device .
 We frequently send the Keyspan remote out on sales presentations or for production use in large shows . Often as not , once our clients see and use the remote , they want to keep it.One star subtracted for a slightly confusing interface and no media mode support on the Mac ; otherwise a nearly-perfect unit .
 I recently converted my six-hour workshop from old-school transparencies to PowerPoint -LRB- see my review of Beyond Bullet Points -RRB- , and someone I deeply respect said to get the Keyspan unit . I did , and it 's great ! Simple to operate , and lets me move naturally around the room without being tied to the keyboard to move to the next slide . I practiced with it , and it worked flawlessly the first time I tried it.Tips : o carry an extra batteryo take out the battery when traveling - otherwise it might drain from the buttons being accidentally pressed againsto you may have to reset it when you put in a new battery . there 's a pinhole in the receiver - just press it . the instructions have more detailNote
 I already had one of this Keyspan remote when I bought the second one . My boss requested my advice to buy one for the department and , as I 'm so pleased with the one I had , that recomended one for my company.The battery ? No problem , the CR2450 is available y many sites on the web , and they 're not expensive at all .
 Have used the remote for several presentations now and found it to be a very worthwhile tool . I am very pleased with it at this point , especially the ability to exercise control from anywhere in the room without having to point the controller at the computer .
 I use the Keyspan PR-US2 several times a week while presently lectures in a university classroom environment . I have also used it to make presentations in scientific seminars . It has always worked flawlessly for me and I recommendation highly to anyone who makes presentations to groups . The equipment was extremely easy to install as was the driver . I have not yet encountered any problems using the remote during lectures .
 We have 20 + of these Keyspan presentation remotes and they 're , by far , the absolute best that money can buy for the price . We 've never replaced with anything else in over two years . Feature set is unbeatable and battery life is really good . The user even has the option of syncing the remote so that no other presentation remote can create interference with the presentation . If you 're looking for a presentation remote in the $ 30 - $ 60 price range , look no further and purchase .
 This remote is very easy to use and install , only took a few minutes to get familiar with it . I would recommend it !
 The Keyspan Wireless Remote is a must for anyone who teaches or does presentations . It is easy to use and works well on a Mac or a PC . No additional software is needed . Plug it in and it is recognized by the computer . I highly recommend this product .
 This is n't the flashiest remote on the planet , but we 've found it easy to use on both PC and Mac machines . Having the pointer feature was something everybody wanted , along with being able to walk around and still advance the frames . We give new remotes to new faculty and I 've had several requests for replacements after we 've used the old ones to death , so everybody seems happy .
 Though they only last for about three years of everyday use , this little unit is the only mouse I use . My laptop is conected to my bigscreen TV along with this unit and a wireless keypad . I do all my home computing from the comfort of my couch . `` Couch potato heaven '' !!! You can control every thing and it has impressive range and accuracy . It wo n't fetch my beer though , I 've got to do that myself . It 's the perfect size you can even use it with you 're arms folded to give the apearance of mind control computing -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . It takes a little getting use to at first but once you do you wo n't be disappointed . Just buy it !
 The Keyspan Presentation Remote is exactly what was needed for lectures and presentations . The unit is easy to use with one minor exception . Activating the laser pointer could be more easy if only one button was required . On the other hand , control of the PC cursor is excellent , as is the forward and backward switching of slides . In summary , the features in the unit combined with the price make this device cost effective .
 Using hyperlinks to bring up reference slides for discussion and then a hyperlink to go back on topic is not smoothly accomplished.Compared to using a mouse , getting the pointer to appear and move to the hyperlink button is not easily controlled . The uncertain movement detracts from the presentation.Consider two or more references that are required to address audience questions . None or only one reference might be needed which makes mouse clicks impractical for navigation .
 The Keyspan PR-US2 Presentation Remote is great for instructors that like to walk around a room while teaching . You are not tied down to a computer or have to rely on someone else to change slides . The lazer pointer is a great way to highlight something in your slide as well . This is a great all in one remote .
 Have used my Keyspan for over three years - only changed the battery once ; how ? When you are done with your presentation , flip the battery over in its space - no pain and no drain ! You 'll only start a presentation once without flipping it back , presuming you are trainable!Very easy to use , comfortable to hold . Have n't needed the laser much or the mouse-pad for on-screen pointer.All in all , a slick device ! There are cheaper and of course more expensive , but I find this one to have to broadest application for the price.Worth a try !
 This remote is excellent for those who spend a lot of time teaching or making presentations , and abhorr the thought of being perched behind a podium . The coverage is excellent , and the size is small enough to almost disappear from view . I actually position mine horizontally , using a rubber band to attach the bottom of the remote against my belt with the top latch hooked to a belt loop.The only issue I would have , if I were big on laser pointers , is the activiation of the pointer itself . Other than that , this is the best I 've used thus far .
 I bought this remote for my Power Point Presentation and it works fine , but In a MAC some functions do n't work . For that reason I give 4 stars.Its a little complicate to move the cursor with it , but with a little practice you 'll control it.The batery is a little expensive in comparison with other type of bateries in the market.The laser pointer its a very good extra , it helps you in the presentation not having two things in your hand , just remember to turn it off when you 're done .
 I purchased the keyspan mouse after having used it and two other remotes , or wireless , mice.i have to use a remote on a few different computers for presentations . I do n't have to lug around my laptop , just plug it into the USB port of any handy computer and i 'm ready.I used the Logitec remote mouse which fills the palm of the hand ; I used the microsoft remote , which is just as bulky , also.this is the only one that works everytime ; with the keyspan I do n't have to wait for the computer and transmitter to link to the mouse.the others were simply too large to carry around in a briefcase.this one fits easily in the top pocket of a dress shirt.it fits easily in the hand and I do n't have to have a surface to roll the mouse on.i can carry it in the tiny vinyl covered pouch sold with the remote . the pouch has an attached cord to make it hard to forget.with 2 different modes , one for presentations , and one for controlling programs it really is more than a presentation remote.I am happy with this remote -LRB- even at the higher price than others -RRB- and recommend any serious presenter of powerpoints or user who has to demonstrate programs .
 I conduct corporate training and teach college courses . In both arenas , I frequently use information from my laptop to illustrate . This portable mouse gives me the freedom and flexibility to present from anywhere in the room and not be tied to my computer . The first one I got had a flaw , but Keyspan replaced it immediately after my conversation with their technical support . The replacement has worked flawlessly . I love the range on this remote ; I can control the computer from hundreds of feet away . The only challenge is if someone in the next room has the same remote -- then you start changing each others ' presentations unexpectedly . The remote does have different codes you can switch to in order to avoid that problem -LRB- which I had to do once -RRB- . Overall , a great product and well worth the price .
 I bought 3 for speakers that come to our school to do presentations and they all loved it . Have n't had a problem with any of them . Though turning on the laser pointer is a bit complicated .
 Best thing I could have purchased to be an outstanding presneter using power point !! I use with with my Mac lap top . Fantastic !! I highly recommend it !!
 In my work I do media presentations from my laptop several times per day . With the Keystone remote I can sit with the client at a distance and still both operate the laptop and control the presentations . It took some practice to be able to operate it in `` mouse '' mode accurately . But within an hour or so I could do anything I can do with a regular mouse . I 'm very satisfied with this product .
 I just got this remote today . I plugged in the RF receiver to my laptop , opened up a powerpoint presentation and it worked ! There was not much else to it . The instructions say that if you are a Windows user you need some kind of software and if you are a Mac user then you dont need the software but I think that might be the other way around because I am a windows user and I didnt need any software . I look forward to using it so that I can actually move around while I teach . Be careful ... the switch that you use to advance forward is quite sensitive . I get the feeling I will accidentally moving forward more than one slide quite a bit .
 I tried my remote a few times and I 'm happy with it thus far . I do n't know how long its going to last in this shape but as for now , I 'm satisfied .
 I have used the Keyspan PR-US2 Presentation Remote with my MacBook laptop and have been very pleased . It works nicely for PowerPoint presentations , the laser pointer has been very useful , and I 've also used the remote mouse feature to manipulate other software . It was a good purchase for me .
 This tool is just fantistic , I really love the built in laser pointer and the small size of the remote is great .
 Bought first in 2003 , second today . Great device . I talk for a living and have to have this . Considered others but scroll wheel makes it easy , fits my hand perfectly . Doubles as mouse . Could not be easier . Everyone that sees it wants one . Have to keep an extra battery handy though -LRB- or would be 5 stars -RRB- .
 I use this on my Apple iBook and it works very well . No criticism at all . Would buy it again .
 The presentation mouse is the best I could find . You can literally jam it into any laptop and be presenting remotely in a matter of seconds . No software to install , has a powerful laser pointer , and is very intuitive and easy to use . A definite must-buy for any business person that does a lot of PowerPoints . Get away from your laptop and present !
 The Keyspan has worked wonderful from day one . I am using it with a Mac for presentations with my company at least once a week . It has never failed me . Very easy to use , comfortable in my hand and the `` plug and Play '' aspect of it makes it all the easier . Thank you Keyspan for a great product .
 I spent a lot of times to search one presentation remote control for Win 2000 Powerpoint . This is the right one . No software required , just plug into USB and enjoy using .
 This is my third Keyspan wireless remote . I wore out the first one and I replaced it with the newer model , then bought another of this model . I train professionally and would n't train without my Keyspan . -LRB- The same goes for my colleagues . -RRB- It works wonderfully well and the battery lasts a long time . It allows me to roam around the room -LRB- my training style -RRB- and run my presentation anywhere . Quite simply , it untethers me from my computer and allows me to focus on training/presenting -- plus it makes me look good while I do it.p.s . The only reason I gave this product 4 stars instead of 5 is that the newer model has more features that I like , like volume control and blank screen . But I bought this one because I like the touch of the mouse better .
 Trouble free installation and use . The only thing not super good is the little mouse pad -- it 's not as easy to move the cursor as quickly and accurately as a real mouse . But given the small space they have to work with it 's acceptable .
 This remote mouse is about the best on the market . Unfortunately , it takes a little practice to use it gracefully in front of an audience . The range of movement is great , I am a HS teacher and can easily walk around the room while presenting -LRB- 30 + feet away from my laptop -RRB- . Its small , light weight , powerful and the laser pointer pointer is very useful .
 I am a teacher and use poerpoints often . The remote is great , I have had no problems with it yet . I love the mouse feature .
 This remote is very commonly rebranded by many companies . I had a nice ACOM remote that looked * identical * except for the substituted logo . Both have the same features but the new one requires the user to hold down two buttons for ~ 5 seconds to activate the laser pointer which then auto shuts off after 30 minutes -LRB- regardless of the amount of activity -RRB- . This is probably a safety feature but is entirely unnecessary , and I have never seen a similar safety feature on a non-remote type laser pointer . I bought a dozen of these to outfit `` AV first aid kits '' to be used by visiting presenters at my college , and now I am dealing with the non-intuitive nature of these remotes .
 I use this almost daily in my classroom . While it was a little touchy at first , since being oriented it 's been flawless . Several other teachers I work with also have this remote and there 's never any interference . The laser pointer is n't the easiest thing to use on the fly , but the two-button operation does keep most kids from being able to figure it out . I strongly recommend picking one of these up .
 This remote is great ! I use it every week , and it has performed flawlessly . I usually use it on my MacBook , where it just plugs in and works perfectly , but I was shocked to plug it into a windows laptop , and have it work right off the bat , too ! I 'm used to things just not working on a Windows machine . At any rate , it was a great purchase , and I use it all the time . The laser pointer works great . The joystick to move the cursor takes some getting used to , but it works very well when you do .
 I use SuSE 10.1 in my laptop with OpenOffice Impress.This remote works great1 . Able to control the mouse2 . Able to move slides under Impress ahead and backwards with the button and very fast with the wheel3 . Laser pointer4 . Small size5 Good Range6 Very fast setup
 I used it for a powerpoint presentation and it was nice not to have to be next to the laptop changing the `` slides '' , you can do it at a distance and at the same time use the laser pointer ! I highly recommend it !
 Quick , simple , and easy to use . I 've been teaching with this model for the past 10 years with my lectures . I 've tried other presentation devices but they are not has user friendly , nor do they have the additional features to access the majority of Microsoft programs as the Keyspan model does . Though a bit more expensive than others , this is the best I have found and well worth the investment .
 I have had this remote for several years now . I use it in many different ways including power point presentations , but I also found out that this little wonder also works well with my survellance DVR . My DVR is mounted on my third floor of my home -LRB- inside a closet -RRB- I plugged the little unit into the USB port on the front of my DVR and amazingly I can still control my on screen cameras on a monitor -LRB- 3 floors down -RRB- . I know that not all electonics work the same but for me this little remote travels with me everywhere I go and it `` just works '' and that is all that I can ask for . What is most unusual about it is that it does not require you to install any software whatsoever , and like my security DVR , it will work with applications that does not have a windows platform .
 I have a computer in the bedroom for a tv so a mouse is n't ideal for use in bed and watching Netflix . This thing has been great and for the price it is a no brainer ! The distance works anywhere in the room , and the battery has lasted years now too . Nice little wheel on the side from scrolling . It also has some sort of override mode that changes the function of all the buttons that I am sure does really cool things but I have n't really used that since it meets all my needs .
 This is a nice , reliable device . Battery lasted about a year with limited use . My only issue with it is that everyone in my group uses the same device , and we have yet to figure out if there 's a way to change transmission frequencies . When we are in ajoining training rooms one of us has to stop using the remote otherwise we end up changing each other 's slides . That 's the down-side of having a longer range . But in general , we are very happy with it .
 Bought this item for the remote mouse control ; I have an HDTV connected to my desktop computer over 50ft way using an HDMI cable form -LSB- ... -RSB- . With the Keyspan PR-US2 , I have full use & control of my desktop mouse including left & right mouse key and scrolling from the toggle switch on the side . Now I can browse the web , watch Hula & Net Flicks on the Big Screen in my entertainment room 50ft away from the computer , Very Cool . It Works Great and works through walls .
 I bought this remote to make PowerPoint presentations and I have to say I am pretty satisfied with the purchase . It does what it claims , installation was painless , just insert the transmitter into USB port and WinXP can recognize the device . I have n't tested the maximum operating distance , but I never experienced a problem with the laptop not responding to my actions . Just a couple things I would like to mention that I feel need improvement.First , it 's difficult to turn on the laser pointer . You need to press one button and then hold two buttons together and wait for 10 seconds . And the same you would like to turn it off . I can not really understand if such complexity is really necessary.Second , the battery used is the round flat one , like the one in the watches , just bigger . You can find it online , but not in the convenience store . I would rather them use a standard one.Otherwise , I think for the money that is the best you can do . Comparable Logitech model is probably better , but costs $ 100 more at the time of this review .
 I do presentations all the time . Tired of my old remote , I bought one of each of the major brands to compare them
 I 've tried a number of remotes , some of which are more expensive . This one has worked the best for me . For a point of reference , the last one I used -LRB- and returned -RRB- was the Logitech Multimedia Presenter w / trackball ; unconventional start procedure and sloooooowwwww trackball that did n't move all that freely.Anyway , back to the point -LRB- er -RRB- . I think the Keyspan is laid out quite well . Advancing slides can be done using either the wheel or the advance button . The mouse is very responsive w / good speed and has an automatic slow-down next to buttons -LRB- nice for those w/o much dexterity or new to the one-finger operation -RRB- . The laser was n't as tough for me as some of the other reviewers . Just depress one button while depressing another one for 3-4 seconds and voila . The laser option is kinda moot for me though since using a laser on something like a powerpoint presentation will generally not yield good results anyway ; the laser will always get overpowered by the slide . If you use a laser on something like a big powerpoint on a screen , you can imagine just how ineffective it would be . That is why I use the mouse pointer when highlighting things I 'm talking about on a particular slide . And that is why the nice speed and responsiveness of the mouse pad is a plus.Bottom line
 This product works pretty well . And have used it fairly often . One thing I noticed , though
 I am a High School World History Teacher and Technology Facilitator . I needed a multimedia controller that could control my PowerPoint presentation and Windows Media Player . I was looking for a controller that gave me the ability to walk around the class and control my computer from the other side of the room . The Keyspan does everything it claims to do . I can control my PowerPoint , Smart board , DVD movies and websites from across the room . It even has a laser pointer . The mouse feature allows you to control all your programs and right and left click anywhere on the screen . I was even able to use the Keyspan with people and obstacles between the controller and the receiver . I am using this product on a computer that is running Windows XP .
 I have tested and used many remotes and have found that the Keyspan is the best remote for professional presentations . I am a trial lawyer and use the remote with PowerPoint for jury trials . As any presentation should go smoothly , the Keyspan remote works well from all over the room . I have not had any connectivity or response problems even from across the courtroom . Also , I walk around throughout my presentations and the remote has yet to let me down . Of course , proper placement of your receiving laptop is necessary.The Microsoft Wireless Presenter 3000 remote is a good size and fits nicely in my hand . I have had connectivity issues with it , however , as I have had to move closer to the receiver to get it to work . The last thing one wants during a presentation is to be distracted by technology . The mousing function is awkward and the back and forward buttons are small . The laser pointer is easy to access and utilize.The Logitech 2.4 GHz Cordless Presenter works well but does not have a mouse function . If any mousing needs to be part of your presentation , you are out of luck with this remote . Moreover , its quite expensive when compared to its competitors.I did not give the Keyspan remote 5 stars for the following two reasons
 I love that it has mouse capabilities . It works great and a strong range . I teach a computer class and switch back and forth from slide show to software . I can do it from anywhere in the room . Works well . I wish I could store the attachment inside the clicker but the little bag is ok . I have also applied sticky loop-and-hook dots to stick them together .
 I purchased the Tripp Lite because the original had worn out ... from use . I had purchased the original one about 5 yrs ago and used it extensively . I now have two USB recievers and one fully operational controllerI will recommend the Tripp Lite PR-US2 to Everyone with a need for remote operations or a handy mouse for their laptop .
 This is one of the best wireless remotes I 've ever used . Works very well for presentations . It gives me the freedom to move around without having issues on how far I am from my computer .
 Purchased this product to use with my laptop and power point presentation . Product arrived in a timely manor and preformed as expected .
 I 've been using this remote when giving lectures for a number of years . It 's never let me down . And the range is incredible . It works from wayyyyy across a large room .
 So far , so good ! I 've only used this once so far and had no problems at all working it !
 This product works great . I had lost my last Presentation pointer . No Question I had to buy another just like it .
 Easy to use ! We use Macs but have Power Point presentations we need to run . This was easy to set up and very easy to use .
 This has really helped me with my business presentations , so much better to be able to move around the room and not have to worry about aiming the remote at the USB connection , which is what you often have to do with a wireless mouse . Very cool design as well .
 Easy to use . Much easier to control my presentations . I can keep my full attention on my students the whole time .
 The product works as advertised , like a charm . Delivery was earlier than projected . All around I am very satisfied .
 Have done many presentations with this , and it works flawlessly . The button operation is very subtle so your audience ca n't even see you advancing slides . Laser pointer does n't show up great on all screens , best to bring a backup .
 I am a very avid technology user and science teacher . My students are involved with many professional presentations and I am a lead teacher and mentor for many proffessional teacher groups . My students and I believe this is the easiest preentation tool we have found . It is rock solid . I beieve in Apple computers and this is the only presentation tool that works with Apple products right out of the box . I have purchased three of these gems . Two were used by first year teachers without any training.Best buy in a presentation tool .
 AS usual , Keyspan works fairly well . The presentation remote work well for the price I paid for it . Although I have just received it , it was simple to make ready i.e. drop the battery into the transmitter , slip the receiver into a usb port , pull up a Power Point presentation and begin fiddeling . An hour latter , I could change a slid while aiming behind my back . This is about the third or fourth KeySpan item I have bought and all have work pretty good , not great , but good and they certainly get the job done .
 My sons love Elmo , of course , but the most important thing is that the mouse is small enough for my two and a half year old to use easily .
 I once bought a Netgear Print Server about 2yrs ago and it did not work . Thought all Printer servers are the same and assuming the high-ends version are better , but out of my price range . Today -LRB- Oct 17 , 2009 -RRB- , I saw this D-Link DP-301U at Fry 's for $ 19.99 bought and give it another try with my Canon D320 ImageClass it works as charm . Very easy to find the Printer Server specific IP & MAC ID by looking up the via my Wireless Router . It has a built-in web browser configuration as well . It is not necessary to use the CD came with it . Recommend Reserved an IP on the router to match this printer server MAC/IP addy then attached the USB Printer into the Ethernet port , all less than 3 minutes ! It is longer to install drivers to each on my PC on the network . Now this Stationary Printer becomes Wireless Printer and versatile print sharing with the network . Very impressed !! Highly Recommended for those old Printers still with USB !!!!
 I have it for several days . Works grate with my Brother HL-2140 printer . As others mentioned setup is a bit tricky . Works in my home network with several wireless and wired computers . So far , so good .
 Bought it in 2009 for a used HP laserjet 1012 printer given to me . Works fine with that laser even though it is not on HP 's compatibility guide . Since this is only laser printing -- not scanning , or color , or special functions an all-in-one might do -- it works fine for simple printing . Setup was easy since DHCP set up the IP addressing for me . But I went ahead and disabled DHCP and hardcoded the IP using the web interface . There 's 2 hardware versions listed in some articles but because it has been out a while , I got h/w ver B2 , f/w ver 2.10 . Made my used USB-only laser printer a network print and I love that !
 Make sure to enable LPR byte count when setting this up in windows . Without this , the windows spooler goes nuts.Printing directly to the printer is an option , to bypass the windows spooler all together , but is extremely slow.Lots of trouble getting this to work , but once I enabled LPR byte counting on windows , this thing works like a dream.It will not share your multifunction printer devices , though it will share the printer portion of such a device -LRB- no scanner or fax server - just print server -RRB- .
 Arrived Ok.Easy to install on PC , but I ca n't make it work on MAC .
 Changed IP address to a local IP for my network and then hooked up server to the router and had no problem setting up with both Windows XP and Mac OS X computers in my home network . Firmware was newer than what was on Dlink web site . Using IP printing on both type of equipment .
 Reconfiguring my home office , I needed this to serve my Epson Photo R2400 printer which is now across the room from my desk . The installation went flawlessly . Just carefully read the instructions step-by-step . They are well illustrated and straightforward . I looked at other home network wired print servers , almost buying one of them because it was also a small hub . Reading the fine print , which was buried in the tech specifications , I found that the others were only USB 1.1 compliant , not fast enough for my USB 2.0 Epson R2400 .
 I ordered this item to try it out and it works as advertised . Works with my Brother Multi-function printer . I just had to download the correct printer driver . Setup took a little bit but now that it 's set up , it works fine .
 The DP-301U works great . Setup is easy . If you know a little networking and know a little about printers and print servers it helps.Network setup is a breeze . You do n't need the set up disk , just follow the Quick Installation Guide . If you want the extras , then load the disk.I used the DP301U to connect a Brother MFC-7220 fax/copy/printer to the network . I configured the DP301U . Loaded the Brother driver on a server . Configured the port to be TCP/IP type and gave the DP301U 's IP address . It works perfectly.Some folks complain about compatibility . If you check the compatibility list and check to see whether your printer is a PCL/PJL , or a GDI type printer , you wo n't have problems and wont turn into a hater . As with many non-HP print servers , the DP301U is not GDI compatible . If you have an HP GDI printer , you need to get one of HP 's GDI print servers . If your printer is not on the compatibility list , there 's still a good chance your printer will work as long as it 's not a GDI type.Don ' t hate the DP301U if you do n't know anything about GDI , or you did n't do your homework when it comes to the type of printer you have.Check the compatibility list on D-Link 's web site .
 Got this yesterday and plugged it in . After reconfiguring for a different fixed IP address , everything worked fine . I 've got this plugged into a multi-function printer the HP LaserJet 3015 , and it works fine . Of course you do n't get the fax and scan interfaces -LRB- you need to use a direct usb / parallel connection for that -RRB- . I can print from both Windows and Solaris -LRB- UNIX -RRB- .
 This server works great with the powerbook G4 -LRB- MAC -RRB- . I purchased this server without checking for compatibility and it works flawlessly -LRB- note I just set it up today -RRB- . I hooked the D link server up through an outdated microsoft wireless router -LRB- mn700 -RRB- . I also have the somewhat outdated hp deskjet 920C that I hooked directly into the print server and so far everything works reliably . You probably ca n't find a better deal for $ 35 .
 First , ignore the review by the person that said that it does n't work with Vista 64 bit . I am convinced that they do n't know what they are talking about . Call D-Link tech support if you have problems . I was VERY impressed with the communications skills and tech savvy of the person on the other end of the line -LRB- probably India -RRB- . I have had this print server for over 6 months . It solved a HOST of problems that I had with my HP Color Laserjet 1600 being shared off of my wife 's computer.I 've used it with Windows XP machines -LRB- Home and Pro -RRB- , Window Vista Home -LRB- 32 Bit -RRB- , 1 Linux Ubuntu machine , and now Window 7 -LRB- 64 Bit -RRB- . I needed to call D-Link Customer support for the Windows 7 setup , because there is a step that the manual does not show that needs to be done for it to work on the Windows 7 machine -LRB- not sure if it 's because of the operating system , or the 64 bit interface -RRB- . Window 7 Setup notes : When setting up the LPR in TCP/IP Port Settings -LRB- as shown in the manual -RRB- , make sure that you CHECK the box that says `` LPR Byte Counting Enabled '' . I initially left it blank as the manual shows , and the test page printed fine , but I could not print any other documents from this printer . I determined the problem was with the D-Link because I could plug the printer directly into the computer and all printed fine . D-Link had me walk through the setup , and told me to check this box . After that , it worked fine from the Win7 PC , and all other PC 's attached to the network.Very , very pleased with this product . If you are having trouble with it , it 's probably due to something you have wrong in your setup .
 I purchased the DP-301U to share a HP Deskjet between 5 computers connected to a Linksys Wireless router . Setup was simple , just follow the instuction guide provided for Windows 2000 or XP . Windows 98 instructions are available on the D-link website . The computers I connected are Windows 2000 -LRB- Pro and Server -RRB- , Windows 98 , and Linux -LRB- Redhat Enterprise WS -RRB- . I gave this 5 stars due to an easy setup and install , plus , it just plain works ! What more could you ask for ?
 I purchased this to install in a coworkers home and was not at all looking forward to setting it up . I 've set up a couple netgear print servers and a iogear print server and really did n't enjoy having to install new software in order to get every computer to use the new printer . I was VERY surprised at the ease of use with this print server . I forgot to check the compatibility link in the other review but I still did hot have any problems even thought the printer I connected was not listed . In addition to that D-Link does not require ANY additional software to be installed in order to connect this printer -LRB- using Windows XP - I 'm not sure about any other operating system -RRB- . All you need to do is configure a standard TCP port and you are good to go . The only reason that I did not give the DP-301U 5 stars is because it did not come with either a network cable , nor did it come with a USB cable . That would have been a very nice addition to the package . Great job D-Link , just do n't be so cheap next time .
 I got it to work with XP and Windows 7 . There are no instructions for Windows 7 . However , here 's how I got it to work with Windows 7 , 64 bit with a Canon MP830 AIO All In One printer ... In the Windows 7 machine go to ... 1 . Start .2 . Devices and Printers3 . Add a Printer4 . Add a network , wireless , or Bluetooth printer5 . Pick ... ` The printer that I want is n't listed ' 6 . Add a printer using TCP/IP address or hostname7 . On line that says ` Hostname or IP address ' enter your IP address of D-Link print server . The D-Link is preset at 192.168.0.10 . However , it needs to match the IP address on your router . So you need to either change the one on your Print Server or the Router . In your router look next to PS-D1BD95 . Do n't change `` Device Type '' on on this screen . When done , click ` Next ' and you will have to wait 2 minutes for the next screen .8 . Pick ` Custom ' 9 . Settings10 . Change Protocal to LPR11 . Check off ` LPR Byte Counting Enabled ' 12 . Enter a Queue Name . -LRB- Mine is PS-D1BD95 which I got from the router . -RRB- 13 . On the next screen you have to pick your printer . This is assuming your printer driver is already in your computer . I initially installed my printer through a USB cable first . Then I added the wireless through the Dlink Print Server.For XP the instructions are ... 1 . add printer2 . next3 . pick ` Local Printer attached to to this computer and deselect `` Automatically detect and install my plug and play printer . `` 4 . Select `` Create a new port . '' At the pull-down menu , highlight `` Standard TCP/IP Port . `` 5 . Next6 . Next7 . Type in the IP address of the print server . The D-Link is preset at 192.168.0.10 . However , it needs to match the IP address on your router . So you need to either change the one on your Print Server or the Router . In your router look next to PS-D1BD95 . The port name will automatically be filled in .8 . Next9 . Select `` Custom '' Then click on Settings .10 . Select `` LPR `` 11 . Under Queue Name , input PS-D1BD9512 . Make sure ` LPR Byte Counting Enabled ' is deselected13 . Click okay14 . Click Custom15 . Next16 . click Finish17 . Find your printer and click next18 The rest should be easy.Your Done !!!!
 Si tienes amigos que juegen GT3 a un alto nivel pueden pasar noches enteras jugando en red ... garantizado ! , esperen que venga GT4 ...
 This does improve the throughput significantly . It is easy to mount and is worth the upgrade to give your server a performance boost
 You may be wondering , as I was , who is the manufacturer of the drive inside the Iogear case . It is an IBM Deskstar 60GXP -LRB- model IC35L040AVER07 -RRB- - 7200 RPM , UltraATA/100 , very quiet . The USB drivers work natively under Win 2000 and XP , very easy to use . It is a nice system and I 'd like to see Iogear sell it with a better power supply , because the first time I plugged it into the drive , one of the cheapo pins bent and had to be bent back -- so be careful about that . But otherwise it 's been fine .
 I 'm enjoying having the flexibility of the external hard drive , but disappointed that the rebate turned out to be a scam . I cut out the only code on the side of the box and mailed it in , and they said that I did not send the right bar code . It is the only one on the box . I assume this is either an Iogear issue or one with the company that handles their rebates . It 's a shame , because I know I wo n't buy a product from them again due to their exercising poor faith in following up on the promised rebate .
 I think this is a great external USB 2.0 HD . What I like most about this HD is USB 2.0 that is backward compatable with USB 1.0 and the 40GB .
 I wrote this review in response to another review about the `` problem with Windows 2000 Pro '' . I had this IOGEAR GHE135U enclosure with my old hard drive -LRB- ATA66 -RRB- with Windows 2000 Pro SP3 , it has no problem at all . The Windows 2000 found it and installed it as `` Disk Drive '' at very first time when connecting it . About this , it is also clearly stated at its manual ... `` no driver need for ME , 2000 , XP '' . The only thing I do n't like is the extra external power adapter ; however , I beleive it is a must in order to provide the extra voltages for the regular hard drive -LRB- 12 Volt/5 Volt -RRB- . I like the big switch in the front panel , which allow me to just turn if off -LRB- after I ` Stop ' it at the OS -RRB- without need to unplug it .
 This is good for my Palmone Zire 31 , and it has room for case , cards , and the handheld . I bought Targus CH 055 Slim Leather Palm V Case in the beginning but it did n't fit at all . This one looks very classical and conservatively fashionable . I love it .
 I bought this wallet for my Palm Tungesten E from Amazon about 3 months ago.Pros : - It looks stylish , natural , and feels just like a wallet . - Button flap is extra secure to keep the content inside firmly . - Side elastic made of solid bands are snug , while the bottom side has 2 narrow bands to allow for HotSync cable connection.Cons : The Palm tended to slip -LRB- but do n't fall -RRB- about 1/4 '' first month , then by the second month , it started to slip almost an inch . Also the same thing happens every time the HotSync cable is attached to the bottom of the Palm.The Fix : I bought a pack of 3 sets of Stic Mount 's Hook & Loop white Velcro strip -LRB- 3 X 3/4 '' -RRB- from Wal-Mart for about $ 1.50 . I only used 1 set , attached one Male -LRB- sharp -RRB- band behind the Palm and the other Female -LRB- soft -RRB- one to the inner of the wallet . I measured it and did a mock trial prior to removing the adhesive to get sense of close alignment . It only took 3 minutes and it way very easy.The result is just awesome , now the Palm stays put in there firmly , and I love it after I almost went out to buy another case .
 I am quite happy with the Leather Wallet I purchased for my new Zire 31 . In fact , I have ditched my old wallet and now use this to carry all my cash and credit cards along with the PDA . I have n't had any of the problems other reviewers had re
 This case has been a life saver . I am able to keep all of my important posessions -LRB- Zire 31 , credit cards , deiscount cards -RRB- in one place while shopping .
 This leather cover the a Palm Zire PDA is wonderful . It looks great and its very practical . It has enough space to hold notes and business cards without being bulky . And at this price , you ca n't beat it .
 I upgraded the hard drive of my laptop , and I bought this enclosure so that I can make good use of the old hard drive . Installation instructions are very clear and easy to do . It uses power supplied by the USB port . I plug it into a PC running Windows XP and it 's automatically recognized ! It supports USB 2.0 , and it 's very fast indeed . Highly recommended !
 The enclosure is very easy to install . It looks very nice .
 I bought these on DEEP discount and , for the money , they are very clean sounding cable -LRB- without being dry -RRB- between by DAC and Creek Audio Evo 2 integrated . I wish I 'd bought more at the time , cause now they 're twice as expensive .
 I bought these specifically for the 2-channel analog out for an Oppo SE universal player . I am generally skeptical over extraordinary claims of `` clarity '' , `` soundstage '' , etc. by cable manufacturers , but I was made a believer once I heard the results these cables produce . I find all of Audioquest 's products to be well-made and dependable , and these are no exception .
 Works fine as a direct replacement for RBC5 ... or several other RBC packs if you know what you are doing -LRB- for example , two of these together make an RBC8 assuming you have the correct wiring harness ... or you can turn this into an RBC33 if you separate the two packs and reuse the old harness to mount them vertically -RRB- . Be aware though that you are probably getting 12V 7.5 AH packs , whereas most UPSes -LRB- at least from APC -RRB- seem to originally come with 12V 9AH cells -LRB- same dimensions , but heavier and give longer runtime -RRB- . I deducted a star because of this , however , I find that most replacement battery packs are like this . You might be better off sourcing bulk 9AH packs of the proper dimensions , and gluing them together yourself . .
 Direct replacement for the APC RBC5A battery for less then then the APC brand . Have replaced batteries from several APC UPS with these without issue .
 This looks great as I plan on teaching 1750 - 1900 this year to my homeschooled children . I especially like the idea of maps , that is if I can print them off . It is good to have maps pertaining to that era specifically . The only reservation I have would be the systems requirements , as I have XP but I can use it on our Windows 98 I am sure.Looks great !!
 Great product , cheap , plugged right in no problem , came in the allotted time and is in my jeep now . Saved time and money by buying it online .
 Sound quality is nice and the cabinetry is well designed ; however , the remote lacks a few essential features as well as the LCD on the CD player leaves room for improvement . The remote does not have the ability to power on and off the CD player making it only somewhat helpful in remotely adjusting your CD listening , but not fully featured . Another disadvantage is that the LCD screen is not as clear as you would want and for a dim room the angle of clear viewing is slim at best . The best way to get this product is in a bundle ... Do n't misunderstand the review though , this is a nice product , but do n't think that there are not a few shortcomings .
 Update 11/28/11Have been using the radio and CD player for the past 11 months and am very happy with it . Have had friends comment on the sound quality . Only negative is the lettering on the tuner is hard to read . Am now considering adding the sub woofer to it.Original review below -- My wife wanted a CD player for the kitchen and simplicity was the key word . My mother has a Bose and it sounds great , but is totally reliant on the remote . Not a knob or button on it . The Tivoli , on the other hand , is simplicity at its best . Model Two radio was first as a Christmas present and it sounds great -LRB- I am not an audiophile -RRB- . Sound fills the room . With only three knobs it is very easy to use and the radio is very selective . Added the Model CD to it today and within minutes I was enjoying music from a CD . Remote , if you choose to use it , is a good size and buttons on it are very readable and appear to have all the functions needed.All other reviews are a couple or more years old and here 's hoping that the problems they had with the CD player are resolved . Come back in a few months and I will update this review . I also love the cherry finish . Such a classic look . If you need fancy this is not the unit for you . If you are looking for class go for it . So far very happy .
 I bought a Tivoli Two and this CD player together , and they are truly beautiful little beasts , both in appearance and in sound quality . The Tivoli Two has performed flawlessly , but after a few months , the CD player developed a nasty habit of eating CDs at unpredictable intervals -LRB- turning the player off , turning it on its head , turning it back on and pushing Eject is usually successful after three or four tries -RRB- . If I were a sensible person , I would send it in for repair -- it 's otherwise a marvelous set and well worth it .
 Just buy it for it 's elegance , simplicity and high quality.Tivoli will never let you down .
 you can get a remote at Tivoli site but I do n't think you need it ... cd players are just for show anyway .
 First I bought the model one radio and then I bought the cd player . Good stuff however I do n't like the multiple box concept . For the same money I could have bought a Bose Wave .
 Having come across the three preceding reviews , I feel obliged to correct the negative impression they leave . I bought one of the first Model CDs to be made , and it had a design problem . It did n't play all CDs and the drive mechanism was flaky . But it SOUNDED terrific - high resolution and warm , balanced sound - one of the best digital/analog converters I 've ever heard.I contacted the company immediately and learned that they were having problems with many units and that they were already in the process of fixing the design problem . They said that they could send a replacement immediately , but I opted to wait until they knew they had fixed the problem . At that time , they shipped me a new unit and allowed me to return the old one in the same packing materials.It was a pain to wait for , but well worth it . This is a simple , `` bare-bones '' CD player that is perfectly matched to the Model One . The design problem was part hardware and part software , and it is completely fixed . What 's amazing is how good the music sounds . If that 's what you 're looking for , you 'd be foolish to ignore this CD player because of the other reviews . They are not wrong , but collectively they leave the wrong impression about this CD player . For the price , I doubt you can find any CD player that sounds this good .
 I 've recently purchased a tivoli model two , cd and subwoofer and I can honestly say that I am in love ! This system is simple to use , has terrific sound quality and is BEAUTIFUL to look at . I must admit , having such great sound eminating from these tiny wooden boxes was a wonderful surprise , because what initial attracted me to them were their aesthetic wonder ! The model two is definitely the centre piece and it 's a real joy simply to turn it 's dials and adjust it 's knobs - it speaks of quality and an age-old construction and is a far cry from how other units in general are built - smooth , substantial and a real smooth feel - you jsut know that when you are looking for a station that this unit is really working to lock onto it and keep it there ! As to the cd player - it fits in perfectly with the model 2 and if you can afford it by all means buy it ! It is wonderfully minimal -LRB- as is the entire tivoli line -RRB- and dispenses with all the gidgets and gazmos found on just about every mini-system made today . It sucks your cd in -LRB- as a car cd player does -RRB- and produces a smooth wonderful sound . It 's tiny remote -LRB- again fashioned after Henry Klosses remotes from teh past -RRB- All you really have to do is lift one of the units to feel how solidly built - their surprisingly heaviness screems out what great components they have -LRB- no cheap plastic parts here ! -RRB- . The subwoofer really adds a great soft punch to the music - I was really afraid about this part of the unit from what I 've read from some reviewers online . Honestly , I 've no idea what they were expecting . There is definitely a big difference once the bass unit is added ! I 'm now so in love I 'm wanting to add a model three to my `` collection '' ! A truly great investment - these pieces will be with me for a very long time - their timeless looks alone will see to that !
 My wife and I had been looking for over a year for a simple sound system to install in our new dining room/library on a very narrow -LRB- 8 inches deep -RRB- built-in shelf . None of the micro systems were small enough and most looked like they 'd be at home in a sci-fi horror flick . Not only is this unit attractive but it 's not much deeper than a CD . The controls are easy to use and with the remote we can control the unit from the dining table .
 I am using it with a plug in mini plug to the pod on a Bose Computer Sound System . It works beautifully . -LRB- Thanks Amazon for the upgraded shipping . -RRB- This unit 's heft shows heritage of design along the lines of expensive car deluxe CD players . Size is perfect and sits inconspicuously on my small bookcase . The fluorescent display is great , no way it could be improved . The player loads and plays the disk automatically.Slick . The remote is a coup d'etat of just the right size and easy to read symbols . Important , else you would be hard pressed to see and fumble for the function keys on the unit if you are not eagle eyed . -LRB- This is an industry design thing that aint never going to go way -RRB- Summary
 My brother and I were looking to replace our mother 's broken CD player . We wanted something that looked and sounded good and that was also easy to use . Finding something with the last attribute , simplicity of use , without giving up the first two attributes was the hard part . The Tivoli CD player was ideal
 I received the Tivoli Model CD Player as a Christmas gift to add to my Tivoli Satellite -LRB- Sirius -RRB- radio . I also own the extra Tivoli speaker which makes the system truly stereo . The CD player attached easily and was working in a matter of minutes . Overall , the controls are simple and easy to use . I especially like using the remote control since it 's convenient and easy to read . The sound from this system is amazing . The clarity , depth and richness of sound from this little system is worth every penny . And , it 's beautiful to look at . I have the system in my office and often receive compliments on its appearance . If you 're looking for a compact , attractive , easy to assemble and use system , the Tivoli is perfect for you .
 I bought this TV early May 2003 . I have shopped around a bit and decided to get this one because it was a good deal . In my opinion this is a `` good but no frills '' television . It has no features that stand out or make it unique . It has a clear picture and good sound for layman eyes and ears like mine . If you are looking for a low cost flat-screen TV you may want to consider this one . I owned a Philips and was satisfied with the quality . I owned the other one in Switzerland but hope their quality is the same worldwide.Plus
 Color , sound and picture on this television are very good . I am in the process of joining the 21st century so I made up my mind to buy a TV that looks like it was made after 1987 and a surround sound home theatre system . This Philips was the first purchase . I am very cost conscious when it comes to audio visual items and the price was very competitive.I am very pleased with the three video inputs -LRB- in addition to regular cable coax input -RRB- . They are easy to access and clearly labeled for very quick setup . In particular the presence of both S-video and component video -LRB- note both are on same video input -RRB- was a key feature . The component video coming in from a DVD player is quite good.Picture is very clear . It can be dark for some of the preset modes but at least two `` sports '' and `` multimedia '' are amply bright and of course you can personalize the settings . I find the `` theatre '' setting in a dark room does give a movie theatre feel . Plenty large screen for a small room , particularly with the flat screen.Remote control is easy to use but is limited as a `` universal remote '' . It works with my VCR and my DVD player -LRB- power on/off play , forward , reverse etc. -RRB- but ca n't access any of the advanced features -LRB- for example direct access of menus on the DVD -RRB- so you wo n't be using this remote to toss out any of your others . It does good channel management . Several quick pick buttons that can have several channels associated with each.The TV has no clock . Not something I looked for but since I have now switched from the VCR to the TV as the primary tuner -LRB- I used my old TV only from VCR , DVD played through VCR as well -RRB- its something I miss.The TV is bigger than it looks . The flat screen and side speakers make it very wide at the front and requires a little more room left to right than other 27 '' televisions.My favorite feature is the sound . As I said in the beginning I had planned to buy a surround sound system but I am going to wait for a bit and enjoy the excellent stereo in this TV . Unlike other stereo TV 's I 've owned or listened to the left/right separation is clear . Bass response is very good . Sound too can be customized.In summary you get an awful lot for the money . The Philips RealFlat is priced at a level you still see other brands regular tube 27 '' units .
 Overall , this is a great TV . The picture is excellent -LRB- very nice tube with digital comb filter -RRB- , the audio is excellent -LRB- even without big speakers hooked up to it -RRB- , and no problem with buzzing or burning smells as previously reported by other reviewers.Setup was easy . The online menu is easy to follow -LRB- did not have to read the manual -RRB- , except for setting up the parental controls , which is quite involved -LRB- which is expected with increased options -RRB- . The remote control is good as well , with universal control of VCRs and DVDs/Cable boxes etc. . The only disappointment with the universal feature was , while the list of VCRs which it can control is extensive , there are few DVD players which this remote can handle -LRB- I was not able to get it to work with my DVD player -RRB- . The manual that ships with the unit also contains the wrong codes so a call to Philips Customer Suppport is required to utilize this feature.Overall , I would recommend gettting this TV , especially if you have a Costco around which carries it under $ 300 . The only negatives of this unit that I have discovered so far are :1 -RRB- limited universal DVD control2 -RRB- no clock feature -LRB- even my 13 '' Daewoo has this !!! -RRB-
 I bought this Philips 27PT643R 27 '' Real Flat Stereo TV a week ago at a Costco warehouse -LRB- $ 300 -RRB- . It has been released recently . I do share the comments with the July 19 , 2003 posting , it relates my experience so far.The TV has n't shown any problems or noticeable things yet -LRB- I hope it wo n't -RRB- . For the price this is a great deal . I 'm not sure why the other users have those buzzing problems , it seems so strange . The sound is great . We have two large speakers and now are not necessary , it is enough with the TV.It 's true that the image is darker than other TVs I 've seen , and that the annoying `` MUTE '' setting stays all the time visible , but programming the features was quite easy.Although it took us a while to set up the control of DVD and VCR devices . The manual puts the instructions simple but it did n't work that well . Also , for my Emerson VCR I had to try 6 different codes until I got the proper one . And I was surprised that is bilingual -LRB- English/Spanish -RRB- when my 4 years old Zenith was trilingual ! Other than that , the menu features are ok . I did n't need the parental settings.What I like mostly is that you can set your favorite channels with 4 buttons , so I asigned a channel per button and go directly to it without the need of zapping.The only thing I dislike -LRB- and it 's quite common with new TV sets -RRB- is that the TV completely depends on the control remote , only volume and channels can be regulated without it ; for the rest , there is no way if something happens to the remote . I wish it had a protected front panel where you could adjust contrast , brightness , etc manually.Overall , I 'm very satisfied with it .
 I have had this TV -LRB- and it 's smaller 19 in version -RRB- since 2004 . Not one problem , not one complaint . We are happy with the picture , size and ease of use . The plugs on the side make it easy to hook and unhook the PS2 . Even my 5 year old daughter can set it up herself .
 This tv was a great buy for the price ... even a great buy if it was n't the reasonable price . The picture it has is truly amazing . Watching movies that I 've already seen now feels like seeing it for the first time . The sound is wonderful , and from what I can hear there are no problems with buzzing . Philips also seems to care about their customers since in the manual there are numerous ways to contact them if any problems do arrive . -LRB- but they wo n't -RRB- Great tv .
 I bought a pallet of overhead projectors as an investment to help out missionary friends . One had no lamps and a second only had one so would n't work . I went online to check on a price and by far , this poster had the best price . I was a little hesitant to order three items from an unknown supplier but I had no reason for concern . They shipped quickly and the lamps worked perfectly in the overhead projectors . I would order from them again without ANY hesitation .
 Since my onboard NIC was starting to fail and give me dropped packets , I decided I wanted a good quality NIC that may help with my gaming ; thus , I decided on Intel.Pros : - Works great with Windows 7 64bit-PCIe is the way to go , can use this on future PCs-Provides very good throughput over both a 100 and 1000mbit network-Easy to Install ; Plug in and screw in-Has more options than anyone could ever useCons : - Kind of expensiveOther stuff : - Drivers and control panel extensions for Windows 7 64bit are very hard to find on the Intel site-An Intel chipset built by HP-Heatsink gets surprisingly warm for a network card
 Had the drive for a short period of time and works as expected . Easy installation and fast .
 I was unaware that a card was necessary for the usb 2 , so therefor I wasted my money buy buying this usb2 buslink that runs only at the speed of usb1 , and I had wanted to pass this from computer to computer , and I did not wish to take out my harddrive everytime I wanted to download large files rapidly
 This was my first experience installing a pre-configured system . In the past it has always been individually picked components . I have to say for the price , this system is PERFECT . $ 439 frankly is too low of a price . The only thing I would change is that the bass could stand to be a little stronger , however I think it would be adequate for most people 's taste . The reciever never stopped surprising me with what it offered , such as THREE Optical inputs , and 3 Video inputs . As well as the abiltiy to still hook up an existing Tape deck , and seperate CD Player.Configuration was the simplest I have ever seen , simply tell the unit the distance each speaker is placed from where you will sit to watch the TV , then run a sound test to make sure each speaker is equally as loud , thats all . And best of all the unit IS NOT made in China or Taiwan . I would highly suggest the system to anyone who doesnt want to spend the time or money on a custom configured system . I think it will impress you , and if not you can always return it !
 Ok , this is not a high end multi-thousand dollar system . It is a well priced , excellent sounding system for anyone . I installed the system in my `` home theater '' room and the sound it generates is excellent . When all 7 channels get to cranking in a movie or Xbox game -LRB- especially HALO2 -RRB- well let 's just its a complete immersive experience . The 5.1 to 7.1 converter capabilities really do a great job . The hookups are plentiful and well marked . The only negatives would be
 OK , if you are looking at this review you are probably the owner of a room that you are calling your `` theater room '' or the like and you are looking for a good system for around $ 500 or less . Well , I have good news , you just found one.Before I go into more details about the highs and lows of my experience with this Onkyo system , let me address who this system is not indented for -LRB- and who will not be happy with this system -RRB- . If the room that you are installing this system into is really large , let 's say bigger than 30ft . x 30ft. , then you might consider something with more power and bigger speakers . If you are a highly critical audiophile who has much , much more than $ 500 in aftermarket sound equipment in your car , you might consider something a bit more inline with your taste.On the other hand , if you simply want the best sound and quality for the money and you only have $ 500 burning a hole in your pocket , this is the system for you . Here are my findings after purchasing this Onkyo system for my home theater :1 . As you will read elsewhere , the speaker cables are sub-par . I found a great deal on woot.com for a 5.1 home theater cabling system from Monster . $ 35 after shipping . Ca n't beat that . But you need two since this is a 7.1 system . If you are lucky you will find that deal on woot again soon . If not , definately find better cables somewhere . I mean , you can use the stuff that comes with the Onkyo system , but the sound quality difference is slightly perceivable if you have a good ear .2 . I would not say that the speakers in this system are the best ... in fact , they are far from it . Are they adequate ? Absolutely . And the best part is that there is a pre-defined equalizer setting in the amp that is specially designed for the speakers that come with this system . It works really well and essentially makes up for the lacking sound quality that these speakers exhibit .3 . You will need to position the speakers carefully . You should do a lot of research on proper placement for surround sound systems and analyze your room to figure out exactly where your speakers should go .4 . My recommendation for anyone/everyone -LRB- whether you buy this system or not -RRB- is that you should at least attempt to soundproof your home theater room as much as possible . The sound quality of any system will be dramatically improved if operated in a properly designed room.Overall , I can assure you that you will not be unhappy with this purchase . Do your research and will almost certainly come back to this system again and again due to the unbelievable price and the overwhelmingly positive reviews on every site that sells this system .
 Outstanding system for a modest budget . I purchased this system for 400 and tax from Circuit City . The handling of dvd surround is superb and it brings movies to life ; as is stereo music from CD . The radio receiver is also outstanding . I 'm listening to my CD collection with new ears . It 's my first home theater purchase and this is a terrific system for under $ 500 . It has plenty of inputs for component connectivity
 I did plenty of research prior to buying this product . Depending on your specifications this is , in my oppinion , the best mid-range priced system available . It arrived in a 41/2 foot tall box and in good time from the distributor . Getting the unit put together is easy and took about an hour once I got started -LRB- everything is color coded -RRB- . Once hooked up I was ready to roll.Currently I am not utilizing the 7.1 feature of this unit , although I plan to in the future when I get a longer room , as a result I ran into an interesting setup configuration dilemma . Perhaps it is common knowledge to most , however I had originally connected my 2 front speakers , center , subwoofer , and 2 BACK SURROUND SOUND SPEAKERS and when I watched a movie the sound was good but not great - once I changed the connection to the 2 SURROUND SOUND SPEAKERS the sound was awesome ! Follow the manual for your specific reciever settings -LRB- as far as speaker distance from listening area , etc -RRB- and I think you will be very happy with this purchase.Other suggestions - when you are able I would switch out the 18 gauge stock speaker wire for 14 or 16 gauge -LRB- 12 is overkill -RRB- and get yourself some decent wall mounts for the speakers and you 're set .
 The spirit of my comments may also be applied to the cheaper -LRB- $ 299 vs. $ 499 -RRB- Onkyo HT-S580 system as well , and also I see there 's an intermediate Onkyo HT-S680 . I 'll let others comment on their subjective reactions to this system versus other systems . Those comments are extremely important ; however I do n't feel qualified to offer contrasts , because I have n't carefully compared the systems . Instead I 'm going to offer some broad observations , and you can get other insights elsewhere.With multi-channel sound becoming common , I became interested a sound system that could render it , but I wanted a flexible system that was neither expensive nor junk . After surveying the turf , I gravitated towards the Onkyo boxed systems . Here 's why : First of all , I did not want a system that included a DVD player . It struck me as a bad idea to tie the sound system to a specific DVD player . I figure a DVD player , being mechanical , will have a shorter lifespan than a receiver . And I 'd like to be able to upgrade my DVD player with a recordable unit or BluRay or whatever . So it 's best to buy a separate DVD player , rather than a boxed system with an integrated DVD player . Let 's focus here on decent audio rather than extras.It would also be preferable to have a theater system where the individual components are not tied together . That is , I 'd have the freedom to use different speakers or the like . It makes the system more flexible if the components can stand on their own . By way of contrast , I had looked at some of the Panasonic systems , such as the HT-15 or HT-17 . I rather liked the look and convenience of these systems -LRB- e.g. , integrated speaker stands -RRB- ; however I noticed that the speaker amplifiers resided in the subwoofer enclosure . There 's nothing wrong with this , and in fact you might even prefer it
 well well well i got this system for a christmas present -LRB- 12-25-11 -RRB- and i am still happy with the onkyo clarity i had a sony 5.1 but this onkyo 7.1 i LOVE it it 's ok it do n't have hdmi hook ups but my TV have 3 all i want is clear sounds with my big screen when i am watching a movie or playin football on my ps3 but my wife hate that she bought because now when i am home it 's onkyo time
 I bought this mic when I was browsing for something I could record my demos over . It really picks up good quality sounds ! Very light and easy to hold in your hands for long periods of time . I rated it 4 , however , because it is n't loud enough , unless you use Windows ' Microphone booster . But other than that , you ca n't get much better , unless you plan on spending alot more money . Good buy .
 I have studied and compared features , purchased other microphones that I had to return for just not ` measuring up ' but this is the hands down winner for great quality at an excellent price ! I use it with my camcorder to eliminate background noise , I use it on my computer for narration with my video editing program , and I use it with my daughter 's kareoke machine for great voice quality . I used to hate hearing my recorded voice but this microphone makes my voice sound deep and rich ! I love it !!
 The sound is good . But it is not heavy enough . Do n't feel it is of a good quality though .
 I got this wireless card based on the recommendation of a friend after I lost my other card . I am VERY happy with it . The configuration is very easy and quick , and the client utility is very well laid out for finding new networks and setting up profiles to save the configuration settings . One word of advice ... the version of the client utility that comes with the card is not the latest one . Go to their website and download the 2.4.2.14 version to get the very latest in software and driver . Highly recommened ...
 I knew this was an excellent product when I first saw come out about 2-3 years ago ; and had my heart set on it when I 'd need a Wi-Fi card . No real problems have arisen with it , just a little snafew with the vendor , Tech For Less . They originally sent me an Orinoco 11b USB Gold Wi-Fi adapter . They did rectify the situation rapidly though ; by the following Wed. . I had the correct product . However , I had to send the wrong one back with RTS label they setup for me . All is well now .
 Love this mouse - I have been using it for about a year now - still works like a charm . I was having a lot of overuse problems in my hand before and that went away with this product . I would definitely buy it again .
 This trackball from Kensington is easy to install and easy to use . I know that trackballs take a little getting use to , but I have used them before . I am very pleased with this unit .
 The Expert Mouse is a necessesity for my workflow And it arrived promptly and functions perfectly !! My favorite mouse ever
 very very quick shipment . LOVE the kensington expert t-ball compared to my older light-weight -LRB- cheaper -RRB- logitechs.being a user with very limited feeling and use of my hands and no movement of fingers , the large ball and widely separated big buttons make this unit a dream to use . the substantial weight means it NEVER slides about on the desk .
 I 've used quite a few mice over my years , and this is by far my favorite mouse . Does everything I need , and a few things more.One disappointment
 Very smooth operation and the wrist rest is very nice . I really like the scrolling ring it seem very natural to use .
 I found the Kensington to be very comfortable and extremely accurate . It was priced way below local retailers even when taking the shipping into account . I 'm glad I spent the extra few bucks to upgrade to the track ball .
 I 've used a kensington track ball from the first day they came out many years ago . This new one is a real refinement over the older ones . You can control the tracking speed much more precise when drawing or moving an object . I use all the latest software such as Photoshop , Illustrator , Strata StudioPro 3D and many more that require precise drawing movements .
 I used to use keyboard with trackball and then over the years moved to mouse . However I bought Slimball and decided to try track ball again . I was extremely disappointed by Slimball . Then started looking up reviews and expert track ball was recommended . I exchanged slimball with expert track ball . Boy the difference between the two products is that of night and day . Expert trackball is amazing , it is so well engineered that using it is a breeze , buttons are just ` there ' . Scroll ring is fantastic.I would highly recommend this product to anyone.Regards , Purvesh
 This is a great mouse , the first one I own of this type . I changed the settings so the mouse can move fast around the screen . I love the scroll ring , makes it easy to navigate up and down , although I do n't know if you can do it horizontally .
 I am very happy with my purchase of the Optical USB tackball . I plugged it in and that is all I had to do . This is the third Kensington trackball I purchased . I like the large ball because there is a lot a surface area for your fingers , and you get to use your thumb instead of our fingers to click the mouse . This trackball also as a large ring around the ball for easy scrolling , up and down . This optical version does not use the mechanical wheels under the ball so it the ball just glides around . The trackball also uses less surface space in your computer work area because it is stationary and just the ball moves . The trackballs take a little time to get use to because they require a different hand motion but after the initial break in time - you will never go back to the typical mouse .
 The computer mouse might have been designed to create stress and pain for wrists and fingers . The trackball is a great alternative . I use this one with a windows 7 64 bit setup . The included mouse software works well and allows for pointer movement settings different than those of the trackpad built into the desktop replacement laptop I use it on . The scroll ring does make a bit of noise when you use it , so not perfectly perfect , but worth it to dump the mechanical rodent !
 I am very pleased with this trackball . I got it for an audio workstation where I ca n't stand to use a regular mouse . The buttons are big and it wo n't hurt your hand to use this for extended periods of time . The wheel is strange at first , but you 'll be flying in no time . I 'm also quite impressed by the Mac support , where you can customize button combinations -LRB- e.g.
 I love it . Got it quickly from Amazon and I could resume working . I love this trackball ! Working with a mouse is tedious and bothers my hands after a while . Trackball is the answer .
 This mouse is really good for saving stress in my wrist & arm . I love having the ability to double click with just one click on this mouse . I had been feeling stress and strain with a conventional mouse until I switched to this one . I recommend it to anyone who also feels stress and strain with their mouse .
 I am a long-time Kensington trackball fan , and came back to this one because of the scroll ring and the fabulous feel that only Kensington has ever achieved . Sadly , they must have given the wrist-rest design to their most junior engineer , un-supervised . It looks great and might feel great , but it just does n't fit onto the trackball base - - by a country mile . If you force it into position , it levers the trackball up in the air an eighth-inch or so , and the whole mess bounces and springs around . GREAT trackball , but throw the wrist-rest in the trash or cut it and trim it and double-stick tape it to your trackball . Nice product Kensington , too bad about the accessory . Did I mention it 's a great trackball ? : o -RRB-
 I am a recent convert to the trackball . I 've always teased my friends who used one until I had to use one at work . Going home and using a standard mouse just did n't feel right anymore so I am glad to pick this up . While I do feel it is a bit pricey , the precision and available button options is great .
 This was a gift for my husband and he is very pleased with it ! He enjoys the ease of use of the trackball as opposed to the other mouse we were using .
 I spend my whole day photo editing and this is something I wish I had a long time ago . I 've been using it for a month now and I am very happy .
 NEW INFO 7/21/6My BAD . . it `` does '' support different applications for programming the buttons -LRB- IE
 I have been a long-time Kensington Expert Mouse user . The original one with the big cue ball was flawless , in use . However , it would break down fairly quickly . Then , about 3 years ago , the mechanisms got cheapened . The feel was just not as good . I was forced to the Dark Side and got a Microsoft Optical Trackball . It was pretty good . When my son 's Kensington Expert Mouse 4.0 gave out , I orded the 7.0 . Wow ! The feel of old , if not better ! Or buttah ! I am now getting our second one for the household .
 Kensington must think Windows 7 is a fad because they are not providing any software updates to make this trackball compatible .
 This is the industry standard mouse found in most of the BIG studios . There is a reason for it - it can handle everything you need it to and it is very well built . I have every reason to believe that this mouse will outlast my computer by several years !
 I ended up buying two of these ! The ergonomic design and efficiency of this mouse is incomparable ! The first time I bought it for my brother who was a quadriplegic and needed a mouse that was sensitive but good to use with his mouth stick . This was just perfect . Then I ordered one for a friend who is also a quad and was having a hard time using the computer without the right mouse . This is a fantastic product , get it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 straightforward and to the point . smooth , super comfortable . comes with a nice leather wrist-rester too , HUGE plus . i do LOVE it , 5 stars for sure ; only downside is the scroller that wraps around the trackball feels kind of tight and stutter-y . not the smoothest scrolling . although i must say if it were super loose , it might be way worse ... . bottom line , I love this mouse .
 Love it . The ball seems to glide as you turn it and the scroll ring is in the perfect spot .
 I have always been a fan of Kensington trackball products , and I thought they had cornered the market with their previous gray and blue model . I was skeptical about replacing that one ; but after four years of use , the moving parts were no longer in prestine condition . Fortunately , I had the opportunity of using the new model at work , and I was convinced that this optical K Mouse was well worth owning . Its smooth movement made computer use more enjoyable , and its contour design reduces my wrist stress factor to zero . This input device is awesome !
 I have used trackballs for years and really like them . You ca n't beat the way Kensington will stand behind them with a 5 year warranty . The scroll rings could be smoother . Does not seem to just move small amounts but jumps in increments . I do like the ring as far as where it is located . Many ways to set up your buttons and controls . I did not need the wireless model and so saved money with the wired one . Amazon had the best price when I purchased mine .
 I bought this to replace an older 4-button Kensington trackball that was finally dying . This one worked great out of the box and I 'm using the ring around the ball for scrolling more and more . The old trackball had awful rubber feet that fell off and it was a pain keeping track of those little rubber dots and sticking them back on . The feet on the new trackball are bigger and looks like they will stay stuck longer .
 I 've owned previous versions of this puck and always liked it . This particular version stands out with the optical addition , removing the wheels as a mechanism once and for all . My critcism has to do with the scroll wheel ; it is a ring that surrounds the large ball . I wish it flared out a bit more because at times I 'll be using it and my fingers will touch the ball , subsequently moving the cursor . The size of my hands may have something to do with this so it may have no effect on some customers . Nevertheless , I place this puck next to my Wacom Intuos tablet . I 've never liked using a mouse on the tablet but only the stylus . The Kensington mouse is like a `` one-two '' punch on my desk . The drivers & software config . of both do not interfere with each other and both serve well those who do any kind of design work .
 Easy Mac installation , 5 minutes from box to use . The trackball has a nice feel and glides very smoothly , a pleasure to use . The scroll ring is jerky in it 's performance , something others have also previously noted . aside from that , it is a super gliding trackball , with a great feel ...
 I own 2 Kensington Expert Optical trackballs . I 've had the previous generations too . The optical version is very convenient since it does not need constant cleaning to remain operational . Needless to say , I like the trackball a lot ! I 've set the upper buttons to copy and paste and it saves on the common stressful multi-key operations.My one complaint is the one I have at the office is starting to roll with more friction . Even after cleaning the ball and the 3 small supports in the casing . I 'm not talking about the initial friction that people experience with the product in the first few hours . That office trackball is about 1 year old with 40 hr/wk of heavy software developer use . The one I have at home is newer , less use , and glides much easier .
 I 've used my new Expert Optical Trackball for several weeks now . I can sum up my review in one word
 This trackball is massive and is very comfortable in hand , no moving all around . The extensively programmable buttons and combinations can be configured per program any way you like . Really great if you got a few extra bucks .
 I know , there are now a gazillion reviews of this device , but this becomes a current update of sorts of another reaction , to what may or may not have changed over the last couple of years , about the nature of the fluidity of the scroll ring & trackball , among other impressions.Well I had the Kensington Expert Pro Mouse for 5 + years , and got great service from it . Loved the LARGE trackball and surrounding buttons configuration . Did not love the dinky little scroll WHEEL , and no real use for the 6 other buttons slightly beyond comfortable reach from the comfortable hand position I held above the trackball.Well finally one of the four buttons lost it 's click . The unit did not survive the disassembly . So I looked for the only other trackball that had the same great top features this one had , and lo and behold , the only one out there that I could find was the refined down Kensington Expert Mouse Optical Trackball . But the REVIEWS ! I did n't want sandy , gritty , draggy stuff . My only hope was that in the time since '04 -LRB- ? -RRB- creation , that somehow something would finally be made better to resolve the ever severe criticisms.Today the trackball arrived . Plugged it in , still had the most current driver from the last one , and set the feel and buttons up the same way . I must say that I was thrilled with the scroll ring , waaaaaaay better than the previous scroll wheel , and at least on this unit that I received , the ring is as fluid as I need , love it , no complaints , very nice action . < < < !! Oh !! , I should mention that one reason the scroll ring is so fluid is that I use a third party app called Smart Scroll , and this actually is what makes the scroll ring fluid and wonderful , download and try it , think it 's Mac only.The track ball itself is a little funny , set up to move briskly between two large screens , it will exhibit initial sluggishness and then whiz fine , and stay fine for the duration of use , only becoming sluggish again for a moment if I do n't use it for a long period . I do n't know if this will improve after some break in time , but the past unit was w/o problem -LRB- short of the common pebbles in the rollers complications -RRB- w/o the optical tracking.Positioning of hand on the wrist support and reach over the trackball is just as nice and comfortable as before , I have large hands . And nothing like new clicking buttons , they feel very nice and clicky snappy.Even with the little funnyness w / the trackball inconsistency , I just love Kensington 's trackballs , and this one is a real upgrade for me , so five stars it is ... -LSB- ADDED AFTER POSTING
 I had never even used a trackball device before buying this device , and I love it . It only took a few days to get used to it , and after a week or two , I do n't think I would ever want to go back to a mouse.As someone mentioned , when you first begin to use it , the ball does feel a little rough and makes a grinding type sound . Literally , within a couple hours , it was worn in and now is silky smooth.With the exception of the ball and scroll ring , it does look very `` plasticy '' , which , of course it is . It could use an updated look , but I do n't downgrade it for that.The one improvement I wish is had was a better scroll ring . My previous mouse was the Logitech MX Revolution Mouse -LRB- which did n't look `` plasticy '' -RRB- , and I LOVED the scroll wheel on that thing . It was on ball bearings , and had some heft to it , so you could give it a spin and it would spin for several seconds . Very handy for scrolling to the bottom of a large spreadsheet or web page . However , that mouse gave me tendinitis in my thumb . I wish this scroll wheel was on ball bearings and had more heft as well . As it , it does not scroll very smoothly , but it is better than nothing . I do n't know if other trackballs have this feature , but it they did n't , I do n't think I would like them.UPDATE
 I had been spending on average over 6 hours a day typing for the past year straight . And then I started getting the dreaded pains in my hands that are the harbinger of Carpal Tunnel . I held off on this because I thought -LSB- ... -RSB- buck !!!?? But I know now I should have done it earlier . If you like trackballs , this is the cadillac . The expert track was the one thing that seemed to alleviate the most pain in my hands.Also , the ball itself is big and heavy enough that if you are getting attacked by zombies or a frankenstein or a wolfman , you can drop that sucker into the toe of a sock and and go wild bonking 'em with it . Heck , I 've been praying the planet is socked with some sort of armageddon scenario ... like alien invasion , giant rodents and / or radioactive monkeys ... so I can go and bonk them in the head with my sock ball.Probably also good to have if you find yourself in prison . A sock ball can be a handy thing in a shower or during a riot.I would however not go around bonking regular people ... that 's how I learned that last part .
 I must come down on the side of the folks who are happy with their Trackball Mouse . I use a PC all day as a shipping and receiving guy and many nights and weekends as an internet traveler and photography enthusiast using Photoshop . I could feel that my mousing was going to start taking a toll so I purchased this `` Mouse '' on the company dime and after two days , I bought one myself for my home use . Neither was bad initially but over a few days they did become smoother and I do n't think the ball is heavy at all . I move it with my fingertips and it seems rather floaty and moves easily and accurately . The scroll wheel is very useful , -LRB- I would n't have made the purchase if it did n't have that wheel -RRB- , and I adapted to it quickly . It does have a slight granularity to it 's rotation but that adds a sense of feel that I do n't find objectionable . I was a little skeptical even after reading the positive reviews and I was glad that I could experiment with someone else 's cash when buying the first , but after trying one , I purchased the second without reservation . It 's a real improvement over a standard mouse and works great . I use it with XP and it worked as soon as I plugged it in . And I do believe that it will serve an ergonomic purpose as time goes on . Your hand can be less cupped and is n't held in the same position for the whole time you are mousing .
 I now own 2 of these Trackball Kensingtons . The first I 've been using with my Power Mac at home over 3 years for editing with Final Cut Pro and computing / web surfing in general . With a 20 '' wide 16x9 AR monitor and very limited space for a convential mouse to move around this was the perfect solution . With the substantial weight of the ball itself and very precise tracking , once I got the feel and used to moving the cursor with it I was and am now able to make it fly quickly to wherever on the big sized screen in a `` blink '' it seems . It comes with a very nice cushion which attaches to it with a push snap set of little plastic nubs . My wife bought me an even more comfortable gel cushion for the same purpose . Totally happy with it.Then a couple months ago at work with my PC setup and a decent sized 4x3 monitor , an often paper strewn desk and again limited space for the conventional mouse , I got tired of running it off of its little mouse pad . -LRB- I know ... it 's possible to adjust the mouse to cover more area with the same travel -RRB- . Anyway I went ahead and bought another Kensington on my own dime for the work application and use its supplied palm pad . Great decision.Pros
 First of all Expert Mouse is not a mouse at all , it is a trackball . I have been using this trackball for almost five months now and I can say that it is one of the best trackballs I have ever used . Its build quality and comfort is second to none . Software is very easy to install . It is not the cheapest trackball in the market but you as they say you get what you pay for . I highly recommend this trackball for anyone using computers for long hours.Pros :1 . Diamond Eye optical technology for extreme precision while navigating2 . Ergonomic design including a built-in wrist rest3 . Four programmable buttons4 . Scroll ring surrounding a very large trackball5 . Trackball has a virtually frictionless rotation -LRB- wish I could say same for its scroll ring -RRB- 6 . Support both Mac and PC -LRB- Mac OS X or later , Windows 98 or up and yes it supports MS Vista -RRB- 7 . Comes with a five year warranty8 . Metallic black and silver color scheme9 . It is big and quite stable on the deskCons :1 . Scrolling ring is not very smooth2 . Some people may not like it because it is not cordless3 . Expensive4 . Personally I do n't like trackballs for playing games
 I 've been a mouse user for a long time and wrist strain and a desire for higher precision in photoshop lead me to purchase a large style trackball . The kensington seems to be the only large one readily available . I was n't disappointed and I 'm not sure how I lived with mice for so long . This trackball is wonderful and the optical tracking gets rid of the problems of older trackballs . The scroll wheel is easy to bump if you 're not in the proper position , but after a little use , it 's not a problem . My only real complaint is a lack of support for windows vista - it works fine , but you ca n't reprogram the buttons or assign the upper two - also , installing the Kensington drivers -LRB- not recommended for Vista -RRB- , results in being unable to uninstall them and it does n't detect any devices -LRB- note this does n't prevent the built-in drivers from working normally -RRB- . It 's even fun to use in Half Life 2 -LRB- I 'm not a big gamer though , but I spend a few hours every now and then . -RRB-
 I have tried them all , and this one is the best . Is it perfect ? Is it for everyone ? No.The big advantage this unit has over the others has been overlooked by other reviewers . When I use this track ball , there are many hand positions that work well . Quite often I drape my hand over the whole thing and move the ball with the callouses of my pointing and ring fingers that are on the palm of my hand . I can rest my hand on the table and use a fingertip or two . One of those that I like the best is cradling the top of the ball in the nook of my # 1 and 2 fingers , just under the knuckles halfway back on the fingers.I use five or six different positions , and they are all comfortable and easy to be accurate with . The large diameter ball makes this possible , along with places on the housing that are n't buttons that fingers can rest on . I also put some of my hand weight on the ball . By using many different combinations of positions , the chances of injury is as low as it is going to get . I never get sore from the track ball , and I have been computing for a long time -LRB- please do n't ask -RRB- . The scroll ring is also easily turned with a finger or two , or thumb . From the top or either side . It 's way better than those thumbwheels . The ring to has a clicky feel when turned . It 's made that way . If you do n't like it you can take it apart and remove the magnet . The screws are under the feet , which are just stuck on , and there are a couple more under the ball.Sometimes the ball is sticky out of the box . For a track ball to work , the friction of the ball has to be very low . This high friction goes away after a while , but you ca n't wash it away with soap and water for some reason . Another reviewer suggested greasing and polishing and I expect this works . Perhaps a solvent wash with alcohol . Maybe the oil from your skin gets in the plastic and lubricates it . If I give mine a spin right now it will go for 3 revolutions.I have large hands , and this thing is perfect for me . If you have small hands it may not be for you . I threw the wrist rest away . It 's useless . I often put the track ball on the arm of an easy chair , and my whole arm and hand are supported perfectly.Setting it up for your own tastes with the software is important . It makes a huge difference . I use my computer mostly for programming and browsing , with some photoshop thrown in . Although I have a tablet , I can actually do better with the track ball in most cases when I use photoshop to fix pictures . For browsing , I have one of the upper buttons programmed to be the browser back button . That and the scroll ring will spoil you big time . Fair warning.The one thing I would like is to be able to adjust how much pressure it takes to trip the buttons . I sometimes screw up and inadvertently hit the upper left button -LRB- back -RRB- when I do n't want to . I can see Kensington rolling their eyes - it 's always something ... I tried their new track ball , the slimblade , and it was n't quite as good . The case and buttons were one and the same , so finding a place to rest hand and fingers resulted in a lot of unwanted button presses . Also , the buttons take different pressures depending on where you hit them . This unit does n't behave that way . The buttons take the same pressure no matter where they are pressed . The rotating ball vs scroll ring was a non-issue . I went back to this unit because it 's more ergonomic , even though it 's a lot thicker.I am about to buy my fourth one of these . I have managed to break several in different ways , through no fault of the manufacturer . In general these are pretty tough units . I have dropped mine off the chair arm many times and it has been ok . The cord is not tough enough to withstand a battle with the vacuum . The unit works well with a 10 foot usb passive extension cable -LRB- even though it 's too long for spec -RRB- . I can tell you that if you put it on the floor , and the dog steps on the ball , one of the bearing holders is likely to break off ...
 I have spent many hours researching trackballs . I have read a lot of negative reviews with respect to the Kensington Expert Mouse which said it did not work with Vista . I have Vista so this was no small cause of concern . However , Kensington has made it very clear on their website -LRB- but not in the instruction manual as far as I could read -RRB- NOT to install Mouseworks if you have Vista . Why buy it ? Well 1 -RRB- it is a trackball 2 -RRB- you can use it w/your left hand -LRB- I am a rightie but I use the number pad a lot since I am in finance -RRB- and 3 -RRB- it has a scrollbar on it . Yes , this seems like a lot of money to pay for a scrollbar feature since you can buy a logitech marble mouse for $ 20 sans scrollbar . But I am on the computer all the time and money is no object when it comes to convenience and comfort . So I forked over the extra price for a scrollbar.Now I have read on many reviews that the other buttons do not work with Vista . So my expectations where for rt click/left click & trackbar . Much to my pleasant surprise I found in fact all four buttons worked . Now I use for my left hand so this will probably be reversed for righties , but here are the buttons : Bottom right the main clickBottom left the secondary clickTop right
 I own the original Kensington Expert Mouse -LRB- 2-button -RRB- , the TurboMouse wireless -LRB- with the internet quick launch buttons -RRB- , and now the Expert Mouse 7.0 . I have to say . . the original was VERY good . The wireless Turbo was a dud given that the scroller was unusable . This one takes an ingenious design of putting the scroller in a VERY usable place . It really perfects the design . 4-buttons are nice since they are programmable , but the scroller is the key to it all . I ca n't imagine using a trackball without now -LRB- and honestly I had wondered if it was possible to have a scroller given a trackball design . . but Kensington has done it ! -RRB- . I will admit however , that my original 2-button ExpertMouse is somewhat superior in terms of total control and feel of the ball . I had actually replaced my ball with a billiards 9-ball which adsd more weight , and an even better feeling of control . The newer Expert 7.0 is optical and thus probably better for anti-skipping , but is a bit light in feel . However the scroller makes it worth it.Overall I have to say this is the ultimate trackball . I also own a Kensington TurboBall and I have to tell you that trackball downright stinks.The Expert is expensive but definitely worth it . My original Expert has lasted me some 8 years now without a hitch . They are built to last.Now I just wish I could afford to have 4 of them , for my laptop , desktop , and other work PC .
 About 6 years ago I was blessed with my first Kensington trackball , the TurboMouse , after reading rave reviews . I had never used such a perfect input device ! When I got a new computer with USB , I could n't use the TurboMouse so I tried several other Kensington products and also a Logitech trackball . All were very good but when I heard about the new Expert Mouse 7.0 -LRB- check out the Kensington website for a photo -- it is gorgeous ! -RRB- , I was very excited . All I can say is that the experience is back ! And it is better ! Solid , responsive , precise and now with optical tracking and the ingenious scroll wheel , this is the finest input device ever made . Try it out and you will not be disappointed !
 I have written a complete review of this device in its Wireless Version which is no longer manufactured . Its overall design has been well described in these numerous reviews . I would like to address a few of the complaints registered in some of the reviews on this thread , at least IMHO :1 -RRB- The bearings on which the ball rests are different , and overall , there is no significant change in build quality which is more than adequate .2 -RRB- Initially I also had some difficulty on Win7/64 with Trackball Works 1.04 and 1.01 , the European version which tech support recommends when you call in to complain about the former . In my case , this represented some sort of software conflict which was no longer the case when I gave it another try after having had to reformat and reinstall my system for other reasons . Initially , although I could program the trackball without difficulty , it would intermittently hang , or my computer would crash . Since the reinstall , now for about 3 months use , Version 1.04 works absolutely fine with this Expert Mouse , but install the software before connecting the device , as mentioned . Absolutely NONE of the initial problems have recurred . Trackball Works has some problems with complete programming of the Slimblade Trackball version and Kensington is working on it , with a supposed upgrade to the software due in March , at least at the time of this writing .3 -RRB- The ergonomic issues raised by some of the reviewers are legitimate , but it depends a great deal on the individual user . I agree that the `` wrist rest '' supplied is not a very successful solution . Some will prefer the flatter format of the Slimblade , but I do n't think the four buttons work as smoothly as those on the Expert , and are very dependent on where you place your fingers on them , which is not the case with the latter which are nicely designed . At work , I use this trackball for hours on end , now for years , in our radiology department , scrolling through images , and have had absolutely no wrist or finger pain . One of the tricks is to operate the mouse with your hand canted to the right at about a 30 degree angle which helps to obviate more extreme wrist extension . Give your hand and wrist a brief rest by changing position every few minutes which can easily be done automatically during the workflow since you are n't gripping something . Any pointing device without rest will be a nuisance . For those who are particularly sensitive , place a small bean bag place under the palm of the hand , not the wrist . Since you are n't spatially moving the unit , it is not intrusive , if you buy a proper sized bag .4 -RRB- Complaints about the scroll ring , IMHO , are entirely unjustified . It works very well . I have had no problems with its function on this unit , my previous wireless mouse , or any in our Department at work .5 -RRB- Complaints about the ball 's being sticky and insensitive are also groundless , IMHO . You will find slight `` newness '' , reflected in slight stiffness , when you first use the unit . This will clear promptly , and even more quickly if you just spin the ball for a couple of minutes with moderate downward pressure to break in the interface between the support pins and the ball . Periodically clean the ball with a little soap and water , then alcohol to restore a smooth surface , and repeat the conditioning routine , in an abbreviated form . At the same time , inspect the pins on which the ball rests for accummulated dust and debris , and make sure they 're absolutely clean . Works like a charm.For those that do n't like the scroll wheel , try the Slimblade where scrolling is done via the ball itself , turned transversely . That works well ... it 's just a matter of personal preference . I personally prefer the larger ball on the Expert versus the Slimblade , and the independent scroll wheel . The interface cable on the Slimblade is a little more robust and less prone to kinking if you move the trackball around quite a bit , for example , if you 're also using a graphics tablet on which you seat the trackball . In any case , I do n't think it 's an issue , particularly if you take a bit a care of how you set the mouse down so that it is n't repetitively stressed with a kink . BTW , I could n't find the magnet that one reviewer talked about at the bottom of the receiver for the ball . All that 's there is the optical pickup . BTW , if you use the Intuous 4 Wacom tablet , the RF mouse they supply is greatly improved over previously , and is nicely programmable , except for no control over acceleration which some users may find a distinct negative.Bottom line
 The Kensington Expert Mouse is a wonderful product - and definitely a 5-star item for those experiencing hand problems . The advent of arthritis and tendonitis had put a real damper on the amount of time I was able to spend on the computer . Even though I was a longtime user of the Microsoft trackball which did help alleviate carpal tunnel syndrome , I eventually found even that did nothing for arthritis/tendonitis pain.At one time , Amazon offered the Kensington Expert Mouse as a special deal ; foolishly I did not immediately purchase one . However , weeks later , I rectified my error and am thrilled with the Kensington Expert Mouse . My pain has been reduced and I am able to use the computer without having problems doing so.The Kensington Expert Mouse allows the user to `` click '' without having to curve the thumb or other digits to do so . The ability to depress the button without bending the digit seems to minimize stress on the joints . If , as I do , you have arthritis in the thumb and need to immobilize it , you can still use the Kensington Expert Mouse . Further , it is easy to lift your hand and hit the correct button with your index finger ; my Microsoft trackball had to be held with one hand before I could use any digit other than my thumb and not have the trackball slide around on the desktop.The ball seemed stiff during the first few uses , but it has since loosened up and moves easily . The scroll-ring is ingenious ; it allows you to move down the page using your index finger to rotate it counterclockwise . If you wish to move up the page , it easily rotates clockwise . Using the upper right button allows you to go back a page ; this saves hand motion and stress . The Kensington Expert Mouse also includes a wrist rest . Although I have attached it to the unit , I am currently in a wrist brace which is also an effective wrist rest . I believe Kensington 's wrist rest will prove useful once I am no longer in a brace.The Kensington Expert Mouse is definitely a 5-star product . Amazon 's price is about 30 % lower than other web sites and delivery , even using the Super-Saver option , was rapid . If my experience is any indication , you will not regret purchasing the Kensington Expert Mouse .
 Very happy with the optical trackball . The past trackball mouse that I have all developed problems with the rubber rollers making them stall and skip . This one is so smooth and responsive there 's no comparison . The upper buttons are a bit tough to reach at times and take a while to get used to .
 Kensington 's largest trackball is the result of almost 20 years of evolution , starting as the Kensington Turbo Mouse for the original Macintosh , Mac Plus , Apple IIe & IIc , to the Kensington Expert Mouse 7.0 optical trackball of today . If you 've had problems with carpal tunnel or similar pain in your hand and arm after too many hours using a mouse , are tired of clearing crap off of your desk in order to mouse around , or simply want a precision input device with customization options out the wazoo , this is be the trackball for you.The Kensington Expert Mouse is big , but big is good . The trackball is large , which allows for precision movements when coupled with their DiamondEye optical tracking system . The large size also makes it easy to find a comfortable position for you hand to use the trackball . Surrounding the trackball is a scroll ring and four large buttons , at the corners . The cradle itself is composed of black and grey plastic . It feels somewhat lightweight and is n't the prettiest thing , but if it 's functional -LRB- and it is -RRB- , I wo n't complain . Also included in the box is a small , ergonomic wrist rest which clips to the front of the trackball . Simply plug the trackball into a USB port and you 're ready to go , but do n't overlook the included software.The Mouseworks 3.0 software that comes bundled with the Expert Mouse is the other part of the package that makes this trackball great . The software allows you to customize the function of the Expert Mouse in just about every manner imaginable . You can rearrange button assignments , assign key commands , execute programs , set scrolling and mousing speeds and accelerations , almost anything . And the best part - you can vary the assignments by program , so that when you 're in Firefox , the top two buttons take you backwards and forwards , while using the bottom two buttons to chord -LRB- did I mention chording ? -RRB- will open a link in a new window . Then , when you 're in Word , you can assign formatting commands or spell-check , or you can assign various editing or replay options in iMovie , or swap weapons in Halo , or , well , just about anything . This is one nicely customizable piece of kit.After working with it for a week , I 've got one or two little complaints about it . It seems there 's one little bug in the Mouseworks software when you 're assigning custom key commands to the buttons that pops up when you 're assigning a custom keystroke to one of the buttons . If you firs click and change the name of the key assignment , and then enter the desired key command , the ` OK ' option never highlights . If you do the reverse - enter key command and then give it a name , no problem . I contacted Kensington technical support to tell them about the bug and they suggested I unplug and re-plug the trackball in . Dunno what exactly that says about their technical support -LRB- their suggestion did n't fix the small software problem -RRB- , but their equipment is covered by a 5-year warranty , of which I 've read of many -LRB- many -RRB- happy customers who have their equipment fixed or replaced by Kensington . Well done!My other -LRB- little -RRB- complaint is that the scroll wheel around the base of the ball is well-located , but is only 95 % accurate in picking up rotation action going on , which is a little odd . On a purely tactile level , the scroll wheel could be smoother , though I 'm sure a set of proper roller bearings or similar -LRB- not sure what they 're using currently -RRB- would only increase the unit 's cost from the current $ 100 price tag.The Kensington Expert Mouse is the progeny of the many trackballs that came before it . It 's not the prettiest trackball out there , but it 's by no means ugly . It works extremely well on many levels - functionally , ergonomically and customizationally -LRB- okay , I made that word up -RRB- . The Expert Mouse 7.0 might not be the perfect trackball , but it 's mighty close .
 This trackball is great . I just plugged it into my PC and started web surfing . No additional setup necessary . I have arthritis and this is so much more comfortable to use than my last trackball .
 I 've used Kensington trackballs since 1993 . This model is an improvement on the previous products with the addition of the wrist pad and scroll ring . The MouseWorks software is the same as previous models , allowing the user to set preferences for the four buttons and operation speed.Though I have n't used it for very long , I expect the closed case under the ball -LRB- the optical design -RRB- will be an improvement over the former metal wheels that drew dust into the case , eventually causing failure.The wrist pad could be a little softer , but I suppose they were going for durability . The scroll ring is a handy addition . Through trial and error , I found it works best when the speed is set to `` slow '' in the preferences . Otherwise it moves so fast you ca n't see what 's happening.At first the movement of both the ball and the scroll ring were stiff , but this worked itself out in a few days and now it 's very responsive .
 Used a large variety of Trackball devices throughout the years.Kensington is the only mouse that still works perfectly after 3 yrs of rugged use .
 I just picked up this product and am still getting used to it . So far it works great , I wanted to point out the latest driver appears to fix the issue with the scroll wheel and Firefox -LRB- at least in Windows XP -RRB- , I can scroll up and down with no problems .
 This is the only trackball to get , never fails to work , has a very long life , comes with a wrist pad , this makes working for hours , very comfortable on the hand and wrist .
 This really is the best trackball on the market . Both of my wrists are damaged from too much mousing . This trackball lets me stay on the computer longer than any other device . I 've even bought them for friends with problems and they love it too . Save your wrists ! Put down the mouse and pick up the ball ! -LRB- OK , that was lame . -RRB-
 I love this mouse ! It is very easy to use and I have no more pain in my hand like I did from using a regular mouse .
 After years of mousing a co-worker placed an older version of this mouse on my desk . Did n't like it at first , but when I got accustomed to it I really began to like it . Then when I found this great deal on this unit here , I had to have one . I love it . My hand feels so much better ! And this is a great deal $ $ wise !
 I have been using this device for about 2 weeks now . -LSB- ... -RSB- The track ball is great for people with big hands such as myself . I actually place it in my lap when using it for extended surfing . My wrist was beginning to ache from using a regular mouse for so long . This new position really helps . The scroll wheel is `` cheap '' but you get used to it . You can adjust the speed of the pointer as I found it too fast from the factory.I still use a traditional mouse along with the trackball but I must reiterate how using it in your lap makes a more enjoyable surfing experience .
 One at work and one for each PC at home . When I got my new PC , I tried to give my wife a traditional optical mouse and she gave me grief until I bought her a new one.At first , each scroll wheel felt . . scruffy , like it was scraping something on the inside . With each , that wore most of the way off , but there is still a little scraping . Even so , I love it . I alternate between my ring finger and thumb when scrolling up and down long pages.As for buttons , the left and right bottom buttons are perfect , as the hand naturally cups inward , the pressure you put on them is somewhat down and inwards . Works great . But for the top buttons , the same applies for the previous Kensington I had with the convenience buttons across the top - they are n't convenient if I have to raise my elbow off my desk to reach them . If the buttons were to either side of the main buttons , that would work better for me since I tend to crawl with my three middle fingers . As it is , I do n't really miss the buttons , but they might come in handy in games . I even use this in first person shooter -LRB- FPS -RRB- games like Crysis and Left4Dead . The big plus there is I never have to worry about my mouse pad messing up my game.Even so , the convenience of not having to raise my elbows off my desk or arch my wrists is all worth while . The ball rolls smoothly and only needs cleaning once every other month or so when a carpet of lint covers each glider preventing the ball from free spinning as fast as it should .
 Bought this product 6 weeks ago after my 2nd or 3rd mouse died on me . This trackball mouse works great . I have large hands so its perfect for me -- I would wonder though if someone with smaller hands might have a little trouble with it since it sits up kind of high . It comes with a wrist-support pad , which helps a lot . Personally , I love the product .
 1 . I was starting to have pain in my fingers and wrist . This fixes everything because it requires no hand movement and different finger posture .2 . Works 100 % in Vista with MouseWorks and Chords . Google it . http://www.winxpcentral.com/forums/showthread.php?t=205303 . I sample 1000s of mp3s each month with MediaMonkey . The scroll wheel now permits me to scroll through the music in a flick of a finger ... no more dragging the marker .4 . For gaming I still need to use my gaming mouse.Best purchase of the year so far ...
 I recently bought this -LRB- 3/2009 -RRB- as a replacement for my previous Kensington trackball . Like its predecessor , it has that compact design that wo n't take up much space -LRB- no more than 6 inches -RRB- . The obvious difference is the color -LRB- black with silver -RRB- that keeps with the prevalent color scheme favored nowadays . A sleeker design makes it easy on the wrist . Kensington also incorporated an attachable wrist pad that helps as well . -LRB- I 'm still on the fence on this since I have a gel-filled wrist pad that I used on the previous trackball , but I leave that choice to the user . -RRB- The Expert Mouse retains the four button design which can be programmed using the drivers and software provided or obtained from Kensington 's website . Incorporation of the scroll wheel makes web browsing easy by rotating the wheel right or left to scroll through . Having the choice of PS/2 or USB -LRB- PC or Mac -RRB- connectivity is great and simple as an USB - > PS/2 adapter is included . The optical-only tracking instead of the electro-mechanical method used previously eliminates the need to clean the tracking wheels that would gum up over time . -LRB- Just make sure to keep the ball clean . -RRB- Overall , the Kensington Expert Mouse is a space-saving trackball that 's easy to use .
 A superbly designed trackball . Especially the ring -LRB- acts as a wheel -RRB- . Works great , no software needed , just plug it into an available USB port and start mousing .
 This is the best trackball I 've ever used -LRB- and I 've had a few -RRB- . The large ball gives you excellent fine control , and the feel is top-notch . Optical technology means that it does n't get crudded up like the old mechanical ones did , and four programmable buttons is all you 'll really need.Unfortunately , there 's one really big gotcha here . Kensington has , in a moment of unbelievable stupidity -LRB- or based on some terribly inscrutable plan -RRB- , decided not to make their MouseWorks software work on Vista . Maybe it 's just me , but giving up on 90-some percent of the market does n't seem like a good plan , since if the software does n't work on Vista , it wo n't work on Windows 7 either . Without Mouseworks , what you get is basically a two-button mouse with a scroll wheel but no wheel button - badly crippled compared with the power available on XP or Mac OS X.There are some nasty workarounds you can use with Microsoft drivers and third-party remapping tools , but as much as I love this device , I have to recommend that you not buy one if there 's any chance that you 'll need to use it on Windows , at least until Kensington comes to their senses .
 Love this mouse ! I got it because of a referral by the author of a how to use Pro Tools recording software book . Now that I have one , I wonder why anyone would want to continuously move their mouse hand/wrist back and forth when you simply move this oversize ball or the scroll ring to get anywhere you want to go . Only caveat
 For years , I have used the Kensington Expert Mouse . I have two old serial/PS2 Expert Mouse 4 products which I am finally discarding because they often do n't work on my work systems because of PS2 compatibility -LRB- common problem with the old models -RRB- . The circuit board in each is stamped 1995 Kensington and they still function . I also have a USB Expert Mouse 4 for work which still works great . At one time , as my first IT Job , I worked for Kensington when they were in San Mateo , California , doing telephone technical support . The support at the time made me a believer in their core business values and products . They have great products , but even moreso they want to take care of their customers . And most products are built to last . Later in life , the Expert Mouse product because so much more necessary as I have bursitis in my right elbow from years of normal mouse movement . With a normal mouse , it quickly becomes a serious problem . With the Expert Mouse , it is not . So ... This week I decided to buy this new Expert Mouse for my home PC - An iMac running Snow Leopard and VMWare Fusion with Windows 7 . I am happy with the product ; that same familiar feel and movement is there - same accuracy , same large ball . And the included wrist rest is much appreciated . It used to be that you had to find your own or call so it could be mailed for free . Without the wrist wrest , you quickly get a sore palm , regardless of how the instructions say you should use it . I love this product . I only have one gripe . The build quality has diminished a bit . The product is lighter and the stainless steel rollers are now gone . The original trackballs were optical also ; contrary to what some other reviewers have posted . The stainless steel rollers reflected an infrared beam back onto sensors on the X and Y access . The bearings were heavy and well constructed . This new product appears to use small teflon bearings which turn the mechanism inside using visible light ; their not as heavy although I 'm hopeful they do stay cleaner longer . It 's obviously much less expensive to manufacture . But , I still highly recommend the product and I appreciate Kensington continuing to sell it . I hope they always do . Also , for those people complaining of rough movement when first pulling the device out of the box , it does require a break-in period . It always has . Once it has broken in , it 's incredibly smooth and precise . It takes some getting used to but I highly recommed getting one .
 I developed Ulnar Tunnel syndrome about 10 years ago and have been using a Kensington trackball and a Kinesis -LRB- spherical -RRB- keyboard ever since . If you 're having wrist painsor numbness in your fingers , highly recommended . Fine motions with a mouse require a lot of stress in the hand . This is much easier , and your wrist does n't need to move.I had the old mechanical trackball for years -LRB- and still have one or two in use -RRB- , but this optical trackball is much nicer . The movement on the two that I have bought is extremely smooth , and the scroll wheel is really nice . Does n't have to be cleaned nearly as often , either -LRB- when you get enough dust to obscure the optical path -- time to clean it ;--RRB- -RRB- . The old mechanical trackballs needed to be cleaned once a week or so.After installation -LRB- in Windows -RRB- , do n't forget to go into Control Panel/Mouse and setall your preferences . You may need to play with it some to get acceleration and fine control just the way you want it . You can set how many lines/pages each click of thescroll wheel advances.Be careful attaching the wrist rest if you use it . Attach and remove gently so that the plastic pins/holes do n't break . I only gave it a four for quality of construction because I damaged the wrist rest on the first one . The wrist rest is useful to rest your wrist while you 're thinking about something but not actually using the trackball -LRB- long pauses betwen click or rolls -RRB- . Really a sweet deal of a mouse for anybody , and if you have any wrist/hand pain , this is a tremendous relief of stress on the wrist and hand -LRB- at least it was for me -RRB- . Also , if you 're having pain , do n't forget to check out the Kinesis Advantage keyboard . The little finger and index finger on both of my hands were tingling/going numb with pain in the wrist . Two years after I switched to the Kinesis Advantage spherical keyboard -- perfectly OK ! No pain , no tingling , no numbness . The Pro edition was not useful to me -- no need for a foot pedal or that other junk -- just the basic Advantage keyboard costs enough .
 I use a trackball out of necessity to prevent a recurring repetitive-stress injury from recurring . I 've probably tried 7 or 8 different types , and this one is by far the best : - It 's big , which in a trackball is good . The bigger the ball , the less fine motion you need to control it . The miniature trackballs make my hands hurt more than than a mouse does , and the trackballs that you manipulate with your thumb instead of your whole hand cause injuries -LRB- my thumb hurts to the point that I ca n't use it after a couple days -RRB- . - All four buttons are programable to do useful things . I have the upper right one programmed to toggle track-ball-as-scroll-wheel mode and the left one to flip between horizontal and vertical scrolling . - The movement of the ball is silky smooth . - The scroll ring works well , though it does rattle around a bit when you use it . The cheesy feel does n't affect the functionality , however . - The wrist pad is wonderful.There are two negatives , which I can easily live with : - Two-dimensional scrolling is n't supported . You need to hit a button to go from horizontal to vertical scrolling , and ca n't move diagonally , for example , to scroll simultaneously in both dimensions . - There 's a bug in Apple OS X 10.6.4 that prevents the machine from -LRB- sometimes -RRB- recognizing the device . I have a ridiculous workaround ----- close the cover , open the cover , plug in the trackball -- that solves the problem , but it 's an annoyance . This problem is Apple 's , however , not Kensington 's . I 've observed the problem with several external keyboards and mice , and also on several machines . OS versions up to and including 10.6.2 do n't have this problem . Of course , Apple 's own hardware works fine :--RRB- .
 I bought this trackball a year ago for my home computer , and I have not looked back since . I absolutely love the way it works and how it feels . I 'm planning on purchasing another for work very shortly . Every once in a while I take the ball out and clean the bearings inside the mouse with a quick swab of the hand . I have n't had any issues - the ball moves smoothly and the wheel does not grind loudly as others have said.The 4 buttons can be used for a number of different functions - and work flawlessly on my mac.If you are in the market for a trackball , this is the one you should choose .
 Apparently nobody is even moderately tech savvy who 's complaining about the software not working ... I understand if someone is buying this for work , and they are unable to install the software due to restrictions , but if it 's for your personal PC using windows 7 - it works perfectly fine.You can test it before you even buy the mouse , very simply . Download the latest version of mouseworks software from kensington . Run the downloaded file in windows xp compatability mode . Voila , it works.I enjoy the mouse , I 'm definitely not used to it yet , but it 's broken in and I 'm enjoying it . I 've unattached the wrist wrest and I have it about 2 inches from the base of the mouse to be more comfortable . Probably going to by a gel wrist wrest . Other than that , no complains . The scroll wheel functions perfectly , the ball rolls smoothly -LRB- after a brief break in -RRB- . As said , the scroll wheel is `` grainy '' but I use it with such a light touch -LRB- and that 's all that 's needed ! -RRB- that it does n't matter . It 's just a little bit loud.Great mouse , I do n't have vista so I have no clue if compatability mode works with that , but seriously , if you 're having problems with windows 7 - do n't blame the device ! PEMCAC !
