 We purchased a BenQ PB 6100 projector . If the overall quality of the projector is fine , such is not the case of the lamp which blew up in less than 6 weeks !!! and worse BenQ does NOT honor their international guarantee and the support center does not respond to the emails for exchanging the lamp -LRB- priced 400 $ ! -RRB- . Overall a very poor support . My last Boxlight lamp is still running after 4 years . This was my first BenQ but surely the last . A strong suggestion , Do n't buy BenQ .
 I have a Linksys wireless 4-port cable/DSL router which works well with a Cisco Aironet PC card . Unfortunately , the Orinoco card I bought would never talk properly with the Linksys . Neither the Orinoco -LRB- Agere/Proxima -RRB- tech support people nor the Linksys tech support people could get them to work together . This card may work well with other access points , but not with this Linksys unit .
 Any pictures that I have printed with the color cartridge have come out too dard .
 The cartridges were leaking when I took them out of the package . do n't waste your money . no more words today .
 Do n't waste your time and money . Black cartridige worked for less than a day . Color cartridge would not fit in printer slot . They sent another color cartridge . Same thing , would not fit . Looked in phone book under Ink Cartridge Toners and purchased a black cartridge for $ 18 . More expensive than these , but it works as it should .
 This ink was purchased for my mother , she installed it correctly and everything she prints out has blue lines across her papers .
 Cartridges would not function ! I have spoken with knowledgeable persons about this and discovered that non-Lexmark cartridges usually will not function in Lexmark printers . Thus , I purchased bonafide Lexmark cartridges and they worked properly .
 The cartridges did not work in my printer . The company was gracious enough to refund the money I had paid . This experience would not preclude me from ordering other items from this company as they were very customer oriented .
 The black ran out after just a few dozen pages and the color jammed and had to be removed from the printer just to make it work . Do n't buy this under any circumstance .
 I ordered this bag based on the title `` Large Camera Case '' . It is actually a mini case . The description and the picture of this item are deceiving . It can only fit small , compact mini digital cameras . I regret order this item .
 It is too bad they do not give the dimensions of this camera bag in the product description . This thing was tiny ! It barely fit my Canon Powershot A620 camera and had no room for accessories except for maybe a micro SD card .
 Disclaimer
 Amazon listed drive as a LiteOn 160P6S and they shipped a LiteOn 18A1 drive-I requested the correct drive several times - but they just said that they shipped a newer unit-I explained that I wanted the specific 160P6S - that I was never consulted as to whether or not I would accept a replacement = no response .
 I ordered a NAS drive from CompUSA . They sent the wrong item , which was a regular hard drive -LRB- $ 100.00 cheaper -RRB- , not the NAS drive I ordered . They refused to replace the erroneous item instead offering a refund and raised the price of the NAS drive by $ 70.00 rather than honor the original price . BATE AND SWITCH . Their customer service was awful I was on hold for 90 minutes trying to get a refund and still got the run-around . DO NOT BUY FROM THEM . I was surprised to find that AMAZON was equally no help telling me that my problem is with CompUSA not AMAZON who I placed the order with , and CompUSA telling me that AMAZON needs to honor the original price .
 My company got several of these drives , and the biggest problem we have had with this is data being corrupted . You think files are on the drive and safe only to find out they are corrupt . I would avoid and go with Western Digital or Seagate USB solution .
 Mac users should be aware of the fact that this drive will not support mounting via NFS . You will need to use SMF/CIFS which has a multitude of issues around file names . SimpleShare firmware has not been updated in years .
 SimpleTech 160GB SIMPLESHARE External Hard Drive -LRB- STI-NAS/160 -RRB- This drive stopped mounting with no warning what-so-ever about a year after purchase . If you value your data I would strongly recommend NOT purchasing a SimpleTech hard drive .
 After the 6 month of possession , this TV went down miserably . Oneday , while I was watching the tv , I heard the ` pop ' noise from the speaker and the picture went out . After a second or two , when the picture finally came back on , I noticed the semi-transparent vertical streaks across the screen . The artifact was like watching the tv through a screen door . The picture still goes out time to time but the vertical streaks remain the same.Toshiba tried to have someone come out to repair the tv for 3 month without success -LRB- could n't find a repair shop near by Topeka , KS -RRB- . After I filed the complaint to AG 's office and BBB , Toshiba finally decide to give me a refund but it will take another 4 more weeks.When this tv works , it works great but now I have serious doubt about this product and Toshiba 's customer service -LRB- one of the worst I 've ever had -RRB- . I just hope that nobody has to go through what I have been going through for the past 3 months .
 Toshiba Projection TVs are the worst in the market . And when calling their customer service , forget it . They are just too ignorant and clueless as to how to resolve any problem .
 When my original Nvidea video card -LRB- the one that came in the computer -RRB- went bad , I replaced it with a ATI video card . After 2-3years when I again started having some video problems , I purchased the same Nvidea card that came in the computer and replaced the ATI card . The video problems I was experiencing evidently was not caused by the video card . The text on the screen -LRB- e.g. , labeling of short cuts on the desktop -RRB- with the Nvidea card was so much inferior to that seen with the ATI card that I put the ATI card back in . I recommend spending several dollars more to get a better video card than this Nvidea card .
 Absolutely terrible . I could defecate on this thing and it would probably work better . I spent five hours trying to get it to work with many headaches and curses . I was thinking the whole time it was a problem with my PC . Finally , after trying everything humanly possible -LRB- including updating my BIOS -RRB- and calling my motherboard tech support , I realized it had to have been a hardware issue . I tried everything -LRB- including switching it to different PCI slots -RRB- and everyone I asked was just as stumped as I was . Online knowledge base had nothing specific enough to even remotely help me and this company provides NO PHONE TECH SUPPORT , which is an automatic sign to me that the company is crud . I 'm returning this piece of junk and getting an IOGEAR instead .
 Sometimes you have to click the button several times to get a song to advance . The unit that plugs in the iPod will not work when I have my cover on the iPod . I have to take it out of it 's protective case so the remote unit will plug in .
 Shortly after I purchased this product I found out that it can be downloaded free from Microsoft . My loss should be your gain . please do n't make my mistake . the downloaded product is identical with the exception that no license is required to use it .
 I am supposed to use this product to update the web pages monthly for a non-profit organization . After exploring the menus and the manual , I still do n't know how and where to start . I usually can figure out in a short time how to use new software however complicated , such as QuarkExpress , InDesign , PageMaker , FrameMaker , Illustrator , Dream Weaver , Front Page , etc. , by exploring the menus and the samples with the help of its manual .
 BlueMall claimed these connectors are for solid cable , but they do n't crimp properly . The pins bend to the sides of the cable and do n't make a good connection . Not worth my time or money to try and return a $ 5 item . Probably wo n't buy from this seller again for what is either false advertising or poor quality product . They 'd probably work fine for stranded though ...
 These 8P8C ends claim they are for solid cable , but the packaging says ` stranded/solid ' . If you look at the connectors they are the cheaper stranded type 2-prong instead of the 3 splayed prong normally used for solid conductors . It might work , but it 's definitely not optimal and definitely not as described .
 They are what they are - a bag of 100 RJ45 connectors that someone probably bought a volume purchase on and split them up into lots.These connectors work but they are not quite IEEE standard - plugging them into IEEE standard hardware -LRB- ie my CISCO router -RRB- does n't produce that reassuring ` click ' and they wiggle around in the slot slightly loose . I know it 's not my equipment at fault because it 's CISCO equipment and all of my branded cables click in fine.It still works , and I 'm even using these at 1Gps so they are fine . But I 'm guessing the are cheap `` copies of copies '' - someone has casted a remold from an existing RJ45 rather than using a reference spec connector.For home use it 's fine but I would n't use these in a critical set up .
 I 'm glad I bought the stress-relieving boots as I use them to force the tab up , otherwise most of these just fall back out .
 I went thru 11 of the before find ONE that was good.I threw the entire bag out.It is too much time to connect one only to find it is bad.With shipping this cost $ 4.35 Complete waste of time and money.Cost me more to return it than it is worth ... DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 While this product works OK on stranded wire , the contacts inside the connector are not designed for solid core wire . They are designed exclusively for stranded wire .
 I received this keyboard as a gift . This is the ideal model for a small space , the keys themselves have an excellent feel and it has good construction quality.Unfortunately , there are two glaring problems with this keyboard that make it virtually unusable . Foremost is the fact that it has a legacy AT-style adapter on the cable . This should be emphasized more in the product description , most people will expect either a PS/2 or a USB connection.The most glaring deficiency , however , is the placement of the arrow keys in such a non-standard orientation . The arrow key up should be where the shift key is located , it is impossible for me to use this keyboard without constant typographical errors .
 I do n't understand why this keyboard is n't equiped with a modern day connector or at least emphatically warn customers of the need for one when they order . The keyboard works fine once you can hook it up but my buying experience was less than stellar getting a product that would n't work out of the box .
 I never used it the camera I bought it for was sent back before I used it . This again is an inexpensive item that cost more due to shipping costs .
 I bought this reader a few weeks ago at Fry 's for $ 14.99 . My boyfriend and I were taking a two-week trip and wanted to be able to periodically download photos from our cameras and burn them to discs.Easy enough , you say ? Wrong ! This p.os . was a complete waste of money . We literally had to hold it in place while it was plugged in just to keep the connection from failing . And since returning from said trip , the reader has completely died and wo n't work at all.And the worst part is that because I bought at Fry 's -LRB- which , in case you 've been living under a rock and had n't heard , is synonomous with `` really bad customer service '' -RRB- returning it is almost more trouble than it 's worth . Either way , whether I take it back or not , the next reader I buy wo n't be a SIIG .
 I would 've given no stars but apparently that is n't an option . I bought this amp a few months ago , and it performed adequate , so I figured I would keep it instead of pony up more dough to get another one . And then randomly it stopped working . After two months of usage I could no longer turn my stereo on loud enough to hear it . It would continually shut off . So I asked to return it , and they complied , and now that I have shipped it back to them , I am only getting a partial refund . This is a joke . I would never buy any electrical equipment from this seller ever !
 DO NOT , under any circumstances buy this RAM.PC133 SDRAM . How basic can you get ? According to the specifications , it should have had no trouble working in our computer . Well this stuff is junk . Had to put the old RAM back in to get the machine to boot up , and now off to find something reliable .
 yes , i got this product in time , fast delivery & i think the sellers are reliable in that matter . however , i bougth the wrong item . My computer does n't accept 512mb sdram module , it accept two of 256 mb sdram to reach the maximum of 512mb memory Ram . so the problem is this product is not eligible for return , i think , because i ask them for return authorization and they did n't give me one . I guess i just have to save this for future use .
 Ok the product states that this memory is compatiable with mac , not ! I tried to install on my G4 quicksilver and it simply did not work . I emailed the store and was accused of frying the memory . No way because the memory stick worked in my other pc . The store refused to take the memory back . In addition the memory was sent wrapped in my paper invoice . What 's up with that . No static packaging . I will never buy for this store again .
 I ask for memory for , my lapto aple , but you send me the wrog one , the one you sen it was complet diferen from the one , i ask for
 Bought 2 to bring my old ppc eMac up to 1 gig.It acted up with the occasonal freeze , but I assumed it was our old setup not liking our new IPhones . I was wrong . -LSB- ... -RSB- shows massive failures across the board , particularly when simulating `` random '' crashes.Too bad it 's too late for a return .
 It will meet the needs of some but I tried it for a strenuous field activity that requires plug in and unplug allot . It did not work for me . A full time connection it wold prolly do ok .
 I ran into some serious problems installing the product and setting up the raid array . I have been trying to return the product but am STILL waiting for the return lable.At this point I am very unhappy not only with the product but with dealing with Amazon itself .
 I ca n't under-rate the product because the description is off , but I got the red/gray/black colors just as the another reviewer did , and I can clearly see that the description says `` green , blue and orange '' . AND I bought these from amazon directly , not throgh another retailer.Also , there are no earbud sponges included.Now , reviewing the product : Upon opening the mail package , I noticed how small these are ! It 's not something bad , but I had the impression that they were larger . They are about 2 3/4 inches long and 1 1/8 inch wide . However , the center section is narrower at 3/4 of an inch.I immediatley tried these on my iPod 's earbuds and did not like them for the following reasons :1 . The center section is too narrow and when you want to roll all the cord of the earphones -LRB- when you 're not using them -RRB- , you have to roll the cord so many times that the roll ends up being like 1 inch thick . It wo n't feel good inside your pocket , together with your iPod .2 . Because of the narrow center and the many times I had to roll the cord , the cables inside the cord immediatly started twisting or `` braiding '' . It 's like the cables inside the gray cover of the earbuds got twisted inside and started braiding on each other ... the cord does n't look as a soft line , but has some bumps and unevennes because of this . I 'm not an expert on audio and I 'm using apple 's earbuds , but besides the aesthetic downgrade , this could affect the sound delivery of the earphones . For instance , the newer version of Etymotic 's top of the line ER-4P earphones -LRB- originally sold around $ 300 -RRB- are braided because it improves something ... -LRB- yeah , who would have thought ? -RRB- . If I had those , I do n't think I would roll them in the TuneTie .3 . The last gripe is that holes in the TuneTie do n't hold my earbuds tightly . This may be because at some point in time , Apple starting making smaller earbuds -LRB- I ca n't recall when they switched to the smaller ones -RRB- . But my earbuds wo n't stay secured in the holes.The end result is that this is a product that claims to be designed for iPod , but does not fully deliver fot the iPod earbuds.In other words , you might be better off rolling the cord around the iPod than purchasing a pack of three of these .
 Major disappointment
 When I first got this scanner it was great , I loved the size and the color handeling was pretty much spot on . However , only 6 months in , it has developed a light area where it scanns color images lighter down the side than over the rest of the scan bed . This has come to be unacceptable in some highly critical scans . As much as I would like to love this scanner , I would not buy one again or recommend one - unfortuante .
 Quirky software and poor documentation make this scanner more trouble than it 's worth . Once installed , you ca n't get some of the bundled software off . The scanner takes forever to warm up and start scanning ... even if you just scanned something seconds before . Stay away from this one .
 This card did not work at all on a dual 800 G4 -LRB- not MDD -RRB- running 10.4.4 . Within 3 minutes of booting the system it would freeze and require a restart . I had to return the card and continue using a smaller system disk attached to the slow ATA66 bus that comes in the machine . I 've decided to use a firewire drive to house the large data volume that I need .
 This product does not work as advertised . Do not buy one for a Rev. 1 Blue & White G3 with ANY processor upgrade . Immediately you will get kernel panics when trying to transfer data between drives . Custome Support is AWFUL and will only say to return the product . They do no know what their cards are suppose to do . Call Center is in India .
 Recevied product and installed as per instrucitons.Supplied CD is missing requried software and item does not work without itSIIG web site is opaque and they do not answer their emailNo responseNo supportNo softwareAm trying to get Amazon to take it back .
 It is of very flimsy and cheap construction . The design is not well thought out , for example the cover falls off easily , leaving open circuits exposed . There is no slit , so that it is necessary to remove this cover in order to insert the card . It did not work for me at all . I tried several different computers.Regards , proclus -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this item , and -LRB- paid too much for it elsewhere -RRB- but when it caused problems to my computer , I found out that no one supports it except the manufacturer . -LRB- siig -RRB- Sigg Support -LRB- only reachable online , where you have to log a problem with their internal system -RRB- still took too much time to get back to me , all the while this firewire card is causing error messages , and not allowing my computer to power down ... Finally , they got back to me -LRB- over a week later -RRB- telling me to pull out my modem card -LRB- that came with the computer -RRB- to avoid error messages.I 'm returning it and getting an adapteac .
 I purchased the STI-NAS/250 on the recommendation of Consumer Reports , which marked it as an excellent network drive . But I 'm wishing I 'd never purchased it.I have not yet received the item -LRB- two weeks -RRB- , and no estimated ship-date has been given to me . In fact , the company really does n't communicate at all
 Mac users should be aware of the fact that this drive will not support mounting via NFS . You will need to use SMF/CIFS which has a multitude of issues around file names . SimpleShare firmware has not been updated in years .
 Update-the problems I was having were due to a defective unit . Simpletech replaced the item under warranty and replacement is working great . I can not update the stars , but would give this item 4 stars and simple tech 4 stars for the replacement without a receipt.I can only get this to work sporadically . It will work one day and the next day its not found and then its back again . Its not a firewall issue -LRB- I turned them office -RRB- , so its its a problem with the device .
 Could not connect to the drive in Windows XP SP2 ; received `` error 53 . '' Simpletech mentions this in its FAQ on its website , but the fix they recommend does not work.I had to dismantle the drive and use the hard drive in another external enclosure , converting it to an external USB 2.0 drive.Don ' t bother with this ; buy a better brand .
 I ordered the product on 02/24/06 with express shipment . I received the product on 02/28 . After trying to setup the drive , the blue light which indicates that the drive is working properly would intermittently turn on and off . I called tech support and they verified that my hard drive was DOA -LRB- Dead on Arrival -RRB- . They said , however , that they could n't ship out a new product until they received the old one in the office . I returned the product and they received it on Monday , March 6 . On Wednesday , I did n't receive the package and I called to inquire . Turns out they had n't shipped the product nor given me any notification of what was the status of the product . This was of course after they promised that they would ship out a replacement product as soon as it was received . They said they would find out the status of the product and call me back . I call back on Thurday , March 9 - no one had called me from the day before and I still had no answer as to what was going on . After calling 2 times that day , I finally got the rep to indicate to me that the manufacturer was out of stock of the original item and apparently they were waiting on parts to build one themselves . What ?!? This is ordered from SimpleShare Direct - how is it different from the manufacturer . Anyways , Thursday , no call back about the status even despite talking to the supervisor . Today , Friday , I call , no one called me back from yesterday and the supervisor is unavailable . They have said that they are going to call me back today , but on this trackrecord what should I believe ? Nonetheless , I need the drive this weekend and I am pretty sure I will now get the short end of the stick two weekends in a row . I realize that this is only one situation and I really do n't know if this is commonplace at SimpleTech , but if I am having this much problem and I have n't even used the product , I am scared if something goes wrong in the middle of me actually using this for important data . I researched this purchase on a number of websites and depended on truthful reviews to make my decision and so hopefully this review can help you to make a wise decision about purchasing this product .
 We bought this drive after reading the company 's statement that it works with USB printers . Well it may be so , but be aware that it DOES NOT work with Multi-function machines and UPS Thermal printer.That was confirmed by SimpleTech support team.We had to purchase USB Printer Hub to make it work with each .
 Simple Tech -LRB- Hitachi -RRB- no longer provides support for any of the SimpleShare Office servers . The servers `` do not work well with Vista or Win7 '' as per an email I received from Simple Tech .
 I was so happy to get this , it was a Christmas gift from my husband to replace my quickly dimming old CRT . It arrived and I hooked it up quickly , it looked great ... then the screen went black , I checked all the cords and everything was fine but I could n't get the power light to come back on or the picture to show ... so I left the room frustrated to complain to my husband . When we came back in it was back on ... so I started reading my emails again and low and behold 5 mins later off it went , every now and then it would blink the power light at me , then it would go off entirely , then sometimes the light would come on -LRB- but no image -RRB- . I 'm sending it back to Amazon , I ordered a replacement so we 'll see if the next one works. : UPDATE
 The design of this armband makes the ipod flap against your arm . You will end up damaging the ipod . Although the armband fits well around your arm , the ipod is not stabilized . This is not the armband for runners .
 I was disappointed that the wholes in the top did not match up to the middle headphone jack and the top right ` hold ' toggle on my ancient 20GB ipod . I ended up clipping the top with scissors , which sort of made it functional , though it is still a pain to get in and out of hold mode . As other 's have noted , it 's a bit floppy if you are exercising hard , but fine for the slow jog / walk , and the front of the ipod was very visable/useable , which was a nice changed from the older holder I had that blocked the control wheel .
 I suppose in some literal sense this thing does its job
 I purchased this for a really cheap price , which is the only reason I give this thing any stars at all . The sticky plastic cover that it came with to cover the LCD screen and touch wheel bubbles and looks awful . The case itself is fine , however the band that goes around it is an awkward , bulky belt . If you do n't care about aesthetics , it does the job , but unfortunately makes your $ 300 ipod look like you picked it out of a garbage heap .
 This product says `` sport '' in the title , but it really is n't designed for use while being very active . I run on a treadmill at the gym and the sleeve leaves the Ipod far too floppy on my arm . It really bounces all over the place and becomes an annoyance . The quality of the sleeve 's parts are great , but the design is poor . If you ride a bike or are only lifting weights it will do the trick , but I would avoid it if you are doing anything more .
 You must be wondering how somebody could rate this obviously awesome camera two stars when all the other reviews are so glowing . Let me explain . My purchase goal was to find an idiot-proof , ultra-compact , high resolution point and shoot camera . Maybe I have high expectations , but I wanted a no-fiddling camera for what I consider `` easy shots '' and I did n't want to have to settle for 4 mega-pixels . Basically , that 's it . I did n't care about video mode or manual settings or any advanced feature . If necessary , I was prepared to give in and settle for the new Canon SD300 -LRB- 4mp -RRB- which my friend had bought . That 's why I was hoping desperately that the P150 would work out . And it almost did.The fatal flaw was motion blur on over half of what I consider easy shots . It does n't matter how many pixels you have or how vivid the colors , if you get blurry pictures more than half the time , the camera is not usable . Blur can not be corrected.So , what 's an easy shot?Example easy shot # 1
 I have had this camera 2 months and taken at least a thousand pictures . 75 % are blurry . My take is that to much pressure is needed to push the button thereby moving the whole camera . My first camera - one of the first digital cameras out - 1 mp fuji took better pictures.Avoid this camera at all costs !
 I bought this as a gift for my wife . She took it out of the box , charged it up and on the second click of the shutter it flashed a message `` turn off and turn on again '' . We did . It never recovered despite numerous resets and removing the battery , per Sony customer service rep instructions . The lens is frozen ; it can not retract and the camera stays in an inoperable error state . Sony is telling me to ship it to them . Giving it two stars rather than one because I removed the memory stick and printed the two shots we 'd taken and they looked great . Second Sony product in a row that we 've had out-of-the-box quality problems with -LRB- LCD monitor was the other -RRB- . Losing our brand loyalty very rapidily .
 Bought the P150 along with a Sandisk Memory Stick . After a few uses , it started giving me a c :13:01 error . No problem , just re-inserted the MS and the memory error went away . I thought the problem was just a glitch so I brought it along with me for my vacation . The same memory error popped up again for a few shots during my vacation . This time it took more than a few re-inserts of the MS for the error to go away . Got home and the error appeared again right before I was going to download the pics . This time , I was unable to get rid of the error . Fortunately , I had a cardreader and I was able to see the pics . I come to find out that this is a common problem for the Memory Stick . Maybe it 's the MS , maybe it 's Sony . Regardless , this affects the MS technology . Just do a search online for c :13:01 and you 'll see what I mean . If you want a reliable camera , do not get a Sony . Otherwise , you 're playing russian roulette with your memories.Other complaints , I also own a Canon S500 . Although it 's a 5 MP , the Canon is head and shoulders above the P150 . The P150 gave me more blurry shots and the night shots were not as good as the Canon . The P150 is also less intuitive and it had less options than the Canon .
 I just finished doing a comparison of three point and shoot cameras that I own . Sony P100 , Sony P150 and the Canon G5 . For overal quality I put my vote with the Canon G5 . The Sony P100 is an excellent camera and of course the P150 is the next step up . But what I notice with both of my Sony cameras is that they do tend to blur far more frequently than the Canon . I get better video results with the Canon as well . For very smalll cameras the two Sonys are terrific . The Sony serves me well enough for a vest pocket camera on my daily hike . My in the glovebox camera is the Canon G5 . And for my professional photography I use 2 of the Canon 10D . In my side-by-side testing I found that I got more blurred shots with P150 than I did with the P100 . I do n't know why . I had both the Sonys and the Canon G5 set on P , no flash , 400 , indoor lighting . So for a vest pocket camera I would save a few bucks and get a used P100 . The 150 just is n't worth the extra $ $ $ If you are n't going to carry a camera in your pocket I would get the Canon G5 . If you want even better pictures then get a Canon Rebel digital . If you want the top of the line get a Canon 10D or the new 20D . Whichever one you get , ENJOY yourself !
 I fully agree with the reviewer who gave this camera only 2 stars . I have just tested one , which I bought for my wife as a Christmas present , and everything he wrote about the P150 is true . I spent the whole afternoon , took 152 snapshots , and found not a single mode that would give my wife an easy way to use this camera . Even in full manual mode about 40 % of the easy shots I took turned out to be blurred or underexposed or both.I have been a VERY satisfied owned of Sony 's DSC-S85 , which is a great , great camera . -LRB- great lens , very good flash , decent firmware -RRB- The P150 is such a disappointment that it is hard to believe it is made by Sony . It has seriously shaken my trust in this brand and I am now wondering whether I should do the previously unthinkable
 I purchased this camera for my wife because she wanted a light-weight digital camera that would fit in her pocket or purse . After eight months , we have taken about two thousand pictures with the camera.The good points about the camera are its small size and its speed . You can turn it on and start taking pictures almost instantaneously , which is a real advantage for catching unexpected moments.There is only one bad point , but it is a real kicker . About half of the pictures I take come out blurry . I always take multiple shots as a safeguard , but it is a bit of a pain to filter out all the blurry photos , and sometimes none of the pictures are sufficiently clear.You might just assume I am a bad photographer , but I have owned several other digital cameras as well as a number of film cameras , and I do n't have this problem with any of them.One reason the pictures are often blurry is that the camera , by default , will set the shutter speed to 1/40 for flash pictures . As any photographer can tell you , this is really too slow for most people . The slow shutter speed , the fact that you have to hold the camera away from your body to see the LCD , and the light weight of the camera combine to make camera shake a real problem . Even if you manage to hold the camera still , the subjects in the photo may be moving , in which case they will be blurry anyway.Most cameras , including my other digital ones , default to 1/60 for flash pictures , which works much better . While it is possible to work around this problem by setting the camera to manual mode , I find that to be rather a pain , since you have to set both the shutter and the aperture . This camera has no shutter priority -LRB- Tv -RRB- mode , so manual mode is the best option.The second reason that the pictures come out blurry is the auto-focus . The default mode - multi-AF - is poorly documented and does n't seem to work that well . In some cases , green boxes will appear - presumably the locations that were used for focus . In other cases -LRB- usually when the scene is darker -RRB- , no boxes appear , even though the camera seems to focus correctly using its built in focus assist light and it makes the double beep sound that indicates successful auto-focus . In those cases , you can only guess what the camera is focusing on . Even setting the camera on center focus does not solve the problem for me , and there is the added annoyance of having to focus and then re-frame each shot . I think that the auto-focus in this camera is just not as good as in other cameras.A couple of minor annoyances highlight why Sony is at the back of the pack when it comes to user interfaces . 1 -RRB- The self-timer setting resets after each photo is taken . This means that if you want to take a bunch of pictures using the self-timer , you have to remember to press the button before each shot . I 've never seen any other camera that did this . 2 -RRB- The mode wheel is right on the edge of the camera . Sometimes , when I pull the camera out of my pocket , the wheel changes settings , and I only discover that I 've gone to manual mode -LRB- or whatever -RRB- after I 've taken a shot or two .
 The camera -LRB- along with the other P-series -RRB- has a well-known tendency to get dust on the sensor . This shows up in brightly lit outdoor scenes when the shutter is stopped down . Sony warranty service proved to be a joke -- they claimed my fully functional camera had corrosion damage and was unrepairable . -LSB- ... -RSB- The slow shutter speed when a flash is used is also a problem . However , for outdoor use and general pocket camera usage , the P150 would be a jewel if it were n't for the dust problem .
 With good light this camera is very nice but for indoor flash it is completely useless , instead of needing two cameras why not find one that can do both .
 When it did work , for about a month , it was ok . Very sensitive to movement , but ok . After I took it with me on a trip I got blurry , dark images under the best of conditions . Otherwise I got nothing at all . Quite often the screen would be almost completely black . Maybe I got the one bad one or maybe they do n't survive airport security . I finally threw it away in disgust on my honeymoon .
 I ca n't even begin to express my anger and frustration with this product -LRB- as well as Seagate/Maxtor products in general . -RRB- I purchased a 1.5 TB Maxtor USB hard drive last month . After I installed the software , I ran the initial diagnostics ... and it failed ... completely broken right out of the box . I returned the product back to Seagate , and they sent me the 2 TB Maxtor Shared Storage II as a replacement product . `` Oh boy '' , I thought , `` free upgrade . '' I was so very , very wrong.This drive lasted less than 3 weeks . I 'd like to mention that this drive was placed in a clean , well ventilated and stable area and hooked to a UPS ... so there was noting environmentally that would cause this bleak failure . Sometime during the night , the Maxtor Shared Storate II stopped working . The online troubleshooting failed to cover the issue I was seeing . Upon researching the problem on the company website , I found that this is a very common problem ... I was expecting the RAID function to back up my data . Instead , I have 2 broken drives that are completely inaccessible.I strongly advise against purchasing this product . It is faulty by design , and it is a shameful product that has shaken my trust in Seagate products . Seagate should do the responsible thing and send out a recall for this abomination .
 so the drive looks nice and the web frontend is acceptabe ... But what 's up with the failure rate ? In a week 's time it will have been one year since I originally bought the MSS2 , with two 500 GB disks . Since then I have had three replacements , -LRB- and they upgraded my disk size to stop me shouting -RRB- and a few days it broke , yet again . and all they tell me is that I can send it in for a replacement , AGAIN . Piece of ... . I think I 'll just sell the drives individually on eBay , without the box , because I think the drives still work ... DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , DO N'T TAKE IT IF IT 'S FREE !
 These Maxtor SSII drives really suck . I bought the top one , with 2 TB disc space . The first one broke down after a few weeks of use . I had it replaced under warranty , but it was a lengthy process to get the replacement going . In the end I drove out of town to a collection warehouse to deliver it there , it took over an hour per direction but was less hassle than anything else.The replacement drive again broke down a few months later , after having been used for a few hours only . It 's just making clicking sounds and does n't grant access to anything . Since I used it as RAID 1 I 'm sure my data is still in there . It would be so easy to open the box , take out the drives , and hook them up to my computer internally . That way I could copy my data before sending the low quality product back to Seagate . Howver , they do n't allow me to do this . Once I open the box , the warranty is gone and they are not going to replace it . How silly is that ! They are holding my data as a hostage!I 've told Seagate support that I want my money back or a working , reliable product . I wanted to know what they can offer me at this point . No answer in three days .
 I have found better hardware in my toilet . The first unit that I bought did n't work out of the box . The second unit worked only after much fussing and hair pulling . The instructions were not helpful in connecting my PC to it . Trial and error and searching the internet for non-Maxtor help did the trick . After about two weeks the noise started , then stopped , then started , then stopped , then started ... The USB ports were amazingly slow when accessing a second drive , and the printer server function worked a total of once . After about nine months it stopped being recognized on my network altogether
 BackgroundI own -LRB- ed -RRB- 2 320GB MSS II 's and 1 500GB MSS II . The reason I owned so many was because -LRB- see other reviews of mine on Amazon -RRB- I suffered from a rapidly growing collection of photos and GB 's due to higher mega pixel digital camera hobby -LRB- I take hundereds of photos a month -RRB- and I started digitizing my videos and music collection.I wanted `` always '' there drives like these NAS 's to replace my USD disks so that I would not have to keep my main PC on and could logon from my laptop . Furthermore , I wanted to stream from my XBOX 360 and PS3 to my TV 's . At first I was VERY happy with these drives
 I went through 4 of these while under warranty - the hard drive kept crashing . It 's garbage . I 'll never buy another `` Maxtor '' back up drive .
 If you are thinking of this drive -- do n't ! Save yourself endless headaches and purchase something else , something more reliable than this unit.I am on my 3rd drive unit now . 1st one failed after 3-months of use . It was originally configured in RAID 0 for 1TB of space -- bad news , all data lost . After some hassles with Seagate support -LRB- who really does not seem to care about the Maxtor products at all -RRB- I received a replacement . The 2nd unit failed in just 3-days ! Fortunately I did n't have much time to get too much loaded on it this time around.More hassles with Seagate support as now they began to accuse me of doing something to the drive that was causing it to fail -- yeah right . I did something to the drive alright -- I made the mistake of turning it on and attempting to use it!Finally , they agreed to send me a 3rd unit . I was n't going to take any chances -LRB- or at least that is what I thought -RRB- and configured this one for RAID 1 mirroring . This drive lasted about 10-months -- long enough for me to become comfortable with it again . Then , when I least expected it -- I came home from work and there was the power light blinking continously . Tried to cycle the power , but it would n't even power down . Pulled the plug , powered up again , and same thing -- blinking green power light and a light clicking sound.I figured enough was enough on this POS -- there was no way I was going to try Seagate support again . I wanted to get the data off the drive and figured my only chance was to crack the unit open and see if the drives were accessible on a PC . To my surprise BOTH drives were fully accessible , which says to me that the mainboard is likely what failed this time.Using the Stellar Phoenix - Linux Data Recovery software , I was able to recover about 75 % of the data from my drives . The only stuff that I was not able to recover with much success was some of my back-up files created by Backup4All v3 . Everything else came off just fine.I 've since taken the two drives , installed them into my home built nVidia 680i LT system , configured them in another RAID 1 array , and they are working like a champ ! At least I do n't feel like my money was a total waste , since I was able to salvage the drives -- but the unit itself is a TOTAL AND COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY for anyone considering a new purchase of this unit.Honestly , I am quite surprised that someone has not attempted a class action lawsuit over these drives -- especially considering how much negative feedback I 'm now seeing all over the internet on these things .
 I was wondering what everyone was complaining about after several months of trouble free usage . Well , mine died too now .
 I am not sure why my first review of this item did not show up on the item 's website on Amazon . Perhaps Amazon did n't like my negative review.I think the title of my review really conveys my opinion of this NAS . If I could give a zero star rating , I would.I purchased this NAS in January . One month later , the unit indicated it was not functioning properly by a blinking amber power LED on the front of the unit . Fortunately , the unit was still functional so I was able to retrieve all my data before sending the unit back to Seagate for a replacement . Unfortunately , I did not realize at the time that if one of the two drives in the unit fails , the unit would stop functioning , EVEN WHEN SET UP AS A RAID 1 . I continued to use the replacement unit until it failed near the end of July . I did n't realize it at the time but the slow access to the drives on the unit starting a few days before it failed was a sign of trouble ahead . When I tried to access the unit in the morning , the unit was not accessible and the power LED blinked amber . A few hours later , I started to hear the clicking noise of a dead drive . It was only when I called Seagate technical support that I was told that the unit would not function even on one good drive and that I would have to send it to either Seagate 's data recovery division or another data recovery company to get my data back , if at all possible . Even if one of the drives is still functional and the data is intact , the file system on the drive is proprietary and not readable using normal hardware . In any case , the cost of data recovery -LRB- greater than 700 $ US -RRB- would be at a minimum more than the current price for a new unit.I have now replaced the Maxtor Shared Storage II 1 TB with another NAS obtained from Infrant which costs less than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- more than what I paid for the Maxtor NAS with the same storage capacity at RAID 1 but with much more robust data backup system . The Maxtor Easy Manage software that came with the Maxtor NAS was also buggy and pretty poor compared with the NAS software from my new NAS.Please learn from my costly mistake . Do not buy this NAS unless you want to throw your data and money away . The manufacturer is not being honest when claiming RAID 1 when that feature does not work .
 Would have to aggree with the majority of other reviewers . The drive failed after a couple of weeks use.Just want to add that with the recent trend in customer service I though it would be impossible to underperform my low expectations but somehow Seagate/Maxtor managed to set the new abysmal standard . Two emails requestes for tech support , not one answer . When I finally called I spoke with someone who had very little command of English and was reading back to me seemingly random sections from the support manual . Not only would I ever again buy this product , but I would be extremely apprehensive about buying Seagate products in general .
 Bought it less than a year ago . First went bad in three months after some light use . I was using it as RAID 1 but I was told by support that nothing can be recovered . So much for RAID . The replacement lasted for four months . Another replacement has just arrived and its already bad.Whatever the specs , stay away from this product .
 I purchased the Maxtor Shared Storage II 1TB version back in April 2008 . I was looking at the Western Digital World Edition but the sales staff at 3 different retail outlets assured me that Maxtor SSII was the way to go.I conducted all my research prior to purchase looking for reviews etc. . User feedback was small , but nothing too revealing . Both the Australian editions of PC World & PC Authority Magazine gave it -LRB- 1TB model -RRB- the thumbs up . PC Authority stated their review was an update over the review of the 500mb device which was the machine of choice in their April 2007 review.None of the 3 -LRB- reputable -RRB- retailers I visited had any working & connected display models of any brand set-up to demonstrate or compare . All assured me the Maxtor SSII 1TB was Vista ready to go out of the box , although nobody I asked had any personal hands-on experience with them . One pointed out that the box said it was Universal Plug n play , so it must be that simple . I pointed out that 's not quite how it works and it is very misleading to suggest that.Next , I trawled the Seagate/Maxtor web-site looking for feedback in their forums . zilch . No specific references to any problems , particularly in the installation forums . Okay , so far nothing bad . Good omen , or so I thought , and went ahead and purchased.So , here 's what happened : Day 1 was spent trying to configue and set up to run on my Vista machines via a wired ethernet LAN . Supplied software installed but nothing happened . Poured over the friendly manuals and realised that there was no reference to Vista , only to Windows or Macintosh in the manual and `` Quick '' start guide.Night 1 Off to the Seagate/Maxtor web-site . Checked for newer manuals and did a seach through their forums for any reference to Vista . That took me to their download pages for new software & firmware . Bear in mind that Vista had been on the market 15 months and they could n't even be bothered with including updated software inside their hermatically sealed box . The rest of the night was spent downloading overnight the image disk -LRB- 180 mb -RRB- of the software -LRB- Vista version -RRB- needed to run the device.Day 2 . Burned D/loaded image to CD-ROM . Installed the software and presto , it loaded into Vista . Next , spent a few hours searching with a magifying glass the MAC address , model no . & serial no on the label on the back . Yes , that 's how small it was . Then back to the friendly manual to set-up the LAN connection to my PCs . When the supplied software failed to find it , I deferred to Vista Network & Control Centre and did a search the old fashioned way and found it.Now it behaves like that old Irish joke about the 2 Irishmen -LRB- I 'm part Irish -RRB- testing the car 's turn indicators to see if they work -LRB- You know the answer
 I knew when I bought this device that I was betting that the drives would n't fail for a long time , because the drives are not user replaceable.Of course , after the warranty expired , one of the drives failed . The diagnostics indicate that a drive needs replacement -- but not which drive . To make matters worse , according to Seagate 's technical support -- and I quote -- `` The error codes are encrypted so we would not be able to say exactly what the problem is other then it needs to be replaced '' . I realized I was buying a `` closed solution '' , but I had n't realized just how closed . Encrypted error codes ? That 's insane .
 I just had one of the most infuriating tech support experiences ever - and I 've been in IT for 30 years ! My drive stopped working after a few months . When I finally got to a tech support person he flat out told me `` What you have there is an expensive paperweight . '' They have NO options for repairing it - period . I tried to leave this feedback on their website but -LRB- not surprisingly -RRB- they have no email address for complaints or comments .
 I bought this device locally -LRB- in Australia -RRB- and it is a pile of @ # ! & having used it for around 3 months it has completely failed . - The Raid 1 functionality is useless as you can not recover the data without having another Maxtor device - It disappears from the network every day - It is very slow - Maxtor -LRB- Seagate -RRB- service is rubbish , they 'll replace the brand new drive with a second hand unit , only after you send them your existing drive . You have no way of scrubbing or recovering your drive without using a very expensive third party service.My advice is to BACK UP everything and stick your drive on eBay . Get a PC for less than $ 500 and use that for storage .
 I am compelled to write this review because this particular drive was simply plugged in for two months with one 20kB file on it while we waited to update our systems . This morning , I noticed the power light was orange and the drive smelled `` hot '' . I attempted to turn it off and , after the power button had no effect , I unplugged it . Upon repowering , the drive began clicking and groaning indicating a faulty drive . Truly unbelievable ! We 've decided to replace this `` green '' solution with an actual backup server PC which draws 400W . Thanks a lot , Maxtor .
 Others have described the problems well . I 'm now sending my second device back for replacement .
 Maxtor / Seagate should be ashamed of perpetrating this appalling hoax , the Maxtor Shared Storage II , on the SOHO market.As other writers have indicated , if one side of the RAID 1 goes down , you 're done . Your options are
 What a shame - looks good on paper . The power management does not work . It is not that easy to set up . And if it fails -LRB- which it did -RRB- it does not tell you -LRB- other than looking at the panel which may be in a cupboard -RRB- and can not be repaired . So the RAID function is near useless.Mine lasted 6 weeks . I now have my money back.Avoid at all costs .
 First , the software included is non-functional . This was tried on 3 different machines running XP and XP Pro . No help from Maxtor.Then , my first unit failed after 3 days and was replaced . My unit was configured using RAID1 so I was hoping to save my data . No way
 This seems like a great way to go , but it 's awful . Truly awful . It 's good if you want to back up a few files and do n't plan to read/write to the drive very often . But if you plan to use it as a small shared data server -LRB- which is what 's it 's supposedly designed for -RRB- , do n't waste your time or money . The software is problematic . The drive crashes easily and needs constant attention . And the service was ridiculously bad . Maxtor basically told me to take a hike when I called after the latest crash .
 According to the Seagate/Maxtor website concerning this drive , `` RAID 1 automatically mirrors a copy of your data for an extra level of security . '' As other reviewers have made clear , this is simply false advertising if you ca n't replace a faulty drive and rebuild the RAID data.In spite of this , I might have kept this drive around if it were n't for it 's slow and ineffective software . After a couple of days of fiddling with it , I managed to get a shared folder set up on my Windows XP desktop machine and copied about 85GB of music files to it . I was also able to access the folder through my Windows Vista laptop , which I thought was great.Then `` something happened '' after a couple of days and I lost access to the shared folder through my desktop computer . This happened in spite of the fact that I had n't installed any new software or changed my network configuration in any way . The Maxtor setup utility could see the drive and showed that the folder was mounted , but Windows could n't access the drive and told me that the connection had n't been restored.I tried remounting the folder and reinstalling the utility , but nothing helped . I tried looking at the support information on Seagate 's website , but there 's little to no help for this drive.I suppose I could have resolved this issue by calling Seagate support , but given the other limitations of this drive , I did n't think it was worth spending any more of my time on it.The final insult with this drive came when I uninstalled the software , and it seems to have also deleted or corrupted some necessary drivers on my computer . The system became very slow to boot and last night crashed with a driver problem . Fortunately I did a full backup the day before I uninstalled the software , and I 'm restoring that now . After that , I 'll see if I can remove that software in Safe Mode.This drive is small , quiet , and attractive . Too bad it has such dreadful support from Seagate . And , in my opinion , too bad Seagate bought Maxtor , which used to make good reliable drives .
 The second day after I purchased this product the power light started flashing amber . This error code is not listed in the actual manual , but on the maxtor site it states that it means there 's a problem with the file system ... I have to throw my vote in with the others , avoid this product .
 I have this drive in RAID-1 configuration for 8.5 months when it failed . One of the two drive failed -LRB- you can hear it spin up/down -RRB- but the entire RAID-1 is not accessible since the unit wo n't complete its power up sequence and attach itself to the network . The conclusion is simple . If you think you 're safe storing important files on this drive when configured as RAID-1 , I can tell you that you might as well kiss it good bye.While the drive is still under warranty through *** Seagate *** , I decided not to send it in due to the risk of sensitive data getting out . I was able to crack it open , disconnect the bad drive , power it back up , and copy *** all *** the files out -LRB- remember that it 's RAID-1 -RRB- . It turned out that disk-0 was dead and the firmware ca n't get past that.This recovery should have been possible without voiding the waranty like this ; a simple crippled mode would do . If you 're in the market for RAID , consider making sure that a recovery procedure is user 's serviceable .
 I have to agree with many of the reviews before - would I have only checked this out before . Bought this NAS and after a week of use , the power LED started blinking orange indicating a RAID fault . No way to recover , not even a possibility to restore / erase the whole unit to factory default . What a waste of time and energy , buying it , using it , troubleshooting and finally returning it . Vendors should take it off their line of offered products .
 I have owned this unit for four months . I am still using it , including its Media Server functions . Software that comes with the unit is both buggy and feature-poor . If you are or can be using any other backup software -LRB- Norton , Acronis , etc. -RRB- you 're better off doing your backups like that and then you do n't have any use for Maxtor 's excuse for software . Unit can be managed by accesing its interface via web by IP.My 2-star rating comed from the unit loosing all communication with network at least twice each week . It gives `` The specified network name is no longer available '' error when you try to access it and the ONLy way to fic it is to physically pull the plug . The power button does not work in this case . By the way , it is not very healthy for your hard drives to be hard-unplugged this way on routine basis . They need time to spin-down properly , which is why it is so upsetting that when you have no choice but to reboot , the only way to do that is by unplugging the drive.Will one of these days the drive remain inaccessible even after I unplug/replug it ? Judging from posts here -- very likely.If I had to buy a NAS again , I would go with Netgear 's NAS .
 I bought the unit to use for the embedded media server , but it does not work with my Netgear MP101 media streamer , which works fine with Twonky Media.Having had a really difficult time getting a response from the support organisation , Teleservices , in China I finally got a call after two weeks from an engineer in Ireland who basically said tough luck that it does n't work with the MP101!As a result , it had very little use and just sat on the LAN , but when my other NAS box died this morning , I put all my data onto this box which , after a couple of hours , proceeded to give me the 1 green , 4 orange blink code , which according to Maxtor support is a '' / share file system error '' . The support rep told me the drive had failed and I should return it . What a complete waste of RAID 1 - no way to hot swap the failed drive -LRB- if it is in fact a failed drive , rather than some other problem -RRB- . The support guy did not actually know what the codes were . Maybe it 's Maxtor 's way of getting hold of lots of people 's data for nothing : -RRB- It seems this box has severe reliability problems judging by the feedback here . I can only add to this negative flavour .
 Theses cables arrived in good condition but they are not the same cables you see in the picture . For one thing they do n't have gold connectors and they do n't have the ferrite things on each end . They are nothing more than cheaply made junk cables from China . Looks like something Wal-mart would sell . These are a total rip-off . Better to look elsewhere .
 Seriously , it 's NOT plug and play compatible ! How hard is it to make a cable that works correctly ? When I swapped out my perfectly good cable that was just too short , Windows failed to recognize my monitor as a DELL monitor . Instead , it shows `` Generic Non-PnP Monitor '' and reset my monitor settings and put the DELL monitor in a `` safe '' mode resolution.But that 's not all . My monitor now fails to recognize when the computer wants to put it into sleep mode . Instead , the monitor stays on and thinks that I have unplugged the cable.Piece of junk . Do n't waste your money . I 'm going to toss it as it 's not worth the hassle of returning.Can anyone recommend a 12 ' to 15 ' VGA cable that works ?
 It works great EXCEPT that there 's significant vignetting on the Canon HF100 . I 've used it on mine as well as my friend 's with the same result .
 Beware that this board is very old
 The device works only with plug and play drivers , and has limited functionality with those . Basically this is n't worth the sand it was made from .
 My brother bough it as a gift for my wife . She runs Vista but does n't care about graphics much . The card would work but the drivers are faulty and not properly supported . I should have red the fine print this is a very old board !
 system did not accpet the card new from the box , sent it back with no issues
 This is a very old card and does not come with Windows XP or Vista drivers . Good luck finding them . ATI considers this a legacy product .
 TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED , BIG RIP OFF ! Bought new from Tiger Direct off Amazon . They sent me a used Video card that had a very scratched installation disc someone else had returned . Neither Video card or disc operated . Tiger Direct only refunded the purchase amount after quite a lengthy time , but not the shipping . I was penalized the price of shipping for their mistake , a previously USED ITEM that was returned by another buyer . BEWARE ! I GIVE AMAZON A 0 STAR RATING , and no longer a Tiger Direct fan or customer either ...
 Purchased this card - would not work ... Period.Company would not supply refund so -- threw my money down the drain.Have built 14 computers and am electrical engineer . Trust me - look elswhere .
 I purchased one of these in 2006 , worked fine for 3 years . Then I bought a new TV - a Samsung 52 '' plasma screen . Has never worked properly since . I have spoken to Marantz , they have even sent someone by my house to try to fix it -LRB- which was real nice of them -RRB- . But the final resolution was this unit is simply incompatible with my TV.Since the unit is no longer under warranty , there is nothing they are willing to do . so beware when purchasing a Marantz product , they do n't keep up with technology . I understand that technology becomes obsolete sometimes . But after 3 years ? This is way too expensive of a product to only last for 3 years .
 I usually look at the customer reviews . This time I did n't . Anyway , if you have read the other three then you know that Restock It will not send you the projector it is advertising . I did n't receive the mount , like the others . I just did n't receive anything except an email saying that my money was being refunded and listing `` Account Adjustment '' as the reason . Save yourself some time and effort and avoid dealing with restockit .
 When I originally purchased the item the description was for a Epson Moviemate projector with built-in DVD player and screen . When I received the item it was a projector mount . I contacted the seller and was told that the description on Amazon was incorrect and that the item number was a projector mount on their catalog . I then requested a refund since that 's not what I thought I was buying . In any case the seller apologized for the mistake and gave me a full refund.I was little disappointed but I 'm happy I was able to get my money back .
 I HAVE TRIED TO ORDER THE EPSON MOVIEMATE 25 TWICE THROUGH COMPANIES LISTED ON THIS PAGE . THE PAGE IS LISTED AS THE EPSON MOVIEMATE 25 BUT IN FACT BOTH TIMES WHEN ORDER IS PROCESSED AMAZON HAS YOU DOWN FOR A EPSON PROJECTOR WALL MOUNT . BOTH OF THE COMPANIES HAVE VERIFIED THIS AND SAID THEIR ORDER WAS FOR THE WALL MOUNT AND NOT THE PROJECTOR -LRB- WHICH THEY DO NOT EVEN CARRY -RRB- . I WROTE AMAZON TO VERIFY THE SECOND TIME I ORDERED TELLING OF THE FIRST SITUATION AND THEY APOLOGIZED AND SAW THERE WAS AN ERROR AND CANCELLED THE ORDER . THE PAGE HOWEVER HAS NOT BEEN TAKEN DOWN . SAVE YOURSELF ALOT OF DISSAPOINTMENT AND DO NOT TRY TO ORDER THIS ITEM FROM HERE OR TAKE A CHANCE AND WHO KNOWS MAYBE THE LAST DEALER ACTUALLY HAS THE PROJECTOR . I WOULD WRITE THE DEALER FIRST AND ASK OR YOU WILL END UP WITH JUST A WALL MOUNT .
 The online vendor misrepresented the product , so I never received this actual item .
 The build quality seems fine , however this mount is not universal . I have an Epson 8700 UB projector and this mount is not even close to being compatible . Bummer .
 It looks like it is very easy to use . Not sure why people need instructions . A little price , but flexible.Now to the bad part . The mount comes preassemble with the short adapter . If you do n't need the extended arm , then you should be fine . If you do need the extended arm , BEWARE ! . You need to attach the extended arm with 2 thick screws , not sure what the measurement is , but you need to be VERY CAREFUL . The screws go easy when you manually turn it 2 or 3 times . If it gets stuck , DO NOT USE THE HEX TOOL !! , the screw will get EASLY stuck and you will have an expensive piece of trash.The first screw got stuck half way and because they use another little screw to lock it , I thought that I can probably live with it . Next , I tried to put the second screw ; SAME PROBLEM . After the third turn , I tried using the hex tool and it did n't go far this time . Once it gets stuck , the screws and arm are useless . I 'll try to replace the whole thing . I thought the first screw was my fault , but both ??? Buy it at your own risk or ask for a pre-assembled with the extended arm . Did n't bother to try customer support . This mount is made in china , so you get the idea of the quality of the item.So , if you are going to use the extended arm , I 'd suggest to assemble it first .
 I have had this unit for about 18 months but have used it only 6-8 times - never in foul weather . It worked fine at first - with TOPO downloaded maps onto the MMC card and a Navionics card for marine use . Always locked on fairly quickly . Displayed maps beautifully . Now , after not using it for about 4 months -LRB- the batteries removed for safe storage -RRB- the unit will not lock onto satellites regardless of how long it 's left on or despite performing soft and hard resets . The built-in Lowrance software on it is actually newer than what 's on the latest Lowrance software update page - which makes no sense at all . Lowrance 's minimum repair rate is $ 149.95 plus shipping since the 1 year warrenty has expired !! I might as well buy a new GPS - a non-Lowrance unit this time ! The price and features are very attractive . But beware , I think it 's a very inferior product in the long run .
 Please see my full review under `` iFINDER H2O C PLUS '' . This product should be avoided due to serious software bugs which cause reboots when certain key sequences are used . Making the problem worse yet is the total lack of Lowrance tech support . After 3 phone calls totaling 2 1/2 hours and 2 e-mails over a period of two weeks they have not responded . You 'll especially like the fact that you ca n't leave a message for tech support until you 've waited on hold for one hour ... go figure.Very dissipointing , I 'm taking it back and exchanging it for another -LRB- non-Lowrance -RRB- unit .
 I purchased the iFinder H20C to use mostly on vacation trips.I wanted a hand held unit for out of car use , since I have a Garmin Streetpilot that I use in my car . On a recent trip I turned the H20C on and it would not lock onto the satellites . I performed both the Soft and Hard reset . Tried the external antenna . Nothing worked . No satellite lock . Called lowrance Tech Support and waited for 56-Min . before I was able to talk to a Tech support person . Told him my problem , told him that I tried both the Soft and hard reset . His response , `` you will have to send it to us for repairs . The cost is $ 162.00 plus shipping . '' I told him that Lowrance should have had a recall or at least work with the customer since so many people have complained about this problem . He acted like he could care less and again told me to ship it to them along with $ 162.00 plus shipping . No sense in trying to talk to tech support , they do n't seem to be concerned if you ever buy any of their products.My H20C is in like new condition , never abused and has been used very little . My twelve month warrenty has expired but you would expect to get years of use from it.A word of advice for owners of this GPS . `` Do n't '' get yourself in a situation that you depend on this unit to to get you to or return you to any location . It will lose satellite lock at any time and never get it again.ONE THING FOR SURE , I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROMLOWRANCE .
 If you search the internet you will find many complaints about this product . Just stops connecting with satellites and the Customer Support response is send it in with $ 180 and we will replace it . Some have sent theirs back multiple times in warranty . Unfortunately mine was just out of warranty when it died . Will never own Lowrance products again .
 My Lowrance H2O C is like new , never dropped or abused . It worked fine when I first got it . I stored it for a few months and now it will not lock on GPS at all . I have tried reloading software , soft boot , hard boot , still nothing . Support only says to send it to them with $ 150 and they will look at it . NO WAY !
 I purchased this product 2 years ago . It is used to mark waypoints on my favorite lake . I purchased the Fishing Hot Spots chip for it and proceded to mark favorite fishing places . It worked fine until this year . Now it will not lock on a satellite so all these waypoints that are on it are worthless . I have not contacted Lowrance about the problem , but after reading the other reviews there is no need . I thought about buying an antenna for it but hate to spend the extra money if it still does n't work . Until Lowrance gets there act togeather they are history for me .
 I have used this gps about 7 or 8 times over 2 years , and now I get no gps lock . Lowrance says send $ 150.00 , or wait until a new version comes out . A friend also bought one of these units after seeing mine , and now his wo n't get a gps lock . I do n't know what is causing this problem , but I do know that I will never purchase another Lowrance product .
 This product was a lot of fun for the first 2 years , but then it stopped acquiring my position . Clear sky , did n't matter . It would run out of batteries before it would acquire me . After doing some research , I found that a hard reset may help restore this so I tried it . Sure enough , it worked ... for 2 weeks . Last weekend I am out ice fishing , and it magically stopped working again and has n't acquired me since . I will never buy another Lowrance GPS unless I only want to use it for less than 2 years ... I am buying a Garmin GPSMAP 60csx next time.http : / / www.amazon.com/Garmin-GPS-60CSx-Handheld-Navigator/dp/tech-data/B000CSOXTO/ref=de_a_smtd
 It is the most affordable color handheld GPS . Unfortunately that is it 's only major plus . The world basemap has almost no streets -LSB- they should have just provided a more detailed North America -RSB- . It 's supposed to be a marine-oriented unit , but the lack of nautical waypoints and features is upsetting -LSB- it has fewer than my non-chart Garmin 72 -RSB- . Whole islands are missing here in the Florida Keys , an official channel that has been here for decades with markers is marked private with no details , wrecks are identified as `` partially submerged '' when they are 65 feet below . No tide computation feature -LSB- even the Garmin 72 has that -RSB- . Pluses are that it updates quickly , has decent battery life , and is relatively easy to use -LSB- although it should be simpler -- they took a land-based unit and slapped the `` marine '' title on it -RSB- .
 Hello I live in Costa Rica . I need the GPS . I would like these incluide de Map of Costa Rica and Latin American ??
 I got this bag because it looked nice and sounded good online . It is a nice looking bag , but when I started using it I immediately noticed that some of the edges began to fray . The stitching also seems to be coming apart . It looks nice enough from a distance , but for heavy usage you might want to bite the bullet and pay a little more .
 Now that I 've had this bag for a year , I will tell you that it has not held up . The leather is cheap and it looks terrible . I 'm throwing it away .
 I purchased this bag thinking it was everything I needed , only to find out what a pain it is ! The pull-over clasp is ALWAYS in the way when you 're trying to open it , and it will NOT stay open . You have to hold the briefcase open with your hands constantly to get things out or put things in . It always wants to stay half closed ... a REAL pain to use !!! Would NOT recommend at ANY price !!
 I purchased this bag because of the low price . I 'm an attorney and used this bag once or twice a week.One day I went to court and waited for my case to be called . For 20 minutes I tried to unlock the bag . I knew the combo , and actually tried many different combos with the hope of opening the bag . Several minutes before my court hearing , I asked the marshal for a pocket knife , and sliced open the strap to get to my client 's file . The bag was ruined.I called McKlein and they refused to help me . They said the lock was not covered by the warranty . They refused to sew on a new strap , or even supply me with one.I can live with the lower quality leather . This was n't meant to be a briefcase to hand down to my grandchildren . But I ca n't live with a faulty lock . Stay away from McKlein .
 I confirm all the other reviews that the strap does disengage from the hook unexpectedly , mMcKleinUSA Harrison 83385 V Series 17-Inch Partners Full Grain Oil Tanned Leather Laptop Brief -LRB- Black -RRB- y husband dropped his laptop twice , when try to carry the case .
 I was very happy with everything about this briefcase until after only a couple of months of use it began to wear -- not the way a high-quality leather item wears , but the way a cheap leather item does . Oh , it 's real leather on top , but that 's only skin deep . All along the vertical welts along the edges , which of course is where the action is , the thin layer of leather has rapidly worn off . Underneath is not unfinished raw leather , but some kind of black mush like you see when a cheap pair of `` leather '' shoes begins to wear away.This started to become obvious only a couple of weeks after the deadline for a full refund passed . What a disappointment for a bag that otherwise seemed like a great value.UDPATE
 I do n't usually do n't have problems with installing new hardware -LRB- I used to work in IT -RRB- , yet this system is a mess . Software installation CD did n't come with it as the instructions indicated , creating software problems . Philips customer service simply tries to get you off the phone and have you call back to talk to somebody else . They 've had me call back three times and now call another company . I 've been working on this thing for 3 hours trying to set it up , and it still wo n't recognize standard MP3 files . I ca n't comment on whether the unit is any good , since I ca n't get it to store a single MP3 .
 Amazon has removed my reviews more then once - I ordered 4 each - 146GB 15K 3 1/2 inch SAS drive -LRB- $ 500.00 each -RRB- received 36GB 10K 2 1/2 '' -LRB- $ 80.00 each -RRB- drive . Dishonest company -LRB- DO NOT ORDER FROM AMAZON -RRB- I still have not received my money back
 Contrary to other reviews I found that this card works fine with Windows Vista , but also contrary to other reviews I hate the fact that it has a fan rather than a heat sink . My once virtually silent desktop now has an extraordinarily annoying high-pitched screech . If I ca n't come up with a way to silence this thing I will have to remove it .
 I bought this to upgrade my computer but this card was too slow and needed more power to make it useful in my computer . So I returned it .
 This is one audio purchase that I 've never stopped kicking myself for ... bought it when I was just getting into audio and did n't know any better.The e150 is just horrible , does n't go low enough -LRB- claims to do 25Hz but realistically probably just touches 35-40Hz -RRB- without resonating and booming like crazy . It 's kinda sorta OK for movies if you 're in a small room and put it in a corner but for bigger rooms and music listening it 's just a cryin ' joke . I keep having to get up and adjust the gain knob , there 's an excruciatingly narrow `` sweet spot '' above which you get buzzing and booming , and below which the darn thing is pretty much inaudible ... and this elusive `` sweet spot '' changes from one type of music to another ! Maddening.What I wish I knew then that I know now
 This sub does a good job for Home Theater in a small to medium sized room but for music it just does n't go low enough . Would work better in a bedroom or a dorm . You 'll only hear the difference if you 're source is via digital coax or fiber optic cable . It does a decent job however for movies in Dolby D.Bottom line , if you want a good sub for both music and movies in a medium to large sized room . You need at least a 12 '' 250 watt or better sub . I would recommend the JBL E250P instead if you really want deep bass to fill the room .
 I was fairly new to HT when I bought the JBL E150P . Luckily , I had a reference point , a home theater in my living room that a full service HT installer put in . The reference point subwoofer is a Pinnacle AC Sub 100 . It cost me about $ 400 and I have been very satisfied with it.Anyway , I cheaped out , thinking JBL was a good name and the driver was the same size as the Pinnacle . Anyway , after comparing the JBL with the Pinnacle , I was pretty bummed out for a couple of months . I finally knew what the word `` boomy '' meant that everyone was using to describe certain cheap subwoofers . I tried to convince myself that it was a pretty good subwoofer . But I could n't . I could n't take the cheap inferior boomy bass any longer , so 2 months later , I sold it the JBL . Since I bought it right -LRB- $ 159 -RRB- , I sold it in the original packaging on Amazon a couple of months later for $ 140 . I considered it a very inexpensive lesson.After a lot of research , I then decided to buy an HSU or SVS . I ended up buying a silver HSU STF-2 on Christmas sale for $ 319 plus shipping . Extremely pleased with the sound . Not as pleased with the look of the subwoofer , but it 's passable . The sound is my main concern . The HSU is an outstanding music subwoofer , and very good movie subwoofer.Don ' t buy the JBL E150P subwoofer .
 The eTrex 20 has a built-in rail , and this is a rail mount . Should be a no-brainier , BUT it does n't fit without a separate adapter -LRB- which I have n't been able to find so far -RRB- . Why does Garmin sell a rail mount that does n't fit its own rail ? Check fitment carefully - this was a complete waste of money for me .
 Philips has no support for Windows XP ubtil Jan 2002 . Now I await a month and a half to use the features it advertises .
 This unit is one of those that should n't have ever been made . I took excellent care of it , and still could n't get 10 months out of it . This was the worst experience I have ever had with any electronics unit.I feel like breaking the hand I used to pay for this piece of garbage . . nuff said ?
 This Exxon Valdez of a DVD player blew out an audio circuit after 14 months of use . Up until it blew the circuit it played fine . I 've had good luck with many Toshiba products -LRB- my Toshiba tv is nearly 15 years old -RRB- but I wo n't deal with them anymore .
 I got this DVD player for Christmas 2001 , it worked great for the first 10 months . It being my first DVD player I had I started with only 3 dvd 's . Now after 12 months and 19 dvd 's only 6 or 7 will work in the player . All work on my dvd-rom on my computer and all are in excellent condition -LRB- no scratches -RRB- , so the problem is not with the dvd 's . When this happens on the dvd 's that will not play the system locks up or if you are lucky enough to get it to the menu screen and actually start playing the picture has a great deal of digital distortion , you know the little squares showing up all over the place . Not something I want to see while watching a movie.I have contacted toshiba several times hoping to get some kind of customer satisfaction , 50 % of my money back or best case a replacement , but no one will contact me back and I do not do call centers where on-hold h -- l runs rampant and nothing ever gets done .
 Wow , lots of people having problems with the sound . Me too . Got my SD1700 Sept. 2001 and the sound went out in the middle of Shrek around Oct. 2002 . Video still plays but no sound . Too bad , has some great features for the price but apparently ca n't last a year without failing . I think we only used it about 25 times !
 I bought this DVD player for a Christmas present last year -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . It worked fairly well -LRB- it did freeze on a couple DVDs out of 20 or so -RRB- . It worked for about 10 months , then one evening , the sound went out during one DVD . I removed the DVD , shut it off , replaced the DVD , and still no sound . I unplugged the player , plugged it back in , tried to turn it on , and NO POWER . It was completely DEAD and has not turned on since . Parts warranty was 12 months , which would have covered me , but labor warranty was only 3 months , which means I would have paid more in labor charges to fix the player than what a new DVD player would cost . I am disappointed . What a piece of junk .
 I found this review section searching for a solution to my DVD players NON-WORKING audio . Low & Behold I read a review from `` torihannah from Lexington , Ky '' . I bet both our DVD 's were made at the exact same time with the exact defective parts . My story now.I too am a Toshiba owner . 35 '' TV and VCR . Last Christmas -LRB- 1 week before Christmas day I might add -RRB- my husband & I decided to get our first DVD player and settled on Toshiba SD-1700 . Worked great . Loved the picture and the whole DVD experiance . Last night 12/2/02 while watching a movie the sound just went . I thought it was maybe a defective DVD . Not so ... I do n't have a big collection of DVD 's but those that I have I know work . I have watched them all . This player has had at the most 20 movie viewings in it 's short life span . Just to make sure I hooked up the player to my other TV -LRB- with new cables -RRB- just to make sure . No sound once again so it is the player . Now reading these reviews I see I 'm not the only one.I called Toshiba and of course there is nothing they can do .
 I purchased the SD-1700 in 12/01 . I 've used it little , and already the audio has gone very low and crakely , and the front panel display no longer works . Jeez .
 I grant this DVD player does have a good picture . But it has a few problems with freezing and sticking video picutures . Glinches in it plays a DVD . Or not even able to read the DVD it self . I blamed it on the DVD 's them self . But it turned out to be the DVD player . I also have problems with it not playing DVD . I put the DVD 's in this Toshiba and they would not play . I took them to my neighbors and put the same DVD in their DVD player and they played . I would think twice on buying this DVD player again . I can not even rate it for the problems it has casued . Also the DVD Player is under a class action suit becasue of these reasons .
 The wrong kind of capacitors are installed on C927 , C928 , C929 . The sound will not work because of this . It is fixable and the fix is cheap if you know what your doing .
 This DVD player lasted 11 months.The player worked great right up to the day it decided to stop working at all.Unfortunately as most people who bought this unit only 1 year ago are finding out when the warranty expires so does the DVD player.The player had loss of sound and LED display , which seems to be common for this unit after 1 year .
 -- Read the previous 12/18/2002 review by Jeffrey R. Anderson.The * exact * same thing happened to me . I bought my SD1700 on12/16/2001 and it died on 12/28/2002 , 12 days after the warrantyexpired naturally !!!! Just like Anderson , the front display on the player went blackand the audio output went dead . Piece of ... . After readingthe experience that Anderson had with Toshiba , I 'm not going tobother pleading with them , especially since the unit is out ofwarranty.I hope that this review will be of help to future buyers .
 My husband purchased a Toshiba SD1700 DVD player for me for Christmas of 2001 . Today -LRB- 11-23-02 -RRB- the audio completely died in the middle of a movie my daughter was watching . We contacted Best Buy and they told us that they would ship it off for repair to save us the shipping as Toshiba had a 1 year warranty on parts . We were not told until we got to the store that labor was 60.00 hour ... so , since you can now buy a NEW one for under 100.00 we decided to junk it . We have a Toshiba TV and VCR.I am very dissapointed in Toshiba that they too have jumped on the `` disposable technology '' bandwagon . It is also interesting to note that one of our home comptuers , an E-Machine , had a Toshiba DVD/ROM ... that too died early and we replaced it with another brand .
 This unit worked for about nine months then just stopped ! No sound and no LED front panel displays -- just total silent . I thought that like most electronics devices , once it got over its teething period , it should be OK for awhile . But not this Toshiba . I just hate to put it in the trash bin but this will be the case since it is not worth to repair . Really a waste .
 At the one year mark , it died . It would n't turn on . I opened it up and saw that the fuse was blown . I replaced the fuse and as soon as I plugged the power cord back in the newly inserted fuse blew . I was able to determine that the PC Power board inside the unit had a short in it . I tried to order a new board for it . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My brother purchased 2 of these DVD Players . One for himeself , and one which he gave to me as a christmas gift in December of 2001 . Today Less than 1 year later both units are DEAD.Both units exhibited the same symptoms . The first thing we noticed was that the display was dead , other than that it seemed to be reading the DVD fine . Well after the copyright warnings , and production logos we quickly realized that there was no sound either.Several email correspondence with Toshiba tech support have been fruitless . I will get NOTHING AND LIKE IT!If this is how they stand behind their products I will never be buying another product bearing the Toshiba name.It is unfortunate that all of the satisfied users who have not had their DVD Players long enough to experience this problem have already left 5 star feedback . It makes for an artifically high overall review .
 Just wanted to add to the stories of people who got burned by this player . We bought this for my mother in law who used it a grand total of 4-5 times over the course of about six months before it died completely.The company really should step up and make this right for those of us affected but the likelyhood that they will without legal action is small .
 Do n't be fooled ! I did my research and bought the best DVD player , with the best features , at the best price last year . It got good reviews and everyone seemed happy and initially I was happy . Now a year later , its dead , and it looks like everyone else 's died too . My power supply went , and the unit just wo n't even start.Don ' t buy it . There is no excuse for a product that lasts a year . No excuse . It looks like a manufacturing defect . This really should be a class action suit or something !
 My husband and I gave this DVD player as ` family ' gifts . By the next Christmas 2 out of the 3 had problems ; audio died on one and the video on the other . The third is hanging in there but we were disappointed .
 Just like 90 % of the other reviewers , my unit worked fine for just over a year of light use -LRB- ie . for the term of the warrantee -RRB- before the audio failed . You get what you pay for , I guess .
 I bought this DVD player a little over a year ago . We only rented about 30 DVDs from the local video store during the year . Now the DVD player does not work properly ... video is OK , but audio does not work unless Enhanced Dialog is set with maximum volume on the TV . Also , the front display no longer works . Repair estimate is -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- , more than the cost of a new , similar model . I do n't recommend this product !
 After reading everyone else 's reviews I feel lucky that I was able to use mine for 2 1/2 years before the audio stopped working . That will be my last Toshiba product .
 The sound on this DVD player went out after one year . After researching the problem , I learned that this is a common experience with this particular model -LRB- see cnet.com -RRB- . And , apparently an unfixable one .
 OK , it 's now 13 months after my purchase . This was a backup DVD player , and gets used a couple times a month at best . It usually sits on the spare TV and does n't have much use . The sound has gone out completely . I 've tried it on two TVs and nothing . Just out of warranty , too . Pass on this one and look elsewhere .
 Thanks to a number of announced and then-new DVD releases , 2001 was the year that I made my decision to invest in a DVD player , with the proverbial Christmas wad of dough . Doing research , I decided to buy either this model or a Panasonic -LRB- as they were the best choices available at my place of employment -RRB- . When the time came , this was the only one of my choices in stock , and it worked wonderfully , as I purchased -LRB- and played -RRB- * a lot * of discs for it.Problem is , the power supply died one night -LRB- about a month after the warranty expired , and mere days before a number of shows I like were to be released on DVD -RRB- , much like what 's happened to a number of other reviews . Apparently , this model 's power supply is universally defective , a shame given the general high quality of the Toshiba name .
 The unit has frozen or jerked with several DVD movies . Purchased new from Sears . Will return before the post-Christmas rush .
 This product should never had been made . I 've only owned this DVD and it does n't play worth a CRAP ! It skips , does n't play back cd-r , cd-wr . Hell it does n't even play regular cd 's without skipping . The remote control does n't work either . I have be right in front of it for it to work and that is only some of the time . Sometimes I feel like throwing the thing out the window . Next time I 'm buying a Panasonic or a Sony .
 I have had it less than 24 hours and it 's going back to the store . Sure , the quality of the video and sound are wonderful but at what price ? I could n't watch a single DVD without hundreds of freezes and pauses , some short others 5 seconds long . Maybe it was my unit , but I 've read about others having the same problem . no thanks .
 Word of caution about Toshiba quality
 At first , my wife and I were delighted with this DVD Player . We purchased it from Amazon in conjunction with a Toshiba flat screen television for a great price in a special.Sadly , the DVD player ceased working only a few months after purchase . One day it just did n't play or turn on any more . The full warranty is only for 3 months , and after that you have to pay for shipping and labor for up to a year . We 've had this for about 4 months now , so the cost of the manufacturer to repair or send us a refurbished one would be similar to what it would cost to by a new DVD player.We love the television , and the DVD player was great for a simple player . But I thought others should know that it died way to quickly for at least one person out there .
 I 'm having a problem with the sound on this dvd player . In order to hear it , I have to turn up the volume on the tv to as high as it will go . I 've done everything I can think of to solve this problem including checking the hook up between my tv and dvd player and changing the audio settings . The dvd display on the front panel of the player also will not work . I 've tried the FL DIM button on the remote as instucted in the owner 's manual , but nothing helps . I just got the player in December and started having trouble a few months back . I 'm seriously thinking about purchasing another dvd player , but do n't know if I will buy another Toshiba because of the problems with this player that I 've not even had for a year .
 I bought this DVD player for my husband for Christmas last year because it was rated a Consumer Report best buy . We rented a DVD recently and had to turn the volume on the TV all the way up to hear the sound . The issue is with the DVD player , not the TV . We 're very disappointed !! WASTE of money !
 I was completely happy with this player , never any problems until around the 1 year mark . Suddenly it refused to read the disc , stating `` disc error '' on any disc inserted.I 've e-mailed Toshiba customer service 2 times now and have never received a reply .
 I am looking at the other reviews on the player , and I totally agree . This player has a good price , but it regularly pauses , skips , even stops on DVD 's . Even on brand new , never played DVD 's . I took one DVD back to the store 3 times thinking it was the DVD ... but NO . I am truly convinced it is the player . It is very disappointing to get totally engrossed in a movie , watching it with friends , surround sound on and getting the full effect , when all of a sudden it pauses ... or skips . VERY disappointing , not to mention embarrassing . I wish I had n't bought it on-line . It would be easier to take back . I will continue to buy on-line , just not electronic products .
 I received this player just over a week ago . Being my first DVD I was very impressed with the video/sound quality that the DVD yielded . However , I experienced some skipping in the first 3 movies that I watched -LRB- all of which were brand new ! -RRB- . During the third movie , the player locked up . I stopped the movie and began to play it again . The DVD locked up again . So I tried to take the movie out to test another one to be sure it was the player and not the disc . But the player 's tray would not fully open . It opened about 1/3 of the way and then made an aweful grinding noise , then closed again . This occur over and over . It 's going back where I purchased it for a better model . ...
 Do not buy this machine . We bought this as a gift back in 2001 and it did n't even last a year . We bought `` Hyundai HDP-550S DVD Player '' for ourselves at a much lower price in 2002 and it is still going strong . We only use our DVD player to watch movies and do not use any of the other features -LRB- zoom , slow , etc. -RRB- .
 A nice DVD player when it works . As one other reviewer mentioned , on mine , the LED panel display and all audio functions ceased working in the middle of a DVD and remained INOP . All those having used it for less than 3 months might be in for a rude surprise .
 After buying this DVD player , I went to Best Buy and bought brand new DVD 's - not used ones . I put the disc in and it would . not . play . Toshiba customer service -LRB- ha ! I ca n't believe those people get paid to be so stupid -RRB- blamed it on dirty DVD 's . Not the case here . I took the player back to where I bought it and exchanged it for another one . Got it home , got it hooked up -LRB- which took forever because I 'm a little dense when it comes to these things -RRB- , and it still would not play . Took this one back , got my money back , and am going to buy a Panasonic this time , even though I 'm a little scared to because I 'm having such bad experiences .
 I bought two-one for my bedroom and one for my classroom . I like the zoom features on the Toshiba as well as the ability to speed up , choose whether you want to see the DVD in widescreen or regular format -LRB- if the DVD supports it -RRB- , and the remote control is very thorough . You can also set what type of sound you want -LRB- and I do n't mean languages -RRB- as well as the picture mode -LRB- animation , movie , etc. . . -RRB- . The one complaint I have is I ca n't save a spot in the memory unless the movie is not playing.I 'm editing my rating . One of the two has quit working . The sound ceased to work on the one at work . For no reason . Right now it 's a very big paperweight . Avoid Toshiba . The other one seems OK but for it to die in the amount of time it did , that makes me one very unhappy camper . Go for another brand and save your money.Yet another edit ... the second one has bit the dust too . And , ironically , the sound was the primary problem . I like Toshiba but I had two die and a friend had one die . Maybe they just are n't meant to make good DVD players .
 I thought I was getting a great deal on an player that would be adequate for an average viewer , watching 1-2 movies a week . It was fantastic for the first three months , with no problems whatsoever ... then on the 98th day -LRB- yes , that 's right , a mere 8 days past the warranty -RRB- it simply stopped working . It refuses to turn on , and the cost of repair is more than half of the original cost of the unit . Very disappointing ! Will not be purchasing anything Toshiba in the future . Strongly recommend spending a few extra bucks on a unit with at least a year warranty .
 I treated myself to my first DVD player for Christmas and used it three times before the audio failed . Now I 'm trying to figure out what to do with it since I bought it on-line . If I had bought it from a local store , I would bring it back and they would replace it . Now I have to find a service center in my area an make two trips to get it repaired.Bummer . Never again .
 I can watch one movie on this without it freezing ... Office Space . Every other movie I have tried to watch freezes up at some point . The Mummy , Mummy Returns , Gladiator , Aliens , Cats and Dogs , Star Wars , and Castaway all freeze . And not just a quick freeze . I mean the kind of freeze where you go to the bathroom , get a soda , make a sandwich , and sit back down ... and then maybe it will start back up . I have tried numerous times to contact the tech support folks at Toshiba and after sitting on hold for about 30 to 45 minutes , I get disconnected . I just hate this thing so much now . And the best part is , I can go out and buy another dvd player or pay to have this one `` fixed '' . I would just look at other players . Do n't buy this unless you like the built in potty break features of the freeze ups . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I purchased it becuse of the name , but that was obviously the only good thing about it . I realize it was n't a lot of money , but I expected it to last more that a few months . I had to exchange it for another , and that one lasted about a year .
 This DVD player died less than a year from purchase . I did n't know it had died since it was in storage in my basement . When started up it played good for five seconds then the whole picture -LSB- -RSB- out .
 I bought this unit and was very happy with it for the first two months - good picture , audio , and price . However it now stops , or freezes , my movies at various times while I 'm watching them -LRB- I 've recently seen others complain of this too -RRB- . This is very annoying as it totally disrupts the flow and atmosphere of the movie . What good are the other functions -LRB- or even the `` good '' price -RRB- if the unit ca n't perform its most basic function . This is a fundamental design flaw . Watching DVD movies is great and I highly recommend it , just do n't do it on this player !
 I just purchased this product two weeks ago . The picture looks great on my old Panasonic Tv . I do n't like the fact that it does not play cd-r or cd-wr , but that is my fault for not checking into that before I purchased it . Also the remote control does n't work that great . I have to be directly in front of the player for it to work . I thought it was the batteries , but when I put new ones in I still had the same problem . Should have purchased a Panasonic or a Sony . I 'm really considering sending this product back and purchasing something else .
 Like many others here , I also got burned by this unit . I bought this Toshiba SD1700 DVD Player used from a certain online auction site . It worked fine for a few months . Then the digital display on the front quit working and the sound stopped working also . I would stay away from this unit at all costs . I paid $ 60 for this player , then had to pay an extra $ 100 for a brand new Sony DVD player that actually works .
 My wife and I gecieved the toshiba SD-1700 as a gift from our daughter . She was so excited , 19 yrs old wanted to buy something really special for us . It was something that we used very little , maybe 25 movies , and now all we get is disk errors . Have bought disc cleaners thinking it was dirty for some reason . Nothing works , have the same problems that I have read in other reviews . Toshiba should step up to the plate and either repair or refund . Upset that we have to throw this special gift out .
 i went to a site looking for a portable dvd player w/screen and i found one at a fantastic price so i paid for it . when i lokked at data for it a home dvd player came up and now i am having trouble getting ahold of the person who sold it to my via amazon.com ... pretty bogus if you ask me . this is the first time i have bought something over the web . . maybe i am stupid but i did everything that amazon told me to do.it was an initial portable dvd player w/screen model sd 1700 . toshiba sd1700 home dvd player was sent to me .
 Check out -LSB- an online posting -RSB- noting which components need to be replaced to fix the DVD player . On mine , sound and front panel were back at 100 % with only $ ... in Radio Shack parts ...
 Do not buy this item . Mine lasted about two years without a problem ; however , a few days ago , it died . The power no longer works . From what I have read in these reviews , this problem is not uncommon . I usually do n't buy extended warranties , but on Toshiba products , perhaps it is n't such a bad idea .
 Purchased July 2001 and was very happy with the performance for the first 12 months . Then disks started getting rejected with minimal , if any , damage to them . In the past 3 months , the display has gone -LRB- leaving only the OSD -RRB- and the sound is close to silent . Look at the other postings , see the same comments . I was a Toshiba fan until this purchase .
 The sound is still there , but you need to turn the volume all the way up . Even then , it 's barely audible . I feel terrible for nagging my husband to figure out what is wrong with the piece of junk . I received this as a gift but I will make sure to read reviews before purchasing a dvd player again . Do not buy this product .
 I bought this model in 12/01 based on Consumer Reports recommendation , and initially it worked great . We moved to Japan in June and after hooking everything up again , the sound was distorted . Had someone look at it and he said the left channel was distorted from a faulty sound card . Cost to repair ? $ 180 ! Thankfully , I paid for this with VISA , so I will be filing a claim through their extended warranty program . The repairman looked at the back of the player where it said `` Made in China '' and said that was the problem . If it 's made in Germany or Japan , he said , then the quality is good.Perhaps overall , Toshiba does OK with repair ratings , but it 's clear this particular model has some issues .
 I thought this was the best cheap DVD player for the money , but now I realize it was just CHEAP . Mine also worked for only 5 viewings , then the digital display disappeared and the sound no longer works . I have tried hooking it up to several TVs in my home , all with the same result . Of course it 's past warranty and not worth the $ to fix . I 'll be trashing it .
 I would go for the Toshiba SD-1600 -LRB- also available on Amazon.com for the same price -RRB- , instead of this one . The SD-1700 is basically the same unit as the SD-1600 right down to the buttons on the front panel , except for 1 major difference . Whereas the 1700 has a 4-speed FF & REW shuttle function over the 1600 's 3 speeds , the 1600 has 550 lines of horizontal resolution as opposed to the 1700 's 500 . Having to decide between the trade-offs , I would have to place the 1600 's superior resolution over the 1700 's extra speed shuttle function . There have also been complaints by 1700 owners of failure problems -LRB- mostly crashing and skipping -RRB- after 6 months . What really bugs me is how the engineers took an exceptionally sound unit -LRB- the 1600 -RRB- , changed a couple of things around , release it out onto the market under a new model name , only to have unsuspecting owners discover later that they 've ended up with a lemon - all because of insufficient testing by the manufacturer . BUY THIS model only if you prefer 1 extra shuttle speed + unreliability over higher reliability and better picture quality - which is what DVD is all about in the first place .
 The Philips ToUcam website has a fix for installing with Windows XP . I donwloaded the fix , and the text instructions , and tried it twice , and the cam still is n't compatible with windows XP .
 This cam only works in extremely bright light and does not focus well . I have experience setting up many types of cams and this one has been the worst . It is difficult to focus and the software is over simplistic and ineffective . I had 3-75 watt lights on in the room and the picture was still darm , grainy and out of focus . I can not recommend this cam . Do yourself a favor and spend the extra 20 bucks and get a Logitec or Kodak . You will be much happier .
 The picture is poor , the base is unstable , the adjustments are unreliable . It gets one star for having a built in mic , but I 've never tried to use it , so I have no idea if that actually works . My advice is , if you 're looking for a cheap webcam but still want some quality -- go for the logitech quickcam . It 's like -LSB- a little -RSB- more , and the picture is actually decent . Plus , it 's easy to set up and does n't fill your computer with a bunch of lame useless software and games .
 Well so far this webcam refuses to properly install under W2000.The Philips weekend?evening helplines are empty . So I am stuck with a camera that will not install and the instruction manual gives zero help in this respect . If Philips knows that this camera has difficulty to install under w2000 , then they should not advertise it on the box as being compatable . Products in this day and age should not be this frustrating .
 hello i 'm french your camera ca n't be install if I have a sound carde in my computer.can you send me an other driver to install it.thank you
 Although i ordered one i was sent two and received them within 7 days , neither one of them worked . i am not quite sure if they need to be formatted or what , however I am waiting on a reply back from the sender to see if formatting is the problem or if they just need to refund me my money . I have been waitingfor over 2 weeks now for a reply !?!?!
 I installed this camera on a standard Windows 98 system -LRB- with no other USB devices -RRB- . The first blue screen crash happened right after I installed the software . I rebooted to see if the camera would work anyway , and it seemed like it did ; I was delighted with the picture quality and light sensitivity . However , I quickly discovered that whenever I used the camera -LRB- from any application -RRB- a blue screen crash would follow , immediately or shortly afterwards . For example , Windows Media Encoder would record OK , but as soon as I stopped recording I would get the blue screen crash . The supplied Philips software would sometimes seem to work , but then when I exited and started up Windows Media Player , blue screen crash . I called Philips -LRB- case #US 2-594863 -RRB- , stayed up several nights until 2-3 AM , uninstalling , reinstalling , downloading the latest drivers , etc. , all to no avail . Today Philips told me they `` will not be able to fix '' the problem , and suggested that I return the camera . Very disappointing .
 I bought the ToUcam Pro and that was the mistake.Things went pear-shaped shortly after that and the Belkin self-powered USB hub , which had been powering my Canoscan N650U scanner and Alcatel Speed Touch USB ADSL modem happily for over a year with no problems went off completely as a result of installing the ToUcam Pro ! This happened maybe a dozen times at various intervals ranging from 1 to about 6 or 7 minutes.Installation was annoying - I 'm using Windows XP Pro and Philips claim the ToUcam Pro is XP-compatible . Maybe it is , but it most certainly is NOT out of the box ; the cd will simply refuse to install as you 'll be using the wrong version of Windows - the installer tells you this and you have to connect to the web to get an updater , which you install first ! That 's all well and good if you have Internet access of course , but there 's NO warning of this until you actually start the install ! Tut , tut Philips.Having installed the thing I was impressed by the clarity of the pictures . They 're better than the Logitech Quickcam Pro 3000 - brighter , more vivid and sharper . The focus seems to be sharper on the ToUcam Pro , but the focus ring is sloppy and loose , giving the device a cheapish feel . The lens appears stronger too , with objects appearing closer than with the Logitech.The stand , whilst novel is n't practical , as unless you use the self-adhesive pad to fix it in one place the camera skids around . Philips seem to have gone for looks rather than practicalities . Blu-tak to the rescue!Various problems ensued with the USB and hanging applications , so I decided after 4 hours of sheer hassle and dying USB that enough was enough and removed the camera and rolled the system back to a restore point before the ToUcam was installed . Things seem fine now.Could a webcam driver cause me to lose a powered USB hub ? Mmmm ... It 's left me with more questions than answers , but if you 're using a Canoscan N650U and an Alcatel Speed Touch USB ADSL modem , I would steer WELL clear of the Philips ToUcam Pro webcam .
 Ok , I thought that all webcams did the same thing
 It has a bad picture . I could get another that has a better picture and comes with a microphone . I got ahead of the set-up so it got messed up . Then I had to uninstal it and then instal it again . If you want a `` nice '' camera DO N'T GET THIS ONE !!!
 This does not support WPA , which is much more secure than WEP . This would not be a good idea for any modern home network because WEP is too easy to hack .
 Worked well upon receipt . Became a 5 minute temporary wireless start-up connection when IE ver 7 was downloaded . After that practically useless ; tried every method of wireless software option . Never got to file or printer sharing . Regards Jim
 This adapter was great when I first got it and installed it . However , after about 2-3 months , I started having problems with it . Imperceptibly , I started getting slower and slower connections to the Internet -- especially when switching pages . We tried everything
 Linksys USB Wireless adaptor looks nice ... but that 's about it . Was dead right out of the box . After installing software and connecting , power LED lights up , but computer does n't even detect the wireless adaptor . I tried the adaptor on 2 other computers to make sure that it was the Linksys adaptor that was at fault . By the way , I 'm an IT professional and I have experience with wireless equipment so I know what I 'm doing . I 've had problems with Linksys equipment in the past . When it works , its great ... Linksys has made too many defective equipment for me to recommend this to other people . Not including this adaptor , I 've also had problems with 2 Linksys Wireless Access Point/Router -LRB- BEF11S4 -RRB- and 1 linksys wireless access point -LRB- WAP11 -RRB- . Netgear equipment in my experience seems to be a lot more reliable with similar prices.note
 I bought the WUSB11 six months ago for my windows ME computer . It worked fine on that , but when I decided to upgrade to Windows XP , I encountered huge amounts of problems , not yet resolved . I downloaded Linksys ' so called `` Win Xp '' driver for the adapter , but it did not help one bit . I called the technical support and they gave up after an hour.If you are using this adapter with windows XP , DO NOT GET IT , if you are not , the WUSB11 works fine .
 Simply put , the Linksys group has n't really updated their Windows XP drivers as far as I can tell -- I 've tried to install the driver every which way , have the wireless router/access point up and running but have to use good old cables to connect . Unless I `` nag '' the one person who 's sent me email from tech support , nothing happens -LRB- and even after I get a response , it has referenced for the past 2 weeks a mythical level 2 support group , whose contact I 'm still waiting for -RRB- . I have 2 separate , uniquely configured XP machines that both have a useless piece of technology connected to them -LRB- the Linksys adapter -RRB- , so I do n't suspect this is an isolated incident.Unfortunately , there is no `` zero '' rating -- which is what I would suspect anyone who purchases a theoretically XP-compatible , allegedly plug-n-play device would rank it if it could n't be made to work . In fairness , if the thing worked at all , it would get at least 3 from me ; the ridiculous wait times on tech support , and one particular techie 's bad attitude and misinformation have made it a stupefyingly bad experience to own this product.I will never knowingly buy a Linksys product again , and if the level 2 guys ca n't fix my problem , I will call every single executive in the company until I am issued a refund .
 The site did not state the version of the software . TiVo can only use version 2.6 or 2.8 and some 3.0 . This is version 4.1 and will not work on TiVo . I wish the site had listed what version it was before I ordered .
 I bought this USB adapter to connect a second Tivo to my home network . Tivo is VERY fussy and requires the 2.6 version of the WUSB11 . The Amazon.com picture appears to be the ver 2.6 adapter , but the adapter I received has different markings . My old WUSB11 has the version on the outside of the box , but this one did not . I called Linksys , and they could n't determine the version number . They guessed it was 2.6 . So , I disconnected my old WUSB11 from my networked Tivo and connected the new adapter . It was not recognized . I rebooted , no better . I reconnected the old WUSB11 , the one from the box marked ver 2.6 , and it worked immediately . I suspect that Amazon now has a different version -LRB- 2.8 ? -RRB- , and it Tivo does not like it . If you are buying a WUSB11 adapter for your Tivo make sure it is ver 2.6 , or it probably wo n't work .
 I suggest that if you can , buy a pc or pci card . This usb adapter is very unstable . I have to restart my windows xp computer atleast twice a day . The only advantage to this is that you can put it in the spot with the best signal , whereas in a pc or pci card it is stuck inside your computer and you cant move it very easily .
 I 've always had very good experiences with Linksys products - until I bought the WUSB11 . At system boot , the device always had a yellow exclamation point next to it in the Device Manager , with a `` Code 10 - the device could not start '' . I had to repeatedly unplug and re-plug the device until it came up clean in Device Manager , then exit and re-launch the WLAN monitor application to get it working . Once it was up , its performance varied tremendously with the slightest repositioning of the unit . This was despite very good signal strength and never falling back from the top link speed of 11Mbps . Enabling 64-bit WEP made it much harder to connect to the Linksys router , and 128-bit WEP rendered it totally non-functional - unable to see the access point at all . Linksys tech support concluded that the unit was defective , but a replacement gave even more trouble than the first.The WUSB11 behaved the same way on * three * different P4/Win2k Pro systems based on the SiS chipset . It would not work at all when tried on one of these systems booted to Win98 . It was impossible to get rid of the yellow exclamation point in the Win98 Device Manager.Amazingly , the same WUSB11 worked perfectly on a borrowed IBM Thinkpad , and also on an AMD Athalon desktop based on the VIA chipset . Both of these systems ran Win2k Pro . Repositioning the WUSB11 appeared to have no effect on these systems . They ran fine even with 128-bit WEP enabled.It was hit or miss on a friend 's Compaq laptop with Windows XP . It would usually take a very long time - up to 20 minutes - to find the access point , even when located in the same room with it . Once the access point was found , the WUSB11 tended to remain working on this system , but there was a little sensitivity to the positioning of the WUSB11 . Data flow sometimes became choppy if the WUSB11 was not positioned well , but it was much less sensitive to position than the SiS based systems . This is odd , since the radio signal was always strong , the link always stayed at the full 11 Mbps , and two other systems mentioned above were unaffected by the position of the WUSB11.Having had two different WUSB11s behave so unreliably , I can not recommend this device to anyone . Out of six different computers , the device worked flawlessly on only two , marginally on one , and was essentially unusable on three . The system 's chipset , operating system , the physical positioning of the WUSB11 , and the level of WEP encryption all play a major factor in the device 's usability .
 If you 're using XP Pro , drop the extra -LSB- $ $ -RSB- on the PCI card instead -LRB- WMP11 . -RRB- XP did n't recognize the WUSB11 . Linksys tech support and google-searching provided no remedy . Installing and setting up the PCI card took about 10 minutes from the time I opened the computer to submitting this review .
 The installation was fairly simple , after being gone through the experience of the installation -LRB- and trouble shooting -RRB- of the main router -LRB- befw11s4 -RRB- . However , my remote PC was only about 20 feet and a drywall away from the main router , the connection has been very unstable . The wireness communication between the remote PC and the main router only works , in average , one out of five times.I heard that the newer version -LRB- ver . 2.5 -RRB- works better . I am going to replace mine with the new version -LRB- specially with the newly-attached antena -RRB- and see if it improves the wireless network performance.I do not recommend the older version that does not come with the attached antena .
 I use a Linksys wireless router , which works perfectly with my notebook 's wireless PCMCIA card -LRB- made by Linksys -RRB- . I naturally expected to have no problem with the wireless USB adapter ... but no luck at all ! The configuration routine for the USB hub does n't duplicate the capability of the configuration routine for the hub -- I could n't input a security phrase and generate a 64-bit WEP `` key '' to match the one programmed into the hub . When I disabled WEP on both the hub and the USB adapter , or manually duplicated the key , there was still no joy .
 I purchased this product , described as specifically designed to work with Windows 98 Second Edition , but am unable to use it . I was able to install it and connect to the internet for a short time , then my computer shuts itself off while I am connected to the internet . I took the computer to a shop where they checked everything and reloaded Windows but it still is not compatible and shuts my computer down at random times . I ca n't use it . I 'm frustrated that it is billed as working with Windows 98 SE and it does n't , at least for me . I wasted my money on the adapter as well as $ 80 for the `` repair '' that did n't help .
 I 've been on the phone over four hours with customer support and I still have problems with this wireless device . About once a day , the wireless connection disappears for no reason and I can not reconnect unless I reboot . Customer support has informed me to download a new driver from the website , but it still does not work . Then they suggested that I reinstall Windows XP -LRB- a very long process for those who are unaware -RRB- and it still does not work . I am installing this wireless device on a new computer that I bought from one of the top two computer manufacturers so I know the problem does not exist with the computer . Please do your research before purchasing this device .
 If you know the workings of computers intimately , this might work for you . It is NOT easy to use this adapter with XP . I spent 7 days trying to reach Linksys through online and phoneline - never got through . I used every technique in their support pages and it still did n't work . XP keeps defaulting , you have to disconnect integrated components , reconfigure settings and change channels and that 's just the tip of the iceberg - it finally worked for about 10 minutes then crashed . I had two PC 's working beautifully using NetGear 's adapter but the third PC that I tried to add to my network with this Linksys adapter - forget it ! I feel like they owe me money for my frustration .
 It took me 5 minutes to set up the unit on my XP Pro machine . Everything worked fine if WEP was not considered . However , security is a big thing these days - at least to me.After spending almost 4 hours - resetting my SMC router , network settings , etc. . It simply would not work with WEP enabled.The unit itself is good . But if you want WEP on XP , you might want to try something else . That 's what I am going to do .
 i tried to install this USB wireless adapter , but i could not make it . i exactly followed the instruction , and also tried installation on many different machines -LRB- Compaq `` new '' presario w / windows XP , eMachines celeron old one-win98 , and Intel-MB w/P4-win 2000pro i assembled -RRB- . After following all steps in the instruction , i plugged in the USB cable , but no machine acknowleged this device . But this device is cute , so use it as a toy . I recommend d-Link USB adapter -LRB- it works fine . -RRB-
 When ordering this product I did a search for Linksys Wireless G adapters . This was the product that came up in the search - it still does . I know it 's my fault , because I did not realize that the b at the end of the part # meant it was wireless B . These are not compatible with the Wireless G product I already have . I bought these as replacements for some adapters that quit working . So I 'm stuck with paying for something I ca n't use . Not a happy camper ! I have been happy with the Wireless G adapters - but have no use for the `` B '' .
 had several years ago and fought with it for a long time . 2nd floor , router on first . belkin-n -LRB- rt2870 -RRB- and netgear wg111 both connect with strong signal ... this thing would barely connect at all and constantly drop connections in XP -LRB- using linksys router -RRB- . admittedly outdated but should be able to manage some sort of connection . linux a total no go with this . sorry .
 ... I 'm sure this review will get lots of negative feedback , but I do n't care . Someone has to let people know what a piece of garbage this product and the WUSB11 are.I bought this sometime in Febuary and there has n't been a day where I have n't had to do something extra to get it to work . These things may include unplugging and plugging back in the WAP11 , my router , the internet cable connection , or -LSB- messing -RSB- with the settings , or giving up in frustration and reading a book . I 've spent , no joke , at least 21 hours with the tech support line , and the vast amount of that time is waiting on hold with a repeating voice telling me that they 're having unusually high traffic and that I should be patient . Well , it 's simply no wonder they have such high volume when they produce this kind of junk . I 'm at the end of my patience . The first time I called , I got disconneted , maybe by the tech support guy because he could n't figure out my problem . Then the second time I called , the device worked for about a week before it went down again . The third time I called back , we went through completly different steps to get it to work again , and it worked for about another week , almost hassle free . The fourth time I called back , I was told my problem was a known issue , whatever ... that is since they did n't tell me what the problem was , and they told me to send my product -LRB- the WUSB11 -RRB- back for a replacement , on my dime , nonetheless . I get their replacement , ... , it worked for about a week before it started doing the same kind of crap the old one did . Things like seeing the network connection , but not connecting , working for 10 minutes at a time , then going down for the day , moving the WAP11 or WUSB11 across the room and going out for the day.Oh , and if you like to play video games over the internt , things like Unreal Tournament or Return to Castle Wolfenstein , prepare to have the game freeze every minute for 3 seconds . Now , that may not sound so bad , but its -LSB- really bad -RSB- when it freezes and you wake up dead . I suppose this is another known issue that they have no solution for.Now , you may be saying to yourself , hey , this guy is an idiot who knows nothing about technology and computers . If it does n't work then it 's probably his own fault or ignorance . But , then I 'd tell you how I have a degree in computer science and am a professional programmer and feel very comfortable around things such as this . This thing simply does n't work . I 'm supposing that for the people it does work for , they must be in the same room as the WAP11 , but in that case you do n't really need a wireless connection.So , heed my words , do n't buy this if you do n't like to live every day in fear that it 'll not work today . ... And if you 're wondering why I gave it 2 stars it 's because nobody takes seriously one star reviews . On a scale of 1-10 , this product should get a negative infinity.I 'm not joking , this thing is that bad .
 I received my shippment today but when i opened the package all three of the network Adapter v4 have the wrong cable . The cable that came with it is a USB with the same end points . It should have came with the usb with is slightly oval not square . Please send me an email regarding this .
 Item is not as displayed in picture when purchased . The item displayed is the WIFI item , where both cable ends are the same . This item does not work with my Linksys B router and cable ends are different .
 I spent over an hour with the Linksys tech support in India -LRB- during two calls -RRB- and they could n't get the adapter to work . They said that the drivers were bad and that they would send me new drivers on a CD . They never sent them .
 The IBM ThinkPad 600 is the wife 's machine -LRB- 330MHz , 128meg RAM -RRB- . It must go on a network if we are to go broadband.Purchased this because it was advertised to work with `` WIN98 '' and supposed to work on a 220MHz CPU with 64meg of RAM.First problem . It is WIN98SE that it is supposed to work on . It does n't work on pre-SE . With pre-se the device showed a yellow ! that ca n't be fixed.So upgraded machine to WIN98SE . Driver loaded and everything looked fine.The monitoring program said adapter was active . Great.Well not so great . WIN98SE wo n't start up with the adapter attached without generating a `` WINDOWS PROTECTION ERROR
 Do n't buy this if your are a TiVo Series 2 owner . Older versions of this adapter worked with TiVo but not the version 4.0 which you 'll get from Amazon . You 'll now be forced to order the WUSB12 which is $ 20 more expensive .
 If you 're considering this as the Tivo-recommended way to get wireless connectivity , then DO NOT BUY THIS . Linksys is currently up to version 4.0 of this unit , and it DOES NOT WORK WITH TIVO .
 Many reviewers have commented on the ease of use of this product . This may be true for OS 's which are not Windows XP . I have spent 3 + hours on the phone over two days with Linksys tech support trying to get this thing working and at the end of it the best answer they could give me was `` reinstall windows '' . Some of the problems I have had include failure to install drivers , failure of the wireless to work properly unless the router is set to perpetually broadcast the SSID , and the fact that it just plain stopped working at one point.During the tech support process the tech had me install it on my W2K machine and it worked fine there and the setup was fairly easy ... so maybe it 's an OK choice if you do n't have XP .
 Great idea for a product ... just plug this into any PC , notebook or any other networkable device that can use an IP address . There is a 6 ' USB cable included , and the installation is easy . Windows 2000 will recognize the device upon plug-in and wizards will prompt for installation ... but , I think using the CD and the installation setup.exe is much better b/c the installation SW will also auto-detect the wireless LAN settings and not just use defaults . . there is a better chance of getting connected right away . However , although the installation was simple ... this unit kept disconnecting on me constantly and INCONSISTENTLY.This disconnecting manifested itself in a 3 ways : The 2st manifestation was where the adaptor would suddenly be faulty , where it would state that the network cable was unplugged -LRB- you can see this in Windows 2000 by opening `` Network Connections '' you will see the list of adapters and a few columns , including status and description . The status will say `` network cable unplugged . '' The only way to solve this would be to unplug the USB cable and plug it back in , or disable , then re-enable the adapter from the right-click menu , or reboot the machine.The 2nd manifestation was where the adapter seemed fine , but , I would n't suddently lose my IP address . Same solutionThe 3rd manifestation was where I had an IP address , but , could not ping anything , not on the LAN or outside the firewall/WAP-router . Same solution.I recently purchased the new PCI 802.11 g card which works on b & g networks at 11mbps & 54mbps ... no problems at all ... love it ... going to write a review about that too .
 Amazon is now shipping WUSB11 v4 , not currently compatible with TIVO series 2 ! Huge bummer . There is no way to order a v2 .6 or v2 .8 and know for sure what you are getting . This is nothing against this product -- just another problem with Tivo and their support . They may eventually support this unit , but for now the Tivo does n't recognize the adapter .
 LinkSys 's Quality Control has gone to hell in both firmware and hardware . Customer support is abysmal at bestEven LinkSys tech support encourages users to strongly consider using the 2.5 Version of this Hardware -LRB- which has an external antenna -RRB- . The XP driver is highly problematic.Suffice it to say , I will NOT recommend another LinkSys product to clients , colleagues , or friends ... Bill Machrone of PC Magazine and ExtremeTech.com has also written about some problems with LinkSys products ... A LinkSys tech support person actually told me that articles and reviews by users will make no difference , because they keep getting editorial awards from publications.I assume they wo n't mind this review then . . Keith
 WARNING - Even though this product is listed by Amazon as a `` customers who purchased ... also purchased '' item - THIS DOES NOT WORK WITH TIVO !!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!! LEARN FROM MY MISTAKE !!!
 Geek level objections
 I finally installed the linksys wireless system ; the router plus the wireless USB adapter . I have spent upwards of four hours with support personnel , who were unfailingly courteous and anxious to be helpful . The problems are multiple
 I have this unit working with Windows XP and the Linksys BEFWS4 wireless hub . The WUSB11 is a power hog , so it wo n't work with passive USB hubs . It was n't easy configuring the unit with WEP , and I never really figured out what the problem was . The tech support from Linksys has been absolutely horrendous . In the end , my unit decided to die , and now I have to send it back to Linksys to get a new one . If you have a laptop , go for a more reliable wireless PC Card solution -LRB- I recommend the Orinoco Gold from Lucent -RRB- . Not recommended .
 First of all , there are at least two -LRB- 2 -RRB- devices , very different in appearance , that are BOTH called WUSB11 . I have , apparently , the one without the fold-out antenna pictured above.The Windows ME drivers for this product caused blue-screen errors on my Vaio PCG-FX210 until I finally removed them . The Windows XP driver does n't appear to work at all -LRB- it recognizes the unit , but wo n't see any networks . -RRB- The XP driver is also unsigned , and the installation instructions tell the hapless user to simply ignore the unsigned driver warnings from XP . Since they 've had plenty of time to have the driver qualified by Microsoft , my guess is they just have n't gone to the trouble to make it reliable enough to pass Logo testing.For what it 's worth , I 've relegated this thing to use on an older machine running Windows 98 , and it seems stable enough in that configuration.Maybe the `` other '' WUSB11 and its drivers are more stable.Scott
 This unit is so good in so many ways , I really wanted to give it a positive review . In general , I have been very satisfied with other Linksys products . Unfortunately , the driver refuses to load properly after a reboot -LRB- a frequent occurance on Win98 -RRB- . The only fix I found was to unplug and then plug-in the USB cable after every reboot or stand-by . I very tedious process ! Tech support simply told be to repeatedly re-install the software , which never worked . Naturally , by the time I finally concluded there was no way to fix the problem , It was past the point where I could simply return it.However , once the driver is running , It seems to work fine .
 I 'm going to take this opportunity to fully vent on the subject . If you want the executive summary , buy Belkin or Netgear equipment , and avoid Linksys . If you like the ravings of a frustrated IT pro doing someone a favor , read on.I hate these things , I really do . You absolutely MUST install the software for it in order to get them to work with Windows XP Home , but here 's the kicker
 Do n't waste your money on this piece of garbage !!! I 've had so many problems with this things it 's ridiculous ! Despite calling customer service three times , this this just does n't work properly . It constantly finds `` new networks '' around my neighborhood and kicks me offline each time . I 'm throwing mine away and buying from a different company ! My friend has the same problem with his . Also , the User Manual is completely useless !!! Stay away from Linksys
 My installation came back telling me I was missing files . Tech support walked me through uninstall and reinstall -- which as a software engineer I already tried several times . Finally she said it was bad and I needed to exchange it . I knew it was n't but figured I 'd give it a try anyway -- wasting my time and their money . Same problem with new one , er rather , that was n't the problem in the first place . I checked that my system was current -LRB- win2k SP4 -RRB- . Tried again . Missing files . Try to call tech support ... 1 hour and 18 minutes later STILL NO ANSWER . Every 30 seconds a `` thank you for your call '' message repeats , ad nauseum . So I searched the online support http://www.linksys.com/support . No results turned up for a search on `` missing files '' . I tried all combinations from the error message that I thought might return some results . Nothing . Surely this ca n't be the first time ever this error has popped up ?! Not to mention the typo in the error message ! I will never buy linksys again . I am taking both units back tomorrow and trying NetGear.T Shane BostickBoise , Idahotbostick78@yahoo.com
 I had it going for about 36 hours . Unfortunately when I returned after 4 hours , it was unable to send . Yet I was able to ping my computer using both a computer on the same network , and even using my cell phone . But not even my firewall was able to detect any outbound activity . So I returned it.Some other problems I found was xp seemed to lose the card , and using detect new hardware would not even detect it . I ended up having to uninstall and reinstall . There are just way too many issues that were similiar to when I tried version 2.6 with 98 .
 This just does n't work that well . The connection drops every 15-30 minutes .
 It is a great system and works well with * most * version of windows . It does NOT work with Windows XP Pro . Their service number is almost impossible to find . When we did call , they knew about the problem with it not working with Windows XP pro but could do nothing to help us.It also did n't work well with my husbands computer ... it kept cutting out . Luckily we have the Linksys Router where we can have both wired and wireless connections . Only one of our three computer uses this adapter . The one thats on it works great with no problems ... but the other two computers wo n't work with it . And the people at the company could not or would not help us , even after we dumped -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- into their products to get the wiresless system in our household .
 This product simply does n't work with Win98 . It wo n't load the correct USB driver no matter which way you try . I 've run the product cd drivers , downloaded the driver from Linksys , and essentially spent half a day fighting it . I have some great Linksys products , but this ai n't it . No more fighting , it 's outta here .
 I would have giving it no stars if all possible . I spent my money with the hopes that it would make my life easier , no . I ca n't get it to install at all . i tried installing it a computer with windows xp , got the new drivers and all . Nope . I tried it on a computer with windows millenium , nope . easy install is a joke . I tried to install it ever way i could think of , I tried forcing the drivers and all , but on both systems it just comes up as an unknown usb device and wo n't even install period , much less me having any comment on speed or reliability ... . get something else from linksys or maybe another company all together .
 I should have read the reviews before purchasing it . Why would someone sell the item as a package when the package is not compatible ? I guess I now have a paper weight that is black and blue . How about thinking before selling !
 The lack of documentation and spotty support , combined with a much too complicated configuration setup has cost me hours of valuable time trying to straighten out problems ; not to mention downtime due to unstable service . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a simple , reliable way to connect their network wirelessly . I have friends who swear by NetGear.I am sending my Linksys back .
 I have had a very frustrating and difficult time setting up this adaptor.Still does not work . Many emails to Linksys . They told me to start all over setting up my router ... . when I have time I will try it again.The price was right ... but it needs to set up easily !
 I bought this product based on the advice of a linksys technical support representative when I received it at my house the product would not work with my operating system . When I called linksys technical support they were absolutely no help at all . Boo linksys very poor job of informing a customer . I was very impressed with Amazon.com in accepting the product back . I would recommend Amazon.com to anyone .
 This product will work with windows 98 however much tweaking is needed and many hours on tech support . One thing I will say is this adapter randomly decideds which XP computers it wants to work on . I have it configured corectly but why make a product that goes against windows thats made for windows ? If you ask me you should have to configure it to work against windows not the other way around !
 Worked fine for the first several months and then failed . I tested carefully by swaping out with another unit on another machine . I called to request a RA number and instead got jacked around for about 15 minutes with an offshore technician who was very hard to understand and did n't listen . I gave up , hung up , tossed the unit and vowed to NEVER BUY FROM LINKSYS AGAIN !
 My mistake
 Linksys was constantly causing my PC to reboot . Anytime I tried to get on the internet , my PC would shut down and reboot ... sometimes 5 times before it would let me on . When I called for customer support , I spoke with people in India who gave zero help . They blamed it on Microsoft or AOL . I finally bought a different brand and have had NO problems with rebooting ever since I removed Linksys .
 In three months , have had four Linksys routers , and three adapters due to faulty equipment . It took hours on the phone with abrasive , sarcastic tech support to figure this out . And , to add insult to injury , it 's a toll call to get authorization to send this crap back . Stay away from Linksys .
 wo n't work with Windows XPinstalls on 2000 pro without any problems
 I 've been using the WUSB11 v2 .5 for over a year now on an XP box with outstanding results . After recently building a second machine , I purchased a v2 .6 only to have horrible results . It turns out the v2 .6 is a diffent design and diffent chipset with muuch less capability . While the v2 .5 runs at 11Mbs from 40ft away , the v2 .6 wo n't make a reliable connection at 15ft . Linksys finally got it going , after being on the phone for over an hour , by limiting it to 2Mbs max . I tried a second one on two other machines -LRB- including my orignial XP box -RRB- with the same -LSB- bad -RSB- performance . If you can find a v2 .5 around grab it , you wo n't be sorry . But stay away from the new v2 .6 .
 This item is completely worthless . The item is defective as told to me by Comcast cable technician when he was installing their wireless network .
 This little , cheap device would always drop the connection . You get what you paid for . I went ahead and spent more on a D-Link G with a power booster . Connection is now rock solid
 Great product for intermittent use , like if you fire up your computer and browse the web , answer email.But if you want a constant long term connection , forget it . After about 100 mb transferred , it hangs your system . I 've reproduced this bug , and a normal NIC card gives me no problems . So you are always rebooting every day if you are serving . I even updated the drivers too!There are a couple of other reviewers who have experienced this too.But if you do need it for short-term stuff , it 's great !
 After 2 days of reconfiguring my network -LRB- Linksys 802.11 B/G router -RRB- in every way imaginable & getting no connection from the TiVo with this adapter , I searched the messageboards and discovered this adapter is `` tempermental '' with a combined 802.11 b/g router . The TiVo site recomends it , but no one mentioned router compatibility ... get the WUSB12 model - worked like a charm in 3 minutes .
 Just wanted to inform everyone that this product does n't work with Tivo for a broadband connection . Use the NetGear WG111 . It works great . Just wanted to prevent someone else from buying a product that is n't compatable with TIVO .
 After reading -LRB- at least one other -RRB- review -LRB- s -RRB- about a defective unit , I was apprehesive about purchasing the Linksys USB . However , I also heard that in home wireless networks , you are wise to be brand-loyal ... that there are interoperability issues from vendor-to-vendor . I have a Linksys Wireless Router with which I am quite pleased . Also , I have a Linksys 4-port wired router which has performed flawlessly since the day I bought it almost two years ago.However , when I plugged in the Linksys USB adaptor , it simply did n't work . That is , when I physically plugged-in the USB cable to my laptop -LRB- HP Pavilion running Win98SE -RRB- , absolutely nothing happened . I did the same on my home-built ABit-based Win2000 server , with the same result.Disappointed , I returned the Linksys for a Netgear USB and it installed and performs flawlessly.I have also had bad experience with Linksys ' PCMCIA wireless adaptors ... the antenna seems to be of poor quality resulting in horrific range -LRB- lost connection ~ 100 ft in an open-air office ! -RRB- . My guess is that Linksys has nailed their larger WIFI products , but has not maintained good quality control on their smaller WIFI offerings.By the way , I have NO interoperability problems with my Netgear + Linksys wireless network .
 I purchased the WUSB11 2.5 and WPC11 2.5 on March 8th to connect a desktop XP Pro computer -LRB- containing an internal DSL modem -RRB- with a notebook XP Home computer . It is now April 3 , and I have done almost nothing in the last three weeks except fuss with this little network . When it works , it works beautifully , but the problem is that the system is unstable , rarely working for more than 15 minutes at a time , and nothing -- no parameter changes -- have solved that problem . I have downloaded just about every technical article on setting up networks and bought at least three books , including the Microsoft certification manual on XP networking . Trying to adjust network settings by trial and error is just about impossible ; there are too many possible combinations of settings . Correspondence with the LinkSys tech advisor by email was courteous and more or less prompt . One of his suggestions was to turn off the internet firewall , which I did , to no avail . The final suggestion was to buy an external DSL modem and a router instead , but this would have required a month 's delay with no DSL and extra monthly expenses . In the meantime , Linksys had come out with an updated PC11 , v3 .0 , with a new chipset , so I bought that -- no help , same instability . Finally , I tried the Netgear MA101 USB adapter for the desktop , continuing to use the Linksys PC 2.5 card in my notebook , and lo , everything worked beautifully ! I have run my network now for as long as 24 hours with no glitches . I like the Linksys people , but I have to say that direct comparison , all else being constant , shows that the Netgear USB network adapter -LRB- or its driver -RRB- , at the same price , is superior .
 Beware - version 4 is not compatible with TIVO . I did n't bother to read the reviews before I ordered so now have a paperweight . Several others have pointed out that this item will not work with TIVO
 After struggling with the installation setup for a day and waiting for the Technical support , I finally went on the Linksys support website via my wired LAN connection . The Knowledge database indicated that this device has some technical issues with XP and requires `` try and error '' . I have another XP at home with D-Link PCI wireless adapter and it is working just fine . So I decided to not spend more time to troubleshoot this one anymore and return the adapter instead .
 Despite TIVO 's recommendation of this wireless adapter , they do n't support version 2.8 -LRB- which is apparently the latest version -- and the one that was delivered from Amazon -RRB- . The TIVO software wo n't recognize it for whatever reason.The one I ordered previously -LRB- version 2.6 -RRB- works great .
 I 'm not a novice when it comes to computers , so I was relieved to see that others had the same problems . Despite Linksys claims to the contrary - the XP drivers they supply do not work -LRB- at least not for me or the others on this review page -RRB- . What was very disappointing was the documentation for the product -LRB- the troubleshooting section has words in it - however the words are not related to troubleshooting -RRB- . Also phone support was terrible . I waited over 1/2 hour two nights in a row before giving up . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I could not get this to work on a PIII with Windows 98 SE . The call to linksys tech support was very dissapointing . The person was very inexperianced . To get to a Level II tech you have to waste at least 30-40 minutes first.I was told there is a problem on Windows 98 SE with the USB . I 've never had a problem with other USB device.Buyers beware ...
 I got a couple of these along with a Linksys router . It was a bit of a pain to get everything going - more than I expected . But it all seemed to work OK . But over time , one of my machines consistently had slow internet response . I checked and was getting dropped packets . The that worked OK was one room away through a wallboard and 2x4 's wall - about 10 feet . The one that did n't work was a couple walls and a plywood floor away - about 18 feet . I finally replaced it with a PCI-based card which is working fine . I can only guess that the USB-powered WUSB11 just does n't have enough power . It was unacceptable at a pretty short distance . I 'm continuing to use the other one OK .
 Bought this product about 3 months ago . I got it to work for about a week . It worked on Win2K and XP , on laptops and PCs . Then one day it started having problems communicating with my wireless router . Keep in mind , I have a top of the line WRT54G -LRB- 802.11 b/g -RRB- Linksys Wireless router . So you would think it would certainly be compatible with the same brand Linksys WUSB11 802.11 b. Well maybe , but it has n't made up it 's mind yet . I am getting `` ca n't associate with access point '' in the WLAN `` Moniter '' software , despite having no WEP encryption and SSID broadcast enabled on the WRT54G . The WRT54G router is squawking all default settings and NO WEP -LRB- yet -RRB- , and the WUSB11 is set up to accept everything just as the WRT54G broadcasts it ... BUT ... All I get now is `` can not associate with access point '' message in the WLAN `` Moniter '' . It would appear to me that since the WRT54G can communicate with any other wireless device I have , that the WUSB11 has decided it 's not talking with my router any more , no matter what laptop or PC it 's installed on . It is so frustrating because the WUSB11 will see my wireless home network/SSID just fine -LRB- considering it 's only 10-20 feet away in my apartment at any given time it should work darnit ! -RRB- - even after I hit Refresh in the `` moniter '' console several times . It 's when I hit `` Connect '' that I get the fateful `` can not associate with access point '' again . Hmmmm ... . Linksys also spelled `` Moniter '' incorrectly by the way , not like I care so much about that though . It would appear that this device is prone to unpredictable behavior , especially in the clear absence of any RF interference on the 2.4 band , and given the fact that I can put the WUSB11 device within 5 feet of the WRT54G router - and it STILL wo n't work now . This irritates me to no end because I am a computing and networking professional , so you would think this would n't be a problem for me ... well the joke 's on me , and this device and/or the `` Moniter '' software certainly is far from perfect.LINKSYS , * WHAT * kind of product is this ? Will it ever work again ? It cost me $ 52.00 , please tell me it will ! 1 star for the fact that it worked , for a while . 1 star for the fact that I like the WRT54G router , so I 'll throw that in because I 'm feeling hospitable .
 Bought it for my son 's computer -LRB- home for the winter break from college -RRB- , simply did n't work . Linksys support had nothing to offer , turned out to be defective . Returned it , bought a Netgear USB adapter , plugged it in , and had him online in minutes .
 I purchased a WAP and 2 usb adapters a year ago . It worked fine for windows 98 but on windows xp it has given me nothing but trouble . I updated the drivers and firmware on the wusb11 and have been rewarded with a non-reliable connection . I am waiting for the price to drop on 802.11 a cards and wap to replace these ...
 Bought one of these to add to a relatively complex home network - SMC Barricade router , Linksys wireless router to extend range into other parts of the house , three SMC USB wireless adapters , and a laptop with wireless built in . The Linksys device does n't work on any machine or OS in the house , failing in unique ways with each one . Three emails to support produced no responses , not even a robot `` we got your email . '' Over a half hour on hold when I called ... and then disconnected . It looks cool , but do n't buy it unless looks are , absolutely , everything . Support matters .
 this item isnt compatable if you are looking for it to work with a tivo dvr series 2 . I am not the only person who has had this problem .
 Did not work with XP . Tech help said it was out of warranty , claiming that warranty begins at time of manufacture , not time of sale !!!! Finally spent an hour with another tech -LRB- reluctantly -RRB- , but to no avail . Why is Amazon selling this when it is just throwing your money away ?
 Despite the reviews found here , this device does not work with Xbox 360 . I spent an hour on the phone with the Linksys Tech service people to finally find out that this is not compatible with Xbox 360 .
 This product was recommended to me and I had troubles getting it to work . When I contacted Linksys to get assistance they informed me that this product is out dated and not even being produced any longer . It was a big waste .
 Well , bought it connected it to thee machine . Have linksys router too . Thee DHCP just wouldnt catch on ... Have been trying for thee paast 6 months for thee DHCP to work doesnt work So I am now working on static ips.The tech support is as good as non existant . The max knowledge they do have is if you have pluged in the the aadaaptor right.The neeeetowrk adapor software that comes doesnt eeven show the signaal strength in grpahical representation . . I will never ever buy a linksys product . . Will next time buy from netgear they seem to be the best . The only reason I boughtt the linksys was because it had cisco on it.In the end stay away from IT !!!!!!!!!
 Simply does not work . maybe i could have figured it out , but spending 2 hours with it was enough . I run XP and that may be the problem . support was useless . do n't buy if you have XP and not a lot of time .
 I am not against linksys , but WUSB11 has an issue with XP .
 ... After some research I determined that instead of pulling wires through the walls and playing around with things like that I was going to go the easy way . I found out about wireless networking . I looked into it and discovered that Linksys had the fastest wireless capabilities.Though it was nothing special it could go up to 11 MB/s if the computers were within 100 feet of each other . Further away and the service dramatically declined . But it was easy , just install the software , hook up the components and I was ready . Or so I thought . This begins that drama play titled `` Norwaynick vs. the wireless network . '' ... I was very eager to get it home and set it up . I sat down in front of the computer and opened the packages.Inside I found instructions and the products . First I read the instructions to set up the access point . The access point was what was supposed to send out the signals to the little stations which would be at every computer . From the beginning my experience was poor . The instructions were very difficult to follow despite the fact I know quite a bit about computers.When I did get the access point installed and hooked up I went on to the little `` stations '' or wireless USB network adapters . I had to install all of these , which were also difficult to follow and then plug them in.Finally , a few hours later everything was done , or so I thought . I went to try it out on the computer that powered the access point first . Success ! It worked and the speed was just as usual , although here the access point and station were just a foot apart but it made me very hopeful.On to the next station . I went to my next computer . No signal . The signal was not being received and when it was it was only 10 % . It needed atleast 80 % to work properly . The same thing followed on all the rest . I was so unhappy . All of the computers were easily within 100 feet of the access point and according to the box the signal could stretch to 1500 feet . So what was the problem.I went back to the one that did work and after a little inspection I uncovered an very disappointing fact . The wireless was not working there . Instead the cable wire was going from the cable modem , into the access point and then to the computer , by the USB wire that was supposed to configure the access point to that computer . If I unplugged the USB network adapter -LRB- or the little station -RRB- everything still worked fine because I was sending it to the computer via wire . ... Moral of the story . Do n't go wireless with networking yet . Everything else might be wireless but this just is n't dependable . I would never recommend using this to anyone so save yourself the hours and money and either put in the ethernet wires or hire someone to do it.PS
 Do not buy anything from 3B Tech . They will not accept returns for any reason.Use Newegg or Tiger Direct.I am now stuck with an item I can not use , or re-sell .
 This device was presented as Vista compatible . As per Linksys it will not work on Vista 64 Bit and unless it is the correct version , it will not work on any Vista product
 Have 6 of these -LRB- all v4 -RRB- , not a single one installed on post sp2 windows xp without tweaking . Their support ? Dear god , completely useless.Why is it so hard to release a product with working drivers ? Really ... Just because there is a workaround , that does n't excuse Linksys for releasing a shoddy product.Drivers on the website were an older version than what came on the CD . Go Linksys !
 If you want to spend three hours of utter frustration this is the system to buy . The tech 's at Linksys did their best , but to no avail . After three hours he said , `` I am sorry , you will have to ship them back . `` I bought , brand new from Amazon.com , three of these Wireless USB Network Adapters for three computer . None of these Wireless Adapters were recognized by two computers . I have three Dell computers , one running WP 98 SE and two , one a laptop the other a desktop , which are running Windows XP Professional . Both of these Window programs have addressed other USB hardware , but not this one . I think there is a severe flaw in this USB ...
 I spend 6 hours speaking with the folks at Linksys , trying to get the adapter to work on a new Dell system running XP . Nothing worked .
 I ordered this to use with Tivo . Ordered it without the start up cd . Was told all I had to do was go to Cisco and download the driver . I did all that and still could n't get it to connect . So maybe this is a good product . Only for me it 's not so great
 BUYER BEWARE >> >> > This is such a junk . Do not waste yout money on this item . This did not work . Of all the items I have ever purchased on AMAZON this is the absolute worst
 Not a good product , used it for a year only get 2 bars , end up I bought the Alfa AWUS036H . I got 4-5 bars !
 Let me start by saying that I have the version 2.2 of this device , so hopefully the later versions fixed some serious problems.This device works , some of the time . I used it about 30 feet from a Linksys WAP11 device , and it gave me 100 % signal strength . Throughout the day , that signal strength would jump radically from 100 % to 10 % to 0 % to 50 % . It is extremely flakey , and very very frustrating.I replaced it with a Linksys WET11 device which has a bigger antenna , and so far has worked like a charm 100 % of the time . I am in love with the WET11 . It 's one-time configuration can be daunting to the layman , but once configured , you can connect it to any ethernet equipped device , and not need any other drivers.Do not get the WUSB11 if you can afford the WET11 .
 Marketed as working with XP . Ca n't disable SSID broadcast on the router because it wo n't be able to see the router any longer . Ca n't use the Linksys application to fix this because MS does n't want you too , and MS Zero Configuration does n't work with full function . So in what way is it XP compatible ... should say 90 % XP compatible.That aside I 've never had it up and running for more than a few weeks at a time without total meltdown and reinstall.I 'm going to wires ...
 I 've been a fan of Linksys products but the last two adapters have sent me to DLink . This product wont work with any of my computers . Spent an hour on the phone with Linksys ' poor tech support . Ended the call after the 1st hour and decided to return it . Not sure what happened at Linksys but I bought a CF11 and USB11 and both were dead out of the box . Chose Dlink as a replacement for both and had no real problem and their tech support is much better than the Linksys.Don ' t buy Linksys .
 It was not in a box as I expected a new product to be . No supporting printed material at all.It did not work . I need to return it .
 As someone else mentions , this V. 4 Adapter is NOT compatible with Tivo . Yet , Amazon links you to this when you buy a Tivo from them . It 's not a huge leap to think they 'd be compatible . Worse yet , you ca n't find in the online info that this IS V. 4 and ca n't link to some new or used earlier versions that are compatible .
 Even though the Spec 's posted by Amazon states it works with Windown 98 be aware that Linksys Ver . 4 will only work with Windows 98SE and above -LRB- Per Linksys Tech Support -RRB- . Linksys Ver . 2.6 and earler work with Windows 98 1st edition -LRB- 4.10 -RRB- and above.Amazon is only shipping WUSB11 's with Version 4.0 This device also will not work with Tivo series 2 .
 Linksys somehow broke compatibility with TiVo with this current version of the WUSB11 . TiVo says and discussion boards confirm TiVo just does n't work with this product because TiVo supports only the older 2.6 version ; Amazon -LRB- and most everybody else -RRB- sells the ver 2.8 . What a shame .
 This adapter is the most frustrating piece of hardware I 've ever come across ! Beware when using with WinXP ... very touchy ! Sometimes it works perfectly . Other times it wo n't connect to the Internet even though it is receiving a perfect signal from the router , which is also Linksys . My Netgear card that I use in my laptop has always worked fine and was cheaper than this lightweight piece of plastic . I would recommend passing on this unless you do n't mind spending hours browsing the Linksys website trying to solve your XP compatibility issues . Ack !
 The WUSB11 Adapter will not work with Windows XP . The computer will not recognize the hardware . When I tried to load the drivers I received an error message that the drivers were incompatable and damage could result from loading them . This is in spite of the adapter documentation saying that it is compatable with XP . If you have XP do n't buy the adapter . I plan to return mine .
 Works great , just drops connection about once every 15minutes . It re-connects , but takes a few minutes to do it . I 've tried new drivers , and multiple machines . XP just does n't seem to like it.Jason
 I bought a WUSB11 ver . 2.4 used on eBay . This was for a new HP Pavilion a550E -LRB- with 64-bit CPU -RRB- desktop , running Windows XP Home edition . The pre-existing set-up was
 I was attempting to set up a desktop comptuer running Windows XP in a room separate from my office . I originally bought the Linksys PCI adapter and it never installed properly . After 6 hours on the phone with text support and 2 PCI units , I was recommended to try this unit by a sales person at the store . I brought this home and installed it . It was very simple to install and detected my router . However , it would not connect to my router . After another 3 hour with text support -LRB- who were clueless people and had very poor customer service -RRB- with this unit , I decided to return the WUSB11 and decided that maybe wireless was not going to work with this particular computer and decide to go with the Netgear XE102 Powerline Adapter . Which , I highly recommend if you are setting up a desktop or a computer that does not need to be mobile . Linksys puts out poor products and equally poor customer service . I will never buy another Linksys product if I do not have to .
 Linksys is a famous company in the network world . They have good routers , good wireless pc cards , but . . This product is a very good choice if you want to use it with windows 2000 , me , or so . If you have Xp or 2003 server on your computer , then you got a problem . This product is born to be incompatible with windows xp . I bought this product recently and it used to work fine with my Windows ME . Last week , I upgraded my system to xp , and my problems started to show up ! This product shuts down the whole network down . I had to turn off my Netgear router and restart it again in order to get any kind of connection ! I did it over 20 times.I thought My router was something wrong with it so I replaced it with Microsoft 's one . But the problem still remains . So I changed this one , and my network is working like a charm . Be ware ! If you have Linux or Solaris on your machine , look somewhere else . This product is good -LRB- ? -RRB- if you have win2000 or Me . If You are Using Windows Xp or Linux or Mac OS you better forget about this one , and buy a more flexible one ! I personally recommend Microsoft Product Mn100 and so for Windows users .
 I recently bought a new high end PC system and installed the Linksys WUSB11 wireless adapter.Occassionally my system would freeze completely mostly when I loaded it with intensive disk tasks like combining defragmenting with copying data . At first I suspected outdated drivers and the like , but after almost two weeks of updating , trying and testing I figured out that the system crashes only when the Linksys is attached to the USB port . When I disconnect it my PC becomes 100 % stable . I believe these crashes are more frequent when the signal available to the Linksys is in the medium to low range -LRB- i.e. when it tries to establish or re-establish connections -RRB- . Ever since I removed the Linksys WUSB11 my system has been stable as a rock . So I 'd advise people to look at other vendors ' solutions like Netgear.The silver lining
 Just received my USB adapter and it is dead straight out of the box on March 15th . Also tried it on 3 PC 's and I am also an IT network administrator . No luck with Windows ME , XP Home and XP Pro . It is a shame as I have several other Linksys products and they all work great ...
 I purchased the WUSB11 -LRB- ver . 2.5 -RRB- to replace my WUSB11 -LRB- ver . 1 -RRB- which was released only months earlier . Linksys admitted that version one would not work with my WAP11 -LRB- ver . 1 -RRB- access point and Windows XP.I just upgraded to the latest driver and firmware which has left me unable to receive any packets . I am left wondering if I will need to replace my WAP11 access point with one of the other hardware revisions recently released.Based upon how many hardware , firmware , and software revisions that these products have undergone in the last year , building a reliable Linksys wireless network can be an expensive and tiring project .
 I set up a network of 4 pcs with the Linksys router . Of the three of these cards I 've tried , only one works . The one that works , works great and could n't have been simpler to install . I returned the defective one and got another defective one in replacement . I called Linksys tech support - tech said I just had bad luck in getting two bad cards - maybe I got an older version of the same model number ... not a great response .
 I bought this to add to my current 802.11 b network . I have advanced technical knowledge , saint like patience when it comes to troubleshooting small office/home networks , and provide technical support as part of my job.My current Trendware PCMCIA card took 5 minutes to install - including the 128 bit WEP encryption - and has been running smoothly for over one year . I wanted to expand my wireless network and bought the WUSB11.I spent over 2 hours -LRB- my saint like patience -RRB- trying to get this WUSB11 to connect to my existing network without success . I then called Linksys tech support -LRB- the only thing good I can say is they provide 24 hour a day tech support -RRB- . After one hour they told me my router was the problem -LRB- US Robotics 802.11 b -RRB- - yeah right.I took the Linksys back to Best Buy , exchanged it for the Microsoft MN-510 -LRB- USB -RRB- . I was up and running in ** 5 minutes ** . If you do n't have a Linksys Wireless Access Point/Router , I would n't touch their products .
 I grudgingly use Linksys Instant Wireless series products for my wireless b/g network . This adapter worked fine on my Dell Inspiron laptop running Me , but that was not the computer I purchased it for . The whole point of a USB adapter is to be able to easily move from one machine to another . With different operating systems and this adapter , that is impossible . And Linksys ' `` tech support , '' do n't even get me started on that nightmare ...
 The Linksys WUSB11 USB wireless adapter does NOT work if you turn off SSID broadcast at the wireless access point -LRB- WAP -RRB- . Turning off SSID broadcast , although not the only security measure one should take with wireless , is PART of our security requirements . When I did broadcast the SSID , the WUSB11 worked just fine . BUT this is not allowed in my environment . Over several days , I spent about 5 hours with tech support on the phone . I also reverted to email -LRB- which takes them a day or longer to respond - one email per day only , even though I email them back within minutes of their email -RRB- . One tech said it was a `` known issue '' and I should wait for a driver/firmware update . Another tech said the unit was not defective and I somehow did not understand how to configure it -LRB- I 've been in the IT profession for over 18 years and have configured wireless equipment -RRB- . Another tech said that it should work , but none of her solutions helped . Finally , tech support said their solution was for me to sacrifice my network security and broadcast the SSID . They blamed Windows Zero Configuration utility in Windows XP - and said that any product that uses Windows Zero Configuration utility in XP will not work if you do n't broadcast the SSID . Well - THAT JUST NOT TRUE ! Read on ... After much frustation and wasted time , I finally sent the WUSB11 back for a refund and purchased an OriNOCO USB Client Gold -LRB- Gold = 128 WEP encryption -RRB- . It worked flawlessly without my WAP having to broadcast the SSID - just like I needed ! Needless to say , it 's been a mixed bag with Linksys . Their Routers and WAPs seem to work just fine . Their WPC11 wireless PC card also works just fine . But their WPS11 print server was DOA and I returned that too after hours of wasted time with tech support . Speaking of tech support , they are generally non-helpful and rude about 85 % of the time . They often seem to not really care to try to understand the needs of the customer . Once , I asked that my incident be escalated to level 2 support . I was told that their level 2 support is through email . When I asked to speak to his supervisor , he flatly refused and told me to send email to tech support . In another incident , I sent my complaints to their customer service on their web site . That was over 10 days ago and I have yet to receive a response . Obviously Linksys just does n't seem to care much for the customer . STAY CLEAR OF LINKSYS PRODUCTS AND THEIR TERRIBLE TECH SUPPORT ! They 're inexpensive and look really nice , but that 's about it . I WILL NOW USE AND RECOMMEND ORINOCO products and suggest you consider them too .
 While in the process of setting up my second Linksys wireless network , I ran into problems connecting my wireless pc to the internet . My first network set up had been a piece of cake with excellent Linksys ' clear instructions and no need to call for help . But this was my first time using the wireless adapter . After a 20 minute wait to talk to someone , I spent the next two hours with the `` helper '' going through routines that even I knew made no sense . Not once , not twice , but 10 times we tried the same thing until I finally said enough . I knew it was a simple problem , something I was overlooking , but this `` helper '' would n't listen . Finally she said my adapter driver was defective and she would email me an upgrade . It took 4 days of waiting until I realized that I had been kissed off . Today , after a 30 minute wait I got someone at the help desk who quickly undid all the convoluted configurations the first one had set up , and we realized that I had to uninstall the firewall , not merely disable it . Now it works fine . The product is great , but do n't rely on Linksys tech support if you ca n't get it going yourself .
 I purchased this adaptor and the Linksys PC card to set up a peer-to-peer network between a notebook and a desktop . After several days I gave up . I was never able to make the connection . Technical support would only tell me if I had the configuration set up properly , but stopped short of helping make a network connection . Following the suggestion from some of the other reviews I read , I returned the PC card for a Netgear card and tried to make the connection with the Linksys USB adaptor . Still , no success . I ended up returning both Linksys devises and purchased like Netgear hardware . The connection was made almost immediately and I have been happy with the network since .
 I received my my wireless USB network adapter , Linksys WUSB11 ver . 2.6 , from Amazon.com a week ago and spent many hours to get it working .1 . The adapter comes with a USB cable , which has a `` To USB Adapter '' label at one end of the cable . After installed the adapter software , I connected that end to the wireless adapter and the other end to my computer . The adapter 's Power LED lighted up , but my computer can not detect the new device . Before I gave up this defect product , I reversed the cable connection to make my computer to recognize it .2 . Encryption WEP with 64 bits does not work . Under this encryption scheme , DHCP gets wrong IP configuration . I had to use either no encryption or 128-bit encryption .3 . Software installation is straightforward and easy . The graphical user interface looks nice though . That worths one star .4 . I have spent enough time with this Linksys product which should be classified as a defect . I will not buy any Linksys product again .
 I got online with customer support and was told based on my system -LRB- win98 -RRB- on an older pc I needed this adapter . I got it here and could not get it to work , tried calling for days . . all times of the day to reach customer support . . never an answer -LRB- lots of automated stuff -RRB- Wound up using it on a laptop instead , it gets really crummy reception even in the same room as the router . Loses signal frequently during gaming . I 'm going back to wally worlds belkin . If you get an 'N' . . it works great , they just have to be replaced about once a year from burnout .
 I have 4 computers networked and only the Mac with an airportcard will work with the WAP , very disappointed with the linksysadapters ability to work with the XP operating system . I show nosignal at all to the adapter card , yet the Mac works fine with the WAP . I finally wired two up directly and will probably have to spend more money to purchase a pci card . The instructions wereof no help , the website drivers and filmware did n't work , the phone call to the helpline was a long call without a solution . Iam not down on Linksys their router and WAP are working great , but they ca n't seem to make XP wireless at least with this adapter . I only hope that the PCI card works . Next time I will read the reviews before I purchase .
 HP 's `` total care '' service is a fraud . I bought a HP a1630n multimedia PC Oct 2006 . For the past 2 1/2 months , it has been inoperable . It started fairly typically -- corrupted windows files , operating system will not reformat as needed , multiple crashes , freezes , etc. . But nothing has fixed the problem . At HP 's direction I underwent 4 destructive recoveries in December alone . The last one wiped out the operating system but would reinstall nothing . They promised to send me recovery discs overnight but took 3 weeks . When I finally got them , they did n't work either . Took it in for repair . Sent back , tried it again , same problem . Asked me to do another destructive recovery , left me with an unformatted PC once again . They now are making me send it in for repair AGAIN.You would think after over two months of doing everything they asked , and having it not work , HP would give me a replacement PC . But no.The worst thing is that they have NO ACCOUNTABILITY . The woman in quality control handling my case , I am told , is my final resort . Her supervisor WILL NOT TALK TO CUSTOMERS . I was told my only recourse is `` to write the CEO of HP . '' No matter who I managed to get hold of , I was given this answer.I will never buy HP again .
 Anybody thinks the PC is less expensive and a good bargain . For me the biggest investment is your time , not your money . I want to give this product rate 0 start , which is not available.I could not agree more with the review by D.Alejandro . Same things happened to me . Seems it is not an isolated case . I first ordered A1610N , several days after I got it , screen became only dotted lines . Did several recoveries , no luck , had to return to HP . Thought it was only an isolated case , ordered an A1650 . Arrived in Jan. . It ran good for several days , then no boot . Had to do recovery three times , it always ran good for several days , then the PC just went on strike , no boot , blank screen nothing . Have to ship it to repair center . Not sure whether they can fix it or not . Just consider the hassel and long hours you spent on this junk . Called tech support , really could not help you in anyway , except thank you for holding the line . Do n't know how HP claims it s customer service is one of the best.Today 's HP is no longer the old HP you used to know . I was a loyal customer , my old HP brio PC ran several years without a single problem . Today HP cuts corners to become price competitive . I do n't care whether the PC is made in Mexico , or the support call center in india as long as it can provide quality services and products . Clearly HP can not do it . I should have given Dell a serious consideration . NO HP products any more !
 I have had nothing but problems with this tower . Tech support is garbage . After wrestling with the preinstalled OS I finaly blew the drive and installed Windows XP -LRB- non media -RRB- addition . At present time the PC has no sound the eitheret port that came with the PC does not work . I instaled an after market PCI eithernet card and can at least surf the net . i will never buy another HP tower . I have wasted hours with thier coutomer `` service '' . Another company that bases tech support somewhere in asia . Steer clear of HP . Build your own tower or go with Dell or gateway .
 HP tech support does not understand basic English . I have wasted dozens of hours trying to get OS cd 's to use for the replaced Hard drive . Computer was purchased 11/2006 , and has been unusable for last month . Tech support denies problems , lies about status , is completely incompetent.Oh - and , guess what ! HP is * out of stock * of it 's own OS cd 's . No estimate of when they will get more !! This was a complete waste of money . I will buy a Dell now , and paying 3 times more would be a bargain compared to this .
 I bought this computer just before Vista -- did n't get the Vista update ... Had problems with it crashing -- I liked the media center -- However after SP3 came out it crashed my computer big time -- HP came out with a fix that has to be put on before downloading.a1610n had an AMD processor and SP3 will mess it up -- My Samsung hard drive is totally destroyed and I will get a new computer without an AMD processor due to SP3
 I 've owned my Pavillion a1610n Media Center edition for about 2 years now , but have only actively used it for about 1 year total . In that time I 've had to do a destructive reformat 3 times . Then after installing Windows Service Pack 3 it completely stopped working . Somehow the entire OS on the secondary drive was deleted so I was unable to reformat my hard drive . I paid HP to send me OS disks . The drive would not read the disks . Called HP again , they were suppose to send me new OS disks ... it 's been almost 2 months and I still have n't gotten them . I 'm pretty upset with the whole thing . Now I wonder if I should just buy a new hard drive instead of a whole new system .
 A Dish 1000 PLUS looks at orbital locations 110 , 119 , and 118.7 . This image is NOT of a Dish 1000 PLUS , neither is the description of a Dish 1000 PLUS . But the title reads `` Dish 1000 + '' . Just a heads up . I would call this dish a straight Dish 1000 . Not a 1000.2 or a 1000.4 mind you . If they took off the '' + '' from the title , all would be well .
 These cartridges were advertised to work on Epson Stylus CX5400 , but do not work in my printer . I am returning package .
 The ink cartridges I received are not compatible with my printer even though the product description states that it is compatible with an Epson Sylus 82 .
 At a first glance , this is a good mouse just because it 's wireless and optical . It 's comfortable , and the scroll wheel is just smooth enough . Unfortunately , it has one big problem which forced me to return the mouse and exchange it for the far super Logitech MX700 mouse . The problem is this
 This mouse is nice and comfortable , the scroll wheel is smooth and thats about all that is good . The mouse falls asleep like the other reviewers said and it is extremely annoying to try to get it to wake up every five seconds . I just bought a Wireless Logitech mouse for my laptop and have tried my friends Logitech mouse and they are both smooth and dont fall asleep . You move it and they move right away . With this IBM you have to click and click and wait then it decides to wake up . Horrible .
 As has been discussed in other reviews , that `` fall asleep '' attribute is extremely annoying . Sometimes you feel like you need to slam it against the wall to wake the blasted thing back up . I returned mine for a refund.I suppose it 's a `` feature '' to preserve battery life . I think I can afford to buy a few more batteries , thank you . If the manufacturers really want this `` feature , '' then they should have provided a mechanism that allows the user to configure it . E.g. , `` go to sleep '' after 15 minutes of inactivity instead of 2 . I should add that the software package that comes with it has problems as well . In particular , there 's a `` sonar '' feature that locates the mouse pointer for you when you press the `` Ctrl '' key . Unfortunately , this feature `` breaks '' too easily , especially if you try it after the mouse has `` gone to sleep . '' Then it wo n't work again until after a reboot . -LRB- My system is Win98 1st Edition ; obviously your mileage may vary on other versions of Windows . -RRB-
 It 's much bigger than I expected ... and worse , it does n't use a small USB wireless connection - it uses one of those bulky desktop wireless connections . UGGG ... . Stay away !
 I installed an IBM Optical Wireless Mouse on my work pc . It seemed to work just fine until I noticed that it kept losing the Medium acceleration setting . Every few minutes the mouse started to move very slowly . To get it across the screen I had to pick it up and stroke it across a portion of my desk several times . Every time this happened I went into the mouse setup dialog and found that the acceleration had changed from Medium to None . If I re-selected Medium the mouse worked normally until the next incident . This interval of good acceleration varied from several minutes to over an hour.When I called the Mouse 's Tech Support the Tech said `` Oh , that mouse does n't support acceleration because it runs at such a high frequency '' . How do you like that double-talk to excuse a piece of junk ?! I made the mistake of buying 2 of these lousy mice . The other one I installed on my home pc and the acceleration worked fine . This mouse was installed in a PS/2 port under Windows 2000 . This machine runs 2 operating systems . When I tried to install the mouse 's driver under Windows 98 the install routine abended . Once this happened Win98 stopped recognizing the mouse . I tried to uninstall the driver but Win98 did not seem to know anything about the driver . I switched to a plain wired un-optical PS/2 mouse and Win98 did not recognize that mouse either . When I booted Win2K it locked up on the sign-on screen and would not recognize the keyboard or the mouse . When I forced Win2K into Safe mode it hung up the same way . I finally discovered that the only way to get Win2K to function was to unplug the mouse . At this point I went to RadioShack and bought a corded USB mouse and both Win2K and Win98 have been working ever since.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THAT ANYONE PURCHASE AN IBM WIRELESS OPTICAL MOUSE !
 I bought this TV and returned it a week later , because it blurred so badly with motion that sports were unwatchable . I ended up buying a smaller Sony XBR4 , and I have none of the issues -LRB- plus the picture is far , far better -RRB- . This has nothing to do with 60 vs 120Hz . That is more important for DVDs and Blu-Ray signals that are 24fps -LRB- which does n't divide evenly into 60 but does for 120 -RRB- . The LT52133 has an 8ms response time , which is extremely slow . A decent LCD should be 5 or lower.If you want an LCD , choose speed and quality over size . If you want size and quality but want to spend less , buy a plasma . Do n't buy a big , cheap , slow LCD!I gave it 2 stars because I like the interface and remote .
 I bought the Mitsubishi LT-52133 52 '' LCD a couple of weeks ago thinking I was buying a good leading brand name tv . Not So.I do n't know if it is because the refresh rate is only 60hz , but a lot of the time the picture looks smeared . When someone is talking or when there is a close up of someones face , as they move around it looks like their nose and cheeks ca n't keep up with their movements making the picture look smeared . At times this is really bad and makes it hard to watch the tv at all.I am really disappointed in the picture quality of this tv , and would advise against buying one . I emailed Mitsubishi about this and got no reply .
 After 3 years the bulb went out . Replaced the bulb , worked fine for 2 months and white dots appeared all over the screen . This is a malfunction of the light engine and costs $ 700 to fix . After the `` fix '' I ca n't get the stupid thing to work because it keeps saying the brand new lamp is out . The lamp is fine , there is just something wrong with it thinking it 's out . A tv should n't be going out after 3 years , how ridiculous . Look all over the Internet , this is a * very * common complaint - these tv 's just do n't last . This is an expensive piece of garbage .
 Although Mitsubish may be ranked highly , they fail miserably in the customer service dept. Light engine went out on TV . It has been four months and still not repaired yet . Over the last three weeks I have called Mitsubishi Consumer Relations 3-4 times a day to try to get an answer . Sometimes they will transfer your call to ` Level 2 ' Consumer Relations , at times they refuse . Their response is always ` part will be shipped in 7-10 business days ' . Four months later it is still the same excuse.Highly disappointed in Mitsubishi . What really upsets me is that the TV is for my elderly mother who is confined to the house and this wonderful product of theirs has been sitting in the living room inoperable for four months . There was no offer to replace the TV . This is how they treat their customers and the elderly . Will never buy Mitsubishi product again.Also , the menu is not user friendly . Sony is much better .
 I purchased this mouse . I installed it and noticed the mouse pointer would move suddenly all around the screen . I looked the problem up at the Microsoft sight and they gave me a page of about 35 registry changes which I had to make to try to correct . The changes had to be made after you un-installed the driver , hence you had to work with out a mouse . What a major ordeal . Many other people had the same problem . The fix they gave me did not work . I just bought a logitect laser mouse . Microsoft needs to get their act together on this mouse . I can not recommed it to anyone .
 I purchased this on Amazon as a replacement to the Logitech mouse that came with my PC when it started acting up after four years . I use the PC at home for email , writing letters and using spreadsheets . The scroll wheel has to be smooth and consistent whether moving up or down on the screen . This scroll wheel felt so bumpy and uneven , it was like driving on a pothole ladden road . And often , the wheel would get stuck , especially when moving it forward -LRB- to scroll back up on a page -RRB- . Adjusting the software settings did n't help . It was a mechanical issue . Perhaps it was just this one but I really needed a mouse ASAP . So I went to Staples and tried several in person and came home with the MicroSoft WheelMouse Optical at about one third less cost and it is great.The Intellimouse mouse may be great for gaming , but forget it for regular PC use . By the way , the two side buttons on the left were also very cheapish and there was just too much play in them . Again , perhaps it was just a defective unit.On a positive note , the dimensions of the mouse were very comfortable for my large hands . Although , my wife said it was too big for hers , but she could live with it , except for the scroll wheel . Probably better to try these things in person.Kudos to Amazon for their return policy . They are great !
 I purchased this mouse to replace a dying Logitech mx518 gaming mouse . After carefully reviewing the features I decided to go with the Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 since it seemed to have all the same features as the mx518 and was about half the price . Well the old addage you get what you pay for certainly held true.First of all this mouse is awkward - its awkward in the hand and you have to scrunch your palm and fingers well forward on the body of the mouse to have your fingers comfortable on the side buttons and the scroll wheel . If you have very large hands this could actually be a bonus for you , but for an average to small hand like mine its very inconvenient and uncomfortable . Secondly even with the mouse speed/sensitivity cranked all the way up to full I found that I either had to make * huge * sweeping movements that ran off the edge of the mousepad and out onto the table , or I had to physically lift my mouse up and move it over in mid-scroll to get it all the way across the horizontal or vertical lengths of my screen . That 's just not acceptable . This mouse was back in its box with a return label on it within 15 minutes . Do not go cheap and buy this mouse you will regret it .
 This mouse was great for about a year , then the left click button wore out , and started to double click every time I clicked once . Searching the web I was surprised to find this was common , as I 've never had a mouse wear out before ... Overall very disappointed in this mouse 's durability , and will stay clear in the future .
 Now my primary L click is having issues . This was 20 minutes ago that I replaced it with another mouse that I had laying around . No more L click issues post change . I bought this in March of 2011 hoping for long term , I suppose 18 months is long term , maybe . 200 L clicks a day -LRB- estimate average -RRB- x 545 days -LRB- roughly -RRB- = approximately 110000 clicks . Read other reviews saying the same time frame , year and a half before issues .
 Unfortunately my Razor DeathAdder broke not that long ago and I needed a new mouse quickly . I have been short on money lately so I needed a mouse that was affordable . This mouse was only 25-30 $ and looked like a decent enough mouse for the price so I bought it.Pros : Affordable . If you need a mouse quickly and you do n't have a lot of money this is a decent choice . The left and right clicks are easy to click and I liked the overall shape and feel of the mouse.Cons : Low sensitivity . Do n't buy this mouse if you like to have fairly high sensitivity . I knew it was going to be low but not this low . I had to go into the system setting and change the mouse speeds because the in game changes did little.Flimsy buttons . This is the big problem with the mouse . Almost all of the buttons feel like they are attached with tape . None of the buttons are firm accept for the mouse wheel that is too firm . All the buttons have wiggle room . Sense the mouse is a slick plastic your fingers tend to stick just enough that you slightly lift the right and left click button up every time you let go.All of the above I could deal with for 25 $ . But this last problem was the worst . The right click failed . I do n't use a claw grip so I click the buttons with my finger tips and near the tip of the buttons . The right click failed to where I could only right click at the top of the button . So I had to adapt my clicking to using my whole finger to click the button.Over all : I do n't recommend this product . This is the first in-expensive mouse I 've bought and I wish I would have done more research and bought a more reliable mouse like I had in the past . Mouse has a poor design making it very easy to break.I highly recommend saving up and buying a high quality mouse such as the logitech g9x . Best mouse on the market by long shot currently .
 Do n't buy this mouse if you are a gamer . It 's failing after 2 months of use . I think it is the cord , it keeps turning off and that is not good when you are trying to survive in a bg 8P .
 The original Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 was a great mouse I used it for 4 years . The old one deserves without doubt 5 stars . This is a 2nd edition manufactured to much lower standards . The mouse wheel is very loude inprecise and hard to turn . The `` back '' button on the side gives no feedback you never know when you pressed it . Sometimes it does not respond at all.I returned this mouse and got the Logitech MX 518 , also a older designe but manufactured today to the same high quality as years ago .
 I bought one of these last year to replace the MS Intellimouse Explorer that I had been using since the year 2000 . As is well-known , the new MS Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 has a much clunkier scrollwheel -LRB- that got a little smoother after a few months -RRB- , but was not as nice as the one on the original . The new mouse is also felt smaller in my hands -LRB- not as good -RRB- . After only 9 1/2 months the mouse developed the problem of frequently interpreting a single click as a double click . This is ridiculously frustrating . The mouse is supposed to have a 5 year warrantee but , perhaps not surprisingly , Microsoft does n't appear to want to make it easy to use it . For instance , warranty information did not even come in or appear on the box/package . I decided to just give up on the Microsoft mouse . I just purchased a Logitech G5 -LRB- even though I am not a gamer -RRB- and it seems pretty nice . It too is a little small , but it seems to work well so far . I would NOT recommend the MS Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 .
 This is the 2nd Intellimouse Explorer 3.0 that I 've owned where the left mouse button has stopped working . The first one lasted me about 5 years before breaking . The 2nd one only lasted 30 days!Based on other articles I 've found , it seems the most common problem is that the cord coming out of the front of the mouse gets bent and the connections inside break , causing intermittent left mouse button problems . If this common problem did n't exist , I would recommend this mouse over anything else . Unfortunately , all the ergonomic design and precision in the world is worthless when your mouse stops working !
 First time I bought Microsoft mice and feel like trashing it .1 . Battery last only for 2 to 3 days2.Most of the time it will not sync with the computer3.No drivers or manual from Microsoft web site.I am planning to buy logitech mice ; I will never ever buy Microsoft product any more .
 the mouse itself works fine but it just has a very cheap feel to it , not like my old microsoft mouse . Just feels and looks like cheap plastics , the scroll button feels like its going to fall off plus its noisy ! It squeaks it rattles ... Should of read the most recent reviews as this appears to be the 2nd batch of the original ... a poorly made batch ...
 The buttons are far too sensitive , especially the right mouse button . I also had to move my mouse sensitivity all the way up to get it just close to the proper sensitivity . My previous mouse worked fine with the sensitivity set at 1/4 . The shape of the mouse is great . I would have been very happy with it if it did n't have these two major flaws .
 It looks great here , but if you 've been using theIntelliMouseas long as I have , you 'll be as disappointed as I was when you take it out of the box . But first the good points
 My big con : The scroll detents caused my entire mouse to vibrate each time it passed a ` click ' on the wheel.Pros : The mouse is a very comfortable shape and the material used for the foot pads allows it to glide very smoothly .
 On every scroll wheel mouse I 've ever used , the scroll wheel was smooth , silent and firm . How hard is that to do ? The wheel on this mouse , is loud , rough and wobbly . It feels cheap , it sounds cheap and if scrolls in a cheap manner . This mouse replaces an older 3.0 mouse -LRB- which was great -RRB- , and it is garbage . I ca n't return it because I 've opened it , obviously , but this trend of making everything cheaper and cheaper -LRB- quality , not cost -RRB- , has reached the point of diminishing returns . I will not buy another Microsoft mouse . Stay away from this garbage . 3.0 was good , but no more .
 I ordered this mouse specifically for the flat black rubbery surface pictured and mentioned in the reviews.But the one I got is silvery plastic.No rubber at all.I do not want another one unless it has the right surface , but who can I ask to make sure this happens ? Who ? To be fair , I understand that everyone likes this mouse but I did n't even try it out since I only ordered it for the rubber buttons and it did n't have them.But I can tell you that it is huge . Because it is not cheap I sent it back unopened for a full refund which Amazon were very good about .
 This mouse has some good features
 After using the explorer 3.0 for over a month I discovered a MAJOR FLAW . If you have a tendency when relocating the mouse on the pad -LRB- like when you 've gone all the way to one side of the pad but need the pointer to go over even further -RRB- if you drop the mouse just a little too harshly , I 'm not even talking about hard , it will cause the middle scroll wheel button to activate -LRB- it does n't click but it still activates -RRB- . This matters if you 've reassigned the wheel button to be a certain weapon or some action in a game it will cause the action to happen . I thought I had just abused the mouse so I got new one but it does the same thing . I can not believe nobody else has noticed this issue but I am now sick of this mouse and now need to get something else . I kind of noticed the issue at first but it took me a really long time to realize it was n't me , it was the mouse causing it every time .
 Well the reviews were accurate , I should have not taken a chance on this one . It simply was n't designed well enough . The scroll wheel is very loud , and provides too much resistance . The buttons are all pressed too easily for my taste and the side buttons need to be pressed in really far for them to click.The design of this mouse is there but the basic engineering of it seemed like noone ever tested it . I think that I 'm going to return this one and get the equivalent logitech mx400 although that does n't seem perfect either.What 's the deal with all these new mouses , they ca n't even do the simple stuff well anymore .
 I currently use a Microsoft Intellimouse that I purchased about 4-5 years ago . It is the MOST COMFORTABLE mouse for medium to large sized hands . Bar none . Microsoft kept it sweet and simple and they had a winner ! Why they ever took this mouse off the market , I 'll never understand.After getting a new PC recently , I decided to `` splurge '' and get one of these ultra-ergonomic mice . I looked at the usual suspects
 Bought this to replace an earlier Microsoft wired IntelliMouse Optical that had worked fine for about 8 years . I like the size and shape of this mouse , it fits my big hand just fine . However , there 's a probem with the right mouse button -- I end up right-clicking about 50 times/day when I did n't mean to . This never happened with my old mouse . I 'm going to keep it because it basically works , but something 's wrong with the design , and you may not like it . I 'm not a gamer , just using it for normal desktop use.Updated review , 1 Nov 2010
 This insert is too wide to fit into a Keystone plate ; it is more properly called a QuickPort insert . Also , the so-called `` RJ-11 / RJ-12 '' connector has 8 wires instead of 4 or 6 . It looks more like an RJ-45 connector . And , guess what , it does not fit a telephone modular jack -LRB- RJ-11 -RRB- . As you might guess , it got returned .
 Hi , This is first time I am writing review on internet in my life . My suggesstion is please dont weaste your money and time for this product . I bought this webcam couple of days ago . It looks very attarctive and its features seems very good but when I install all the required softwares and start webcam it gives me `` Initilization error '' . Then I searched Microsoft website and I found that thousands of customer facing this problem and the solution which I saw on Microsoft site is not working at all.Then I called microsoft product support team . They spent 2 hours to fix this error . They took the control of my laptop through netmeeting and tried all the different settings but same error comes.Finally support team advised me to send back this product to Microsoft and they will give your money back.So overall its just weasting your time and money in courier ... PLEASE DO N'T BUY ... ThanksRits
 Provides an ok picture , but it should not be used with laptops.A known bug with this is that the antennas of many laptops are in the top of the display , right where this device clips on.Other devices like logitech - provide some shielding so that the wifi antenna does n't interfere with the audio from the microphone.This microsoft device , however , picks up a tremendous amount of static because of interference from the laptop antenna.Microsoft offered a full refund immediately and stated that this is a known issue .
 they sent back my money because the web site was so stupid they listed the wrong camera i was so dissapointed because i realy was looking forward to gtting the camera it was faulsly advertised
 I splurged and got myself a fancy new camera to replace my old Logitech and should have known better than to buy Microsoft . I 've spent about an hour trying to get it working but I ca n't get any video - mic works fine and the camera thinks it 's working , but all I get is a black screen . Returning it to get a Logitech or Creative . I 'm running XP Pro on an HP with an AMD 3500 + proc .
 This seems like a great idea with an easy to use camera and all that jazz , however ... This is n't great . The installation was simple , just pop a disc into the cd player and follow the directions . After you plug the USB cord in it seems so wonderfully easy , until you have to try and fit it onto your lid . My computer is an Alienware and I never really took notice to the curved and deep lid until this Lifecam would n't stay on . I finally finangled the dang thing so it would stay , but unless you actually have a squared off , 90 degree angle flat lid , it 's not going to stay well.The picure is just a problem . 20 % of the time it worked , the rest was colorful snow . Plus the microphone does n't work unless you are within a foot of it so I would humbly suggest you get a different product . But I must say , having a sliding camera lens to shut it off and turn it on is awesome ... the only awesome thing about it .
 Eventhough this webcam is sold as being certified to work with MicroSoft Vista , it DOES NOT . I ca n't give it any kind of rating for audio , video or ease of use because it never installed properly . I tried all the latest and greatest donwload upgrades and updates from MicroSoft and it still DOES NOT WORK !!!! A nice looking piece of JUNK!Save your money and buy a Logitech .
 i could not get it to work with my vista so i have a piece of junk on my desk
 I do n't know why but this is not working fully with my Skype on my windows computer.I have a mac too but when I try just to use the Camera -LRB- Because MacBook already got microphone inside -RRB- it shut off the Skype in 5 seconds ... So I am not really recommending this product.But the Logistic one ! They do greater job !
 The camera 's software would not install on my laptop that runs Windows Vista . I installed it on another computer with XP , but the camera would not work in Skype due to an `` Unknown Error . '' Installing the latest NX-6000 drivers available online and latest version of Skype did not help . The microphone works well on Skype calls . The camera works fine in a video application that came with it . I have n't yet tried it in any other IM application . The packaging asserts that it is `` compatible with all leading instant messaging software . '' This does not appear to be the case , but maybe I will be able to work it out later . Any ideas ?
 This wo n't even fit a Think Pad X61 notebook ! I use it on a desktop PC -LRB- I had to put velcro on it . What was Microsoft thinking when they designed this ? I did n't install the software since I do n't use Live . I just plugged it in and it works fine .
 I found some minor issues with this WebCam : -LRB- 1 -RRB- I cound not mount it to the top screen cover of my laptop -LRB- an IBM T series -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- The video quality is poor using an older USB 1.1 port . Conclusion
 The camera worked OK , but installation on my non-Vista one-month-old Dell Inspiron 9400 was very difficult . The software installation failed numerous times . Finally , after about eight attempts , I read on a help website to reinstall Logitech cam drivers as I had previously installed a Logitech webcam . That and a download of the Lifecam v. 1.3 software finally did the trick . I used the cam 48 hours before my system started inexplicably crashing with strange error messages . After several hours on the phone with Dell support and allowing them remote access to my computer , they determined the entire Windows O/S had to be reinstalled , and they faulted the cam for all the problems . I can not recommend strongly enough AGAINST buying this webcam .
 I needed a webcam pretty much right away so headed down to best possible and got the unit for $ 100 plus tax . It was probably worth it since I saved myself the shipping for the return.For starters I want to say I am not a Microsoft hater , actually I bought the unit thinking I would get better quality and support . What I found out is that the webcam is pretty useless if you have an IBM Thinkpad since the clip is not adjustable , in fact preventing you from mounting the web cam on your screen display.The install seems complicated , you need to download and install MS Live messenger before proceeding with the actual hardware installation.Based on my findings the NX-6000 is not worth the steep price considering the complex installation and the inability to adjust the clip for a given laptop . However , I am impressed with its posted specifications .
 cam gets terribly hot . Worse picture quality than my $ 5 webcam . Need I say more ?
 It is a horrible product . I bought and i had a lot of problems just installing it . Finally after installing it , the image resolution was horrible so i had to struggle with the webcam until finally i got a good image . After 2 weeks it just stopped working , i red the manuals , went to the microsoft website and tried everything they tell you to do and i could not fixed it . Off course you can call a technician from microsoft but they will charge you 35 dollars.In summary , this is not a good product . Not for this price . I feel i was robbed
 this cam is a piece of junk i have a super thin laptop and the clip is not wide enough
 THE SOFTWARE DOES NOT WORK WITH THE CAMERA AFTER IT IS INSTALLED.THE THE IMAGE COMES AND GOES WITH INTERFERANCE LINES . EVEN AFTER IF WAS UPGRADED TO THE LATEST SOFTWARE UPDATES , IT DID NOT WORK . I BOUGHT TWO AND HAD TO RETURN BOTH OF THESE ITEMS .
 I BOUGHT THIS WEBCAM SO I CAN TALK TO MY FREINDS . I ORDERED IT ON THE 12TH OF LAST MONTH AND I NEVER GOT IT . SO FAR I 'M NOT HAPPY WITH THE MAKER OF THIS PRODUCT . IM A FIRST TIME BUYER WITH THIS COMPANY SO FAR THE FIRTS IMPRESSION WAS N'T A GOOD ONE . ALSO I FOUND OUT THAT THE CAM WAS RETURNED TO THE SELLER . AT LEAST I GOT A RE-FUND . BUT IF I WERE TO BUY THIS CAM AGAIN IT WOULD BE FROM SOME ONE ELS .
 I disagree strongly with the reviews before . My daughter owns a MS Livecam 3000 for much less in price and it beats this one by far . The picture is very smooth yes , BUT the colors are terrible and even manually there is no way to improve it , faces look magenta all over . The two megapixels are for nothing because if you choose anything higher than 800x600 resolution you will get a delay of up to seconds on your screen within the LiveCam program and even with videos captured on your harddisk you can see this effect , so the higher resolution is worth nothing . This is with a brandnew Core2Duo machine 1Gig of mem so it is not the speed of the computer in my view.I would keep the cam if it would be cheaper say in a range of 30 bucks but not for this money .
 This is really a piece of crap , I bought it for my dad , since I was going to be travelling , I wanted to be able to see him when we spoke through skype or MNS . The camera never worked . We installed it , on Windows XP and it was always `` loading '' . Called Microsoft customer service and they could n't help me make it worked . They were supposed to send me a new one however it never arrived . The truth is , I did n't even complain about this because it such a bad expierience I did not want to risk it again . We had to get a new camera -LRB- Genius -RRB- that works perfectly and its extremely easy to use -LRB- plug and play -RRB-
 The picture is great , sound is great -- IF YOU WO N'T BE USING IT FOR FACEBOOK , MYSPACE , YOUTUBE , ETC ETC.This product would not work on any websites -LRB- with a black screen with a multicolored strip of noise on the bottom on the screen -RRB- , but if I opened it up on the regular screen it would work fine . I called the number they had provided in order to trouble shoot it , but all the guy could tell me is that it should be compatible for other sites and that he does not work for Facebook or Myspace so he does n't know why this is happening.If you want to use it for webchatting , it works great otherwise I would n't really suggest this product . Just stick with a Logitech .
 Image is good but microphone has a jackhammer noise , rendering it useless . I only installed it after a few months after purchase or else would have returned it immediately .
 I have never been able to establish a stable connection with this camera . it works great thru its own program , but is very unstable when using Skype . Must always disconnect and reconnect to the computer to get it to work . Sometimes this does not work either . I am using VISTA which may also be the problem , but I have not been able to find anything confirming this . All troubleshooting information on the Microsoft website leads me to pulling the plug out of the computer and reconnecting it . This is very annoying , and as i said before , doesnt always work . However , when it does work the audio and video are fabulous .
 It does not work with Windows Vista , I 'm not even using it . Tried to download updates , there is none available .
 I bought this camera actually two of them for my girlfriend and me . The service was great but what microsoft does not tell you is not to install the software from the cd . My girlfriend ran the cd and crashed her computer and killed her computer 's battery , well i got mine a little late and I had read the reviews about this camera and decided it was a good one . when i finally got mine i ran the cd and it crashed my computer and killed my power adapter . The picture quality is not that great the camera keeps freezing every now and then and sometimes the display -LRB- the video -RRB- flashes green , blue or red . I would not recommend this to anyone as its not worth the trouble it will cause you .
 I bough this webcam for my ID badge bussiness and the quality of the images I get is veeery poor .
 I purchased this webcam thinking microsoft would offer a quality product . My first one had a picture but everyone on Skype complained of a loud , intermittent static noise . The person -LRB- anthembookseller -RRB- sent me a replacement which seemed to be better at first , but produced the same loud static sound followed by intermittent total sound loss . I suspect something is wrong with the wiring in the cord as moving the wire changes sound , noise , and silence . I have multiple usb ports and the results are the same in every port.I 'm giving up on this webcam and will buy the cheap one my son bought at Target which works perfectly .
 I purchased this since it was Vista Certified . Immediately I had to download a new version of software -LRB- 177 MBs -RRB- since there were `` known compatibility issues with Vista '' . This is a Microsoft product running -LRB- or wanting to run -RRB- on a Microsoft operating system . Install hung up trying to install version 1.3 and I have n't been able to reinstall -LRB- need to uninstall before re-installing although it never installed and does n't show up in the Control Panel add or remove program list ... since it never completed the install process . -RRB- This is going to be a huge waste of time to get this either on or off my computer . Why or why did I think a Microsoft product would work on a Microsoft operating system and the fact that the box said it worked with Vista meant anything at all .
 I just bought this just a few minutes ago to take it on my trip . I knew I should n't have trusted Microsoft so I checked and recheked system requirements before buying the Lifecam . It clearly says it is compantible with Vista but actually it is NOT !!! As recommended , I popped in the CD to install the software and the first message that pops us says that Lifecam is NOT compatible with this version of Windows -LRB- I am running Vista Enterprise -RRB- ! Ca n't say i was too disappointed as I was aware of substandard quality of products that Microsoft is now known for . It was really my mistake that I still spent $ 65 for this worthless piece of garbage.Well , I still have to fly out tomorrow and wo n't be able to keep in touch with family . That is disappointing .
 I have tried this camera on three different computers . All of them have 1 GB RAM or more , have at least a 2 GHz processor , and are running Windows XP Professional w / the latest updates . Motion on the camera is incredibly slow and blurry . I have tried multiple screen resolution settings , and I found that the camera is basically unusable at 1024x768 . You have to set your screen resolution to 600x800 in order to get it work , but the camera video is very slow and blurry . I have tried various camera settings , and I have had no luck with those changes . I was hoping I was doing something wrong , as everyone else seems to think this is one of the best cameras on the market , but alas , the camera is not performing well for me .
 The NX-3000 was a better product in my opinion . Poor auto focus and an over all poor performance . I will continue looking for a solid , inexpensive and reliable portable cam .
 This Webcam has great cam hide style that 's why I bought that cam and it 's Microsoft that 's the reason too but I 'm very disappointed with this cam because this cam does n't compatible with SKYPE , FACEBOOK , YAHOO MESSENGER ... ! This cam is supports Google Plus and Nimbuzz Only ... ! Camera has great 2MP picture quality but It 's not supports all Social Media that 's why I 'm so Disappointed ... ! Do n't Buy this if you want to run on skype or facebook or yahoo messenger ... ! This is for Only Google and Nimbuzz .
 You do n't get nearly what you pay for . Nothing on this is as good as you would expect . None of the bells and whistles this home theater in a box -LRB- htib -RRB- promises matter when it ca n't output sound correctly . If you want to just watch TV then you wo n't notice any big problems , but if you put in a dvd , listen to the radio , put in a cd , etc. then you will be annoyed . The speakers give off some kind of rumbling that sounds almost like thunder . At first I thought it might just be the speakers , but I hooked up some other speakers , that to this day work fine with any other audio system , and the same problems occurred . If you think I might just be a ranting idiot . Maybe you can go to Criterion 's website to get more info . Good luck finding it though . I even tried their parent company Tonic , Inc. . Good luck getting anywhere there either . I then tried the old-fashioned telephone approach . Not only is no phone number listed anywhere in their manual , but I even called Circuit City , thinking that they might want to take responsibility for selling such a horrible product , but they could n't even find the companies number in their database . This htib is such a piece that someone would have to pay me use it .
 not enough bass , and the straps to hold it in place do n't work too well
 Ok it came in the mail real nice & then , the mount should be on the outside not the inside . The cords sometimes come out too . U should mount it out of the way . I 've had better things than this thing . Get real and get a battery backup . This is a silly device and not worth the price .
 I 'm sure this model by Tripp Lite is very good at suppressing surges and what nots , but it does very little if any ac line conditioning at all . No noticeable differences were obtained on my television and sat receiver which has some small interference .
 We ordered two of these and one came very obviously water damaged ; the box was still damp . The co-ax connectors and the end screws were corroded from being emersed in water . The other identical item was fine.This is the second electonic item we have ordered that has arrived water damaged.We ordered a Bosch drill earlier this month and it too arrived unusable.We will be returning the damaged surge protector and will seek a replacement .
 All products seem to have good features at a reasonable price , but their customer service is the worst !!! I had 5 different units in my house for computer and home audio use , but I had such a bad experience with filing a claim due to a surge that I threw away all of the units . I replaced them with APS units . So far , no problems . By the way , Tripp Lite customer service does not even have a toll-free phone line . That was my first hint that I was in for a bad experience .
 I have had these for years . I put one next to me at my hearing level . Thus my husband can listen to TV more quietly . For me it is mostly for TV , some music , and occasional movies . It does cut out on some of the old movies -- in the quiet places . There may be better ones out there , but these work for me . Another thing I like is putting them in the kitchen and listening to the news while I am making dinner or doing dishes . It is much clearer then the TV speakers ...
 when watching a movie and you want surround sound you should n't be distracted by the speakers cutting on and off every time the movie goes to one of those silent scenes . i was disappointed by this . not to mention the fact that i was getting static on one of my speakers even though the speaker was only 10 feet away from the antenna and the box said it has a range of up to 300 feet . to redeem this product , at higher volumes it does a pretty good job . you do n't need to worry about tripping over wires . but if you are like me and want great sound at all volumes of the movie buy something else .
 Ive had two of these speaker sets . The power supply failed on the first set . I bought a second set because I could not get a replacement power supply . This set has failed for the same reason . The power supply quite on this set also . Nice system while it works .
 Absolute junk . once you get the drive installed -LRB- for which there are no instructions - the instruction booklet only tells you how to install the drivers for various operating systems that no one has anymore -RRB- , it is VERY difficult to get the computer to recognize it subsequent times . I had to reboot several times each time I want to see my data .
 I bought one of these enclosures , liked it , and later bought two more . Unfortunately , two of them have failed . The first enclosure worked and is still working . The failure of the second enclosure was caused by the fragile and hard-to-insert power connector . The pins bent , so I disconnected the cable from the power supply and straightened the pins . I inserted them into the enclosure , connected the power cable , and found that the drive would not power up . -LRB- Yes , I should have disconnected the cable from the power supply before trying to plug it into the enclosure . -RRB- The third enclosure failed right from the start . I tried to attach the hard drive to the SATA cable attached to the circuit board for the enclosure , but as I did so , the cable and its socked socket detached from the circuit board for the enclosure . Close examination revealed that the socket had not been soldered to the board . In addition , the circuit board in the enclosure is attached to the frame by two small screws . The screws in the third enclosure were poorly attached , so the board came loose.There are two problems with this enclosure . First , the 6-pin connection on the power-supply cable , which brings 5 volts and 12 volts from the power supply , is fragile and difficult to connect to the enclosure . I need to move my drives from one computer to another , and it is clear that this connection will eventually fail . Second , the loose socket and poorly attached screws indicate that quality control appears to be poor at the factory.I recently bought a Macally G-S350SU Hi-Speed eSata/USB2 .0 External Storage Enclosure for 3.5 inch SATA HDD from Amazon , and recommend it highly . The drive is attached to a sturdy , nice-looking aluminum enclosure . -LRB- The drive simply slides into the Sabrent , and it rattles around when you move it . -RRB- The Macally attaches to a 12-volt power supply with one of those standard inline plugs , which means that there are no pins to get bent , and you can buy spare power supplies if you want to move the drive between computers without having to move the power supplies as well . The Macally is only a few dollars more , and in my opinion would be a better option even if it were more expensive . I 've already ordered another Macally .
 Plug separated from the cable during first installation . Item went straight to the trash .
 I can not get it to work as either a USB or eSATA.When time allows , I will try another hard drive .
 I just bought one of these enclosures , it came in it 's box as a kit . Two internal screws missing . I went out to a nearby dealer to find two screws that worked . Went home , plugged it = No Power . The A/C power cord , not the adapter , was faulty . Bought a new AC power cord . Went back home and noticed NO FRONT Light - even though there is a small hole in the front of the case where a light could be or should be . I went on line to a Techie Bulletin Board and learned that this model had no front light and that the rear light was considered by the mfr . to be AOK . I have been buying external disk drives for my computers since 1983 and I do not remember buying an enclosure which had no front light . In fact I am presently running 3 other externals of different makes and all have front lights . Hmmm?Also , the fit of the external is 2nd rate . The side panels and extrusions are not nice and tight and you will notice that it has edges which you tend to avoid . And , the stand is a flimsy , tipping , not really secure plastic base.Net , net ! If this was a gift , I would be ashamed if I told the giver . It was not a gift ; I bought it and I am not satisfied with it . The drive is a 1st rate 1 Tb Seagate Barracuda . The enclosure is 2nd rate .
 Let me first say that I am new to this whole sub-woofer thing of amping up a car stereo . Although I am sure this is a good PASSIVE sub-woofer , I bought mine through Amazon by looking through the amplified sub-woofer section . I read the first two reviews and I can tell you , there are NO adjustments on this speaker . There is a positive lead and a negative lead for the stereo input only . Those are the only inputs on the speaker inside of a bass tube . Very sneaky on Amazon 's part , they probably wrote the first review to make you think you were getting what you searched for . Had I been looking for an 8 '' passive speaker , this would not have been my first choice . Again this is NOT Bazooka 's fault that their product was placed in a wrong category by Amazon . Oh , it 's really heavy too so if you plan on sending it back be prepared for a hefty shipping cost . I guess that explains the reason you only see the speaker end of this purchase . If you were to see the other end you would know something is n't quite right . I hope my error will help another newbie not make the same mistake.Bottom line , if you have a 40w stereo you 'll have a 40w sub-woofer .
 Well i had this thing for 5 weeks before it blew . upon waiting to long to return it , i cut it open and the voice coil was tiny and broke to hell and back.Just really not good . And this thing isnt pre-amplified just so you know . I would just got an 8 inch anything else in a normal box .
 There are enough ipod charges and wall outlets that I have never been in desperate need for a quick charge . I do n't like carrying an extra battery that will get thrown away when I could just bring my power cord that I can reuse as many times as I want for no extra cost .
 This was brand new , but probably 15 years old . Technology has made major leaps since the day this was manufactured . For instance it has a 24 pin connector to interface with a computer . How many years has that connection been unavailable ?
 Not user friendly , unable to load music onto mp3 . Spent 3 hours already trying to figure this out . I thought it would be a better system for running i.e. smaller size but just too hard to use . I will be purchasing an ipod over the weekend . I would not recommend purchasing . Yepp studio software , can not begin to compare to itunes . Spend the $ 299 on the ipod . You wo n't regret it .
 This is a horrible horrible system.The software gives you very little to work with , and even the things it 's supposed to let you do does n't always work . More often then not I have to restart my computer because I ca n't get the sound to come out of the right set of speakers.I ca n't believe I spent the amount of money I did on it . It 's caused me more problems then it 's worth and now I just have it sitting in a drawer.While the idea behind this product had potential it was poorly executed . The last 4-5 logitech products I 've bought have been a huge disappointment -- -LRB- a $ 90 wireless mouse , 2 headsets , speaker system , keyboard -RRB- it seems like they just rush out the product before making sure they work and all the bugs are worked out . I 'm just avoiding the brand now .
 I was anticipating being able to walk from my study into my living room and hear the same music playing . Unfortunately , the broadcast to a receiver prevents the normal PC speaker playback . One or the other must be chosen . If additional locations are desired , additional receivers must be purchased . As of today , Logitech does n't have them and does n't know the price . They expect them to be available by mid-April 2007 . The remote is useless . It will stop and mute the playback -LRB- only up to 6 feet feet away ! -RRB- but will not start it up again , nor skip forward or backward.When I called Logitech support -LRB- on my own dime - no toll free number -RRB- I was brushed off and told to contact the vendor -LRB- Amazon -RRB- for help . I am not happy with Logitech 's poor customer support both in attitude & knowledge .
 it worked beautifully for like 5 months , then one day it suddenly broke . So I turned it on , got past the samsung logo and how much free space i had , then it just shut off and kept repeating that process . anyone know what 's wrong with it ? I purchased it overseas , so there was no point in trying to get it reparied or returned . Very upset and i do n't recommend this player to anyone .
 This is a great simple mp3 player . It does what it says and does it pretty well . However , it is not seen as a hot pluggable flash drive and requires Samsung 's proprietary software.As such , it does not work on the Mac or Linux . In order to use it , I have to fire up my PC , copy mp3 's from my Mac to my PC , and then to the Yepp . Samsung has also recently dropped support for their printers on Mac , too . Sad , because they make some great products .
 I bought this item and was shocked when I opened the container it was in and found scratches and smudges on it . I then plugged it in only to find it was defective . This is no reflection on Amazon.com but the vendor who sold it through Amazon is a scamster . Fortunatley Amazon promptly RMA 'd it for me and I got my money back .
 I 've had one of these for two years now and it deposits rusty water into my cistern . Which makes me think it 's not copper . Another chain I bought from another company developed a patina , NOT rust , and leads clean water into that cistern . This item is purely decorative , otherwise useless .
 My old GE cordless headset phone is on its last legs , so I went over to Best Buy to get this one as a replacement . I hooked it up , charged it up , stored my frequently-used numbers and was all ready to enjoy the phone ... until I noticed that there 's no mute button . I looked through the documentation then looked again , searched the web and called `` customer service '' -LRB- warning
 purchased this phone and the only thing I use any longer is the headset . The phone beeps -LRB- actually shreiks -RRB- intermittently . No interference , no rhyme or reason . Called support and after the typical maze of routing , they suggested I buy another battery which cost more than the phone , yet both were &#60; 90 days old . Garbage product with a GE label , made and suppoorted -LRB- not -RRB- by some unheard of firm .
 I also got this to replace the GE 2-9917A , whic I loved . I was happy to see that the headset was removable from the porable receiver , since I 've had to replace the GE 2-9917A twice when the plastic head-holding bit broke . A bit disappointing that I ca n't find anyplace to replace the headset with the same model.My biggest complaint is the amount of digital-sounding interference I get with this phone . Even when I 'm 3-feet away from the base station , I get terrible buzzing , like a fax or modem signal . This started before I got a WiFi network at the office . This comes through at both ends -LRB- I get complaints from people I speak with -RRB- and happens about 80 % of the time.I also have a unit at home , where I was n't having the problem until I had to replace the headset -LRB- with a much flimisier GE model that I found where I bouthg the phone -RRB- and now it buzzes like hell too.I 'm going to look for the older model to see if I can find it anywhere . I also think the lack of a second battery and spot to charge it is a silly omission . Overall the older model was a much better product .
 I highly recommend you do not buy this product because there is nothing but problems with it . I have had many problems with it such as NAPSTER which is horrible and sucks . Napster just doesnt want to do want I want it to do and transfering the songs has messed up many times . All in all , samsung should burn all of the yh-920 's because they are worthless and I recommend buying an IPOD . It has has brought me much happiness . DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 Great looking , excellent feel to the controls and yet I urge you to stay away ! I returned the first one , which became unrecognizable in Windows XP , and the software utility that came with the unit did n't really do anything at all , though every time it `` claimed '' to have repaired successfully . Once frozen , it could not be re-formatted , and the reset button did n't do anything except cause the device to continually restart with a `` failed to initialize '' error ... So I had the replacement for a week and the same thing happened again . One minute it works and the next it 's all over!As far as I know both of the ones I returned are still in a reboot loop , it never stopped . Also , no bookmarking feature for the Audible books , creating playlists was lousy , the docs are nothing but an advert ... what can I say ... there is no excuse for a company to market a device this poorly tested . Perhaps it will improve , but as for now it 's absolute junk .
 When I received the Samsung it looked like exactly what I was looking for . But I could not connect the USB Connections with the either the Napster or Windows Media.When I called Samsung , they were helpful but only in telling me that there is a problem whentrying to connect when you have MS Windows XP and service pack 2 . They were working on it , but did not know when they would have a patch ready.I now have to return it , they should of known about this before putting it on the market
 I had this MP3 player for about 6 months . Everything was fine & dandy , until now . I had been using Napster & WMP to transfer files . However , when I logged onto Napster yesterday , they forced me to upgrade to this `` new & improved version '' . There is no way to avoid upgrading the product . So , now that I 've `` upgraded '' napster , the thing is ruined.It cleared the 1000 + songs I had in the player , saying it was due to a `` serious error '' . Now that I 'm trying to transfer them all back , I can no longer transfer MP3 files via Napster OR WMP . Only WMA files seem to work . I refuse to fork over 20 bucks for a file converter , when my MP3 's should work fine . At least half the time , Napster does n't even read the player.I thought this player was great . It had everything I needed -LRB- a remote , small size , cool accessories , FM transmitter -RRB- , but now I 'm completely frustrated . Napster is terrible.Now I 'm taking it back to best buy , and getting an IPOD . I tried to avoid it , but the competition has n't stepped it up.SO , IN SHORT
 The manual instructions r poor and it took me forever to get my damn computer to recognise the player . Apparently this mp3 player can store 5,000 songs however once I got 250 songs on it , what happened was that if I upload an album the device will delete another album . What the f -- ?! Avoid this player at all costs and exercise your right 2 demand a refund ! I sure did .
 I really wanted to make this thing work . Why ? Because it APPEARED that Samsung had done all the right things - terrific on-screen information , above average sound quality , and despite other reviews , I found the unit to be sturdy and have that `` feel good '' thing when in your hands.But , that 's where the good stuff stops - Samsung blew it on several major areas
 This device is awesome . It feels solid , the interface is relatively easy to use -LRB- although not as easy as browsing a hard-drive , as you are forced to Genre categories , etc -RRB- . The design of the hardware is also cool . I use this for recording meetings and discussions , and it works great . One click to start a voice recording . Oh man do i want to keep this mp3 player!But , i will be returning it . Why?Napster is required to really make it useful.Yes , you can use Media Player 9 to transfer songs -LRB- but not delete -RRB- . You can use Media Player 10 to transfer tracks and delete tracks . But you ca n't organize the songs , and you cant create the playlists for the 920 and upload them . This is a problem because after retagging and renaming files and uploading multiple times , i still can not get it to put the 34 chapters of an audio book in the right order . -LSB- if anyone else can , please post a review with details -RSB- You can manually create playlists with the player itself , but it 's a pain . Plus , only the first 10 or so characters of the title/track are shown , and so you have to rename everything before uploading so you can determine what order they 're supposed to be in . And this nearly defeats the purpose of having the forced sort by artist/title/genre . -LRB- It is important to note that these are audio book tracks ripped from a cd , not purchased through Audible , which has it 's own software , that is _ required _ to load their books onto the player -RRB- I am not 100 % sure of what you can do with the Napster software . It supposedly can create playlists -LRB- which would fix their stupid track order problem -RRB- . Why do n't I know?Becase NO menu item or functionality will work in this software unless your `` logged in '' to napster ! I refuse to sign up for napster -LRB- and be forced to use a credit card for a `` trial '' subscription , and try and get it cancelled after my `` free month '' -RRB- . That is a little too beyond my privacy requirements.On a side note , if you are buying this , make sure you have , or buy , another set of headphones . The ones that come with this have no low range , and the cord is barely long enough to reach from my ears to the device clipped to my belt and i ca n't turn my head.And another side note , this does not have a standard USB connection so you have to use the provided charger/usb connector . -LRB- This would be annoying , but since you have to use all the proprietary software anyway , you 're probably going to be doing the transferring from the same computer . -RRB- Oh so close , yet oh so useless .
 I received this product and followed the instructions for installation . Much to my surprise there was no way to make it function -LRB- even with my previously stored music -RRB- without connecting to Napster which is a premium service -LRB- with a free trial period -RRB- . I think this product is fundamentally deceptive by not letting people know that you MUST be connected with Napster to make it work.If that is n't bad enough I could not get Napster to work on my computer probably because I use Firefox and refuse to use Internet Explorer .
 I bought this player in January , and have been able to use it less than 10 times . I have had to fix problems everytime I try to put new songs on . I have had to send it back twice -- for the same problem ! The second time Samsung said they would send me a new player -- a week later I was sent my old one that they said they could n't fix . Now when I call to find out what is going on , customer service says sorry , nothing we can do ... be warned if you buy this player , you may not actually get to use it , nor is Samsung very helpful .
 ok , 1st i opened the box put it on the charger and it just made a buzzy noise and wouldnt turn on ! when -LRB- a few hours later -RRB- i tried switching it on it finally worked ! yipeeee.so i then inserted the cd which told me i needed media player 9 and to uninstall media player 10 and get media player 9 again . `` microsoft does no longer have a download for media player 9 for windows xp `` f**k ! by this point im pulling my hair out cuz the webpage and user manual are cr@pi finally found out how to `` roll back '' my media player to the last version and thought my problems were over.it took ages for the pc to recognise the new hardware and when i finally get everything installed , its now sitting on my pc desk making a buzzy sound again and wont switch on !!! what a useless complicated daft piece of sh ** im going to send it back now and i better get a refund or else !
 I had n't even had this player for a week -LRB- I got it for Christmas -RRB- before it started messing up . The player itself works fine , it 's the software that 's required to use it that I have a problem with . Twice now , within three days , all the songs I had loaded onto the player were erased , and I still do n't know why . The first time I had 515 songs on it , and the second time 147 because I had n't had the chance to load them all back onto it . DO NOT install Napster . The whole program is horrible and will do nothing but cause headaches . I tried to use the two free months the player comes with , and whenever I tried to load the downloaded songs onto the player , it would ask me to either pay for them or enter the promo code in . When I entered the code , it told me it had already been redeemed and said I should send in a form to customer service if this was incorrect . I ripped and synched all of my music with Windows Media Player , which is highly overrated as a software program . While it worked more easily than Napster , it still caused a lot of trouble , and half the time it would n't recognize my player . However , the player works nicely and just how it 's supposed to once you get music onto it . But right now I have no music on it since it just got erased ; I spent many hours putting my entire CD collection on this thing just to have it all erased . I plan to try again and hopefully the music wo n't get erased again . If it does , I may consider returning this player in favor of another . It may have just been problems with my computer that made these things happen , so I would still recommend that anyone who is considering this player does n't rule it out . Just make sure you stay away from Napster .
 Songs imported into library alphabetically . Sent 2 email asking for support from samsung website - NO response received ; not even stating they received my question . Hisses and pops heard on songs imported from wma 64Kbps but not heard when playing on PC . When I called asking if there will be firmware upgrade to correct song order as it is on the CD , got passed onto tech engineer . When asked about the song order being alphabetical , he said with a straight voice that is how the player is made to work and there is no plan to upgrade firmware to correct this problem since they do n't see this as one . He suggest I create a playlist for every single CD in my collection to keep in the correct CD order . Does have great FM reception and recording.They got rid of the USB On-The-Go feature on this US release unit that allows you to connect to your camera and download the pictures over to free up your camera flash memory.With these terrible tech support , I suggest you move on to another player as I will be returning this one soon .
 I bought this because I have a large library of MP3s that I want to transfer to a device and listen to . I also wanted a lot of extra storage for other files . What I found was that this player only allows you to listen to MP3s that are downloaded from the Napster application . Even if your MP3s are burned from your own cd , you ca n't listen to them with this player UNLESS you burn them with the Napster CD ripper . This was not listed in any documentation , the salesperson at the store was not aware of it and the Samsung website does not mention this . I found this out because I called Samsung and they told me there was something wrong with Napster . . I then called Napster who told me this.If you are looking to use Napster and store a lot of extra files , this player should be fine . If you are looking to listen to all the MP3s you have accumulated over the years , do n't waste your time with this player .
 I have had this since December . I agree the player is cool and has good features such as the ability to record from the radio but if it breakes down what is the point ? I am now having to bring in my player for the SECOND time for servicing . Not a big deal unless you want to wait a whole month for the process and if you do n't have all of your music backed up ... My suggestion , go with something that has been proven to work that also has good features , not this player .
 First of all , I have Windows XP and I use my USB port for many devices -LRB- digi camera , printer , other audio device -RRB- . This MP3 Player is made to be used on XP and 2000 only and it comes with a USB cable . So you figure I would have no problem ... well think again . I could not get XP to recognize the device . I exchanged the MP3 player for a new YH-920 unit figuring the one I had was just defective . Well I ran into the same problem with the new one . I called customer support and they told me I had to send the YH-920 to them to have it repaired . I explained to them this is two in a row . They said `` well , that can happen . '' I returned the product and decided to get an IPOD which is working fine.One other thing to look out for is the product manual . It is worthless . The only thing it gives real details on is how to purchase songs on Napster.If you can get this MP3 player to work I am sure it is nice but my personal experience says stay far away . Even customer support said their product was defective two times in a row . For nearly $ 300 it is not worth the trouble . Get an IPOD .
 REVIEW UPDATED 9/16/2009 TO BE MORE SPECIFIC AND MORE CHALLENGING.You might want to read the last paragraph of this review first and bookmark the website . I 'm not going to say anything you ca n't find at Audioholics.Maybe I 'm being a bit harsh giving these cables only two stars . There 's really nothing wrong with them . If they cost somewhere between fifteen and forty dollars , more or less , I might buy them . If you have fallen deeply , head over heels in love with their bright green color with the wavy black stripes and/or you have money to burn and/or love the name Copperhead , maybe you should buy them . But if you want the best value for your money , do n't buy these . Sure , they have everything a good cable needs
 What a disappointment !!! I do n't even know where to begin when it comes to this book . First of all , the title has absolutely nothing to do with any element of the story . One wonders if this were not just a marketing ploy to get unsuspecting readers to buy it ... like me . The author does a very poor job of making this a likeable story . She introduces characters and then drops them like hot potatoes with no development whatsoever . She spent more time detailing Reesy 's 3 dogs than she did some of the main characters . The relationship between Hill and Tyrene was never believable ; Tyrene 's anger at her husband was never fully explained . This story had too many loose ends and no real resolution except at the very end . Why would you follow someone all the way to California and then never make an effort to see them ? Then follow them all the way back to the East Coast and then hunt them down ? What was the purpose of Zoe and Chloe ; they added nothing . I could go on and on ... . Ms. Files , you missed the mark on this one !!
 Tastes like chicken ??? I do n't know what that is a reference too , but I do know this book was not a good read . Sure the girls - Reesy and Misty are back . I was looking forward to reading their adventures , but it was not their adventures , it was more like the Reesy show , and her show did not get good reviews . From the beginning it had potential , the trip to California added even more potential , but then it basically just ended with a bunch of loose ends , with undeveloped plotlines . Sleazy was funny , but who was he ? Heck if we the readers know . The twins role in this book and it was boring , and pointless . Rick , ok he needs help ... I guess we have to wait until the fourth installment of this series to see how this mess ends . I think the author should have spent less time , calling out names , -LRB- Maxell , Malika Yoba , Eric Jerome Dickey -RRB- and spent more time ending storylines.I must admit this book was funny , but so is an episode Seinfeld , and there is no charge to watch it . This book costs $ $ $ . I enjoyed the part about the dogs . I googled that breed to see if I saw a resemblance to a cat , I did not . The Tyrene/Tyrone storyline was unappealing . Overall , I doubt if I would want to read yet another book about these same people . After all the whole storyline could have been wrapped up in this book , not extended to a fourth book . The author should have learned that in writing 101
 ... if you enjoyed Misty 's and Reesy 's antics in `` Scenes from a Sistah '' and `` Gettin ' to the Good Part '' you 'll love `` Tastes Like Chicken '' . The story picks up with Reesy preparing to get married . Only a `` surprise '' guest shows up at the wedding and the nuptials are halted . This is where the drama begins ... the story revolves around Reesy who embarks on a trip across county to get away from the madness , Misty and Reesy 's parents.I loved the book ... my only complaint is to Ms. Files . Do n't leave us waiting several years for a sequel . We tend to forget the essential pieces to the story .
 I have not read the previous installments of this literary soap opera , But I ca n't imagine the characters having any growth at all from the preceding books.The situations are forced , the solutions are fantasy-like , and the characters are basically all rich , black people who do little more than act like Jerry Springer candidates . There is talent in her writing , but the formulaic , quick-gotta-end-it climax , along with the implausible cliff-hanger really tried my patience.Since this is the 3rd book , with the same characters , and they are still this clueless , let 's just tell them to shove it . The author can either pander to a fan base looking for a black , The Young and the Clueless , or raise her characters to challenge themselves , and us.Please , if you choose to continue this series , give your characters a base . Enable us to feel as if this person is real and has a personality , rather than being a conveyance to your next set-up . I guess what bothers me is that the writer does n't seem to have worked very hard on this book . She gives out anecdotes , as opposed to a storyline . This reminds me of an old O'Jay 's song , ... Got to give the people what they want.We want more of an effort from you . The talent is there .
 I was very disappointed in `` Tastes like Chicken . '' When I saw it in the bookstore I did n't even think twice once I saw who had written it . I have read all of Ms. Files books and was looking forward to continuing the saga of Reesy Snowden and Misty Fine . I felt that the story line was rushed and silly . Ms. Files left a lot of loose ends possibly because there will be a fourth installment to this book . In my opinion she could have closed the saga of these two women and made this the last book . Faithful readers like myself will purchase the next chapter of Reesy and Misty 's ups and downs because we hope that the continuing saga will be better than its previous chapter . I would suggest that you wait until this book comes in paperback or borrow it from a friend .
 I am unhappy with the seller of this product . I purchased two of the same disk and recieved one of them an SD Micro rather than the M2 . The company has chose to ignore me and i ca n't seem to get what i want ...
 well ... I 'd love to say that it 's a great product , HOWEVER ... `` Digital Media Source '' the vendor I purchased it from shipped me the incorrect item , and then refused to work with me at all to rectify the situation . They , in fact , shipped me a cheaper item . I received a usb thumb drive ... I ordered a card for my camera . Attempts to contact the vendor were only possible via e-mail . Attempts to obtain a phone number to call , or to have a call placed to me were futile . The 2 e-mail responses I received were 2 words long , and completely unhelpful . Repeated attempts at e-mailing this vendor were simply ignored . I finally resorted to an ugly e-mail referring to the vendor 's possible body fat percentage , and propensity for messily eating potato chips on his mothers couch in the basement out of sheer frustration . I will NEVER order anything from them , or ANY Amazon affiliate again . Thank you Digital Media Source and Amazon . You have successfully narrowed the scope of any online shopping I may do in the future , making it possible to quickly weed out vendors that might be out to screw me -LRB- or you , consumer -RRB- .
 This memory card fit my Sony Erickson Equinox phone fine , and it recognized it right away , but unless I 'm a complete idiot , I ca n't for the life of me transfer music -LRB- MP3 files -RRB- , to the card and have them be recognized by the phone . I 've tried every way I can think of , copy and paste directly into the cards music folder , create a subfolder and paste into there , use the Media Go Software included with the phone , following their instructions to the letter , and still no transfers.The songs can be recognized on the card thru my computer , but the phone wo n't see them . I do n't know it it 's a limitation of the phone or the card , or there is another process that I do n't know about that works , but the advertising for the card says easy transfer of all types of media files , Photos , music , etc. . -RRB- , and it 's just not promising that.If you know a better way , let me know here.Maybe they work better on MP3 players , but I would n't recommend getting one for this type of use .
 The price was great , but it took two weeks to get it , also shipped by USPS , orders online can not be tracked , just showed ship date , but no tracking . I would NOT order from this company again !
 Got this one for my grandson . Plugged it into my laptop and zowee ... it fried the drive on my computer ! Called Amazon and they snapped into action . Immediately , they blamed the manufacturer and would n't have a thing to do with the entire business . San Disk , of course , decided that my drive was faulty . Could n't be their problem , they said . Took it to a local shop , which disabled the drive on the computer . Now any external mediaum of this sort has to be used with an external usb drive . Thanks Amazon . Thanks San Disk ... And probably thanks to HP which cuilt the computer . Do n't look to the first two players here for support ... believe me it wo n't be there .
 The reviewers satisfied with sound quality -LRB- esp bass -RRB- must be listening at very high volumes . I found that at higher volumes the higher frequencies were harsh and hurt my ears . At low volumes , the lower frequency response was inadequate . Of course they are different from earbuds , in which the speaker is much smaller and closer to your ear drum , but I found that the earbuds that came with my phone produced more satisfying sound at the lower volumes I prefer than these full size headphones did . The synthetic material over my ears was also to warm for me . I bought these for the 8 foot cord , but that and the great price were n't enough and I returned them .
 Too tight for my head -LRB- not that big -RRB- Sound average for a $ 30 dollar headphone.A lot smaller and less comfortable then the predecessor UR30Hinge Broke after 3 months of use . Dont bother .
 I was so disappointed with this headphone . I was cautious when purchasing it but then I saw a lifetime warranty . . that should have been the tipoff . The headphone broke due to the design of the collapsible component . I send it back and paid for shipping I got a new one I thought okay they fixed it then the right speaker went and I was using it for a while cause I did n't want to be without one then the left one went I had to once again return it . I just kept returning them did n't even have it for a few months . It was comfortable on my ear the sound quality was good when it worked . Just think it is the company cause I bought another replacement from the same company different model and since it was cheaper it was worse . Tried Sony instead and it is a much better fit for me since I use my headphone like 24/7 .
 Bought them in March 06 , they just died today and have been experiencing poor connectivity for about a year -LRB- had to consistently adjust the plug to get sound on both sides -RRB- . Not a fan of the straight plug either , l-shaped is more durable , as the part that broke was due to stress on the straight plug . buying something else . also a little tight on my head , which is not large . I would pass on these . I did love them when they worked properly , but that was only for the first 6 months .
 Check it , So I got my new headphones I had been waiting 2 weeks -LRB- free shipping deal -RRB- for and when I opened the box , I was like , sweet , these look pretty tight . Then I went to put them on , ya know , test them out , and the darned things would ' t fit over my big dome . I went to adjust them and i was like , they ca n't be adjusted ! I went to lift them up and Oh snap ... them things snapped !! I got mad and threw them against the wall , packaged them up , and sent them back . I still havent received my refund ...
 The short
 I got a pair of these as a replacement for discontinued Koss GT5s I sent in for lifetime warranty service . As nearly everyone has pointed out , they 're very cheaply built , and the fragile plastic hinges on mine broke within a few months , rendering them useless . And the sound was pretty poor to begin with -- muffled highs , harsh mids , thin bass -- to the point that they do n't even justify the $ 9 shipping and handling it would cost me to get them replaced by Koss 's warranty.If you 're looking for cheap collapsible headphones and are loyal to the Koss line , the Koss UR40s are a couple dollars more , are incredibly lightweight and comfortable , and sound drastically better than these UR29s . They 're also slightly more durable , and backed by the same impressive warranty . Check out my review of them if you like , and stop considering these UR29s . They 're terrible .
 I purchased these headphones for roughly thirty dollars and I 'll admit I used them quite frequently . After about six months one of the earcups broke off and on the seventh month the other earcup broke off as well . Shoddy design and the novel ` easy fold ' mechanism probably contributed to the product 's disintegration . I always went to painstaking lengths to be as gentle as possible with the headphones and they * still * broke apart as if they were made out of styrofoam . The KOSS Ur/29 model is pretty inexpensive , but not * that * cheap . Yes they are comfy and the sound quality was decent for the price , but if you plan on using a set of headphones for more than a year just invest in a proper set and ignore these altogether especially if your livelihood depends on a good pair .
 Although this is listed as iBook memory , mine -LRB- a dual-USB -RRB- does n't recognize it . I 've checked everything I know to check , and can narrow it down to one of two problems
 Short version , buy it , it 's the best thing you 're going to find to get a phone or MP3 player into your factory head unit . Works perfectly on 04 WJ . Great bass response , sounds nice . Slight repetitive whispering noise that you do n't really notice once you 've got something playing over it.Long version : The device I got has a 3.5 mm unbalanced audio jack , NOT balanced RCA inputs . It 's not worth returning it but it is deceptive . I would have given five stars if the device had been as pictured.In fairness , the seller did include a 3.5 mm to dual-rca converter , and I 'm sure that for most people that would n't be a problem . Maybe with the internal configuration of the device , the grounds are bridged anyway and it would n't matter . But all things being equal , I would have preferred to get the DEVICE IN THE PICTURE . The instructions that come with the device also show RCA jacks , but with a sticker stuck over the picture that says ` device may not be as pictured ' or something like that.Anyway , the actual device : Installation
 If you have a stereo with a 6 cd changer built into it , this device WILL NOT WORK . even though my car is the correct model year and has the right outlet in the back , it doesnt work . The paper insert actually confirms this although it said nothing about it on the profile .
 I bought one of these in December of 09 for my 04 Durango and my battery started going dead e-mailed PIE and got no response from them remounted it so I could disconnect when not in use . In November of 2011 it stopped working completely . However it did work well when it worked it is cheaply made and the durability bears that out also the PIE company is totaly non responsive
 this item does not work with 6 disc CD changer -LRB- RAQ -RRB- models . this was not specified in the ad . returned it without a problem though .
 This does not fit a 2004 Sante Fe with at least the Monsoon system . According to the `` parts fit '' and Metra 's website it is suppose to fit , it only lists that one for single din . If you follow the directions and use the spacers it pushes the deck out way to far to get the bezel on . If you do not have the factory clock above the radio it may fit , I doubt it . You can not use the spacers and you have to file off .125 '' of an inch of the top and more in the middle across about a 4 inch span . Otherwise it bows it down so far you would never get the deck in . I finally got it to fit proper and looks pretty good , no gaps or bows but of course the recommended wiring harness 70-7301 does not even match the factory plug nor the pin shape , I did not check fitment it further nor look at the plug prior to ordering and it seems I need the 70-2003 , I partially blame myself for not checking all plug fitments . If you try it with the pocket on top , it will not even come close to fitting . I seen by the reviews other people had the same problem , one was solved with the single din kit , my single din kit did not work
 This is my first time reviewing a product on amazon . I was swayed by the sexy web copy -LRB- World 's smallest flash drive ... virtually indestructible '' -RRB- . I made the purchase shortly before embarking on my year abroad in Malaysia -LRB- making returns impossible ... i 'm stick with this piece of crap -RRB- . My complaints are as follows : It is incredibly slow ... we 're not taking `` wow this is taking longer than expect . . '' we 're talking `` omg ... i could transfer information faster with messenger pigeons and smoke signals . '' It took about 45 minutes to transfer 30 documents from on PC to my MacBook Pro -LRB- both Intel both dual core both less than 1 year old -RRB- . It is incredibly small BUT ... you can not let the device touch any metal -LRB- coins , keys , etc -RRB- . It says so in the packaging ... but not in the product description online . Because I wanted this at the end of my keychain , I needed to find some type of case . Fortunately , the product came with a case ... but there are several problems :1 . The moment I use a case , this super small INDESTRUCIBLE flash drive becomes the same size as all the other flash drives . If it is truly indestructible , why does it need a case at all . That 's just misleading . By reading the product description online , I was led to believe that I could take this anywhere with no protection ... even in the rain . But that 's simply not true . You MUST keep this in a case if you keep this device in your pocket -LRB- as most people do -RRB- .2 . The case they provide is awful . It is a pink Eskimo coat ... no joke . The actual coat they provide is truly a coat ... made of rubber . It is about 3 cm wide and 5 cms long ... making it much larger than most other USB drives . That is to say , if you use the protective jacket that they provide , the world 's smallest drive becomes the world 's largest drive . -LRB- maybe I should use a different protector then ? ... I ca n't ... no other jacket will fit since this is the world 's smallest usb drive ... i basically have to use their jacket .3 . Why not pick a neutral color -LRB- black , brown , blue , red , grey ... even purple -RRB- ? I 'm confident in masculinity , but seriously . The jacket looks like a hello kitty doodad . I ca n't take this to my MBA classes or business meetings ? It 's too big and too pink . If I were a 13 Japanese female middle school student in Tokyo , I 'm sure this would be all the rage . But I 'm a 30 year old black man living in Malaysia who sold off his GI Joes and He-Man action figures back in 1984.4 . Did I mention it was slow?Like a good consumer , I contacted customer support . They gave me a whole song and dance and even offered to exchange the product if I sent in an email ... well , the sheer hassle of repackaging , shipping from Malaysia -LRB- out of pocket -RRB- and then waiting for 2-6 weeks was a little silly . I needed a new flash drive now for school ... but I at least wanted my money back . I wrote them an email -LRB- CCing all the contacts I had come across during my 45 minutes while on the phone ... yes 45 minutes to complain about a $ 26 item ... I also CC 'd the sales department at Kingmax . Still waiting to hear back from them ... this was 2 weeks ago . No response ... not even a generic automatic `` We 've received your email and will get back to you.My advice ... do n't buy this one.If the size appeals to you ... understand that you MUST use a protector ... making the size the same or bigger than other drives on the market ... and you will end up with a oversized pink jacket -LRB- which is the only jacket that will fix since this is the smallest USB drive in the world.If durability is important to you , then understand that you MUST use a protector ... this piece of plastic can not touch metal ... you must use a jacket ... and you must use the jacket they provide.If speed is important to you ... do n't buy this product . It is slow ... not slower than most ... slower than all . Maybe mine was defective . It worked but it took almost an hour to do tasks that should have zipped by in seconds or minutes.If customer service is important to you , do n't bother . I am the ghost of XMAS future warning you now.There are so so so many flash drives . They keep getting smaller and faster . Stick with standby brand names if you can . You wo n't be wasting a whole lot of money if you go with this -LRB- I bought the 8 gig -RRB- , but why watse money at all ? $ 26 is still $ 26 . Go with a trusted name.Hope this info was helpful .
 I should have read more reviews before I bought this , because after a few weeks on my keychain , the end broke off cleanly . The unit still works , so I 'm going to attempt to superglue it on , but I 'm disappointed.For something that claims to be washer and dryer `` safe '' , it 's very fragile . The hole for the keychain ring should extend through the PCB , not the soft white plastic cover . I 'm glad I did n't lose my data , but I 'm not sure I 'll trust this with anything important from here on .
 I use my 8GB MicroSD card in a USB adapter that is roughly half the size of this device . There is a small loop for a keychain on it which is useful when pulling it out of a usb port ... not to mention that pulling out the chip allows use in a cellphone or digital camera -LRB- via adapter -RRB- , digital camcorder , etc. . . There are smaller out there , if you are looking for small you can do a bit better !
 I got one of these in December , and two weeks later , the end broke off after a short -LRB- less than three feet -RRB- fall from my pocket while attached with the included key ring . After contacting the manufacturer , I was told that my product was defective and should be returned for a free replacement . Two months after shipping it out to them , I was told that they would not replace it because the warranty was voided . I would recommend something more durable unless you absolutely need something this small .
 I own the 2GB version of this drive . It is tiny , but still fits nicely into a USB port , but I have noticed a serious problem . The flash stick itself is actually smaller than the casing it is in -LRB- you can see it on the bottom -RRB- . I have been very careful with how I store my super stick and careful in inserting and removing it from USB ports . Regardless , the plastic shell around the memory stick is breaking across the width at the top , and the bottom corners of the plastic shell -LRB- that go into a USB port -RRB- have started snapping off in little chunks .
 I got this for school and it died after only a couple of weeks . It still gets warm when plugged in , but windows nor mac will see it properly . Do n't buy this drive . Amazon was no help in my trying to replace it . Good luck dealing with the Taiwanese company if your 's dies . I guess it 's too good to be true .
 The listing for this is very vague and wholesalecables JUST added to it , of course after I bought the product and tried to return it . But it had said it was a `` great accessory for a computer '' -LRB- which it still says -RRB- , and I intended to use it computer to older tv , since the computer had a VGA port , but the tv did not . Now it says not intended for input or output with computer . So how does that make it still the `` perfect accessory '' ? It did n't work as an accessory with my computer , so I returned it as not what was listed . I would never buy from wholesalecables again because their listings is not descriptive or clear what the product was for and a waste of my time trying to make it work and then returning it .
 This is not what it seems . It does not let you hook up your laptop or desktop to a TV with a component output . IT uses a different standard . The RGBHV standard that this cable outputs can only be read by some projectors . I would like to retun this product , but due to the fact that it is not sold by Amazon , I am unable to do so . A complete waste of $ 10 dollars . I do not recommend this product . CableShowcase needs to specify the uses of this cable .
 Okay , saw the rave reviews for this product , then bought it for my birthday . What a dissapointment ! The right speaker has a high frequeny rattle which gets really annoying on a unit which is supposed to produce bass with no distortion . So I took it back , was given a replacement , and it sounded exactly the same ! Im going back today to buy the sony equivalent , all i can say is im gutted . The unit has great features , if only they hadnt messed up the sound .
 If you are looking for a boombox to play your MP3 CDs , look elswehere -- this unit ca n't do it.Big mistake by Philips .
 thought I got the wrong wire . I did n't . It just shows a staticy image on tv of my laptop trying to hook up to my TV as a monitor like your trying to watch unpaid porn on your cable box from back in the day . Could 've got a s video wire instead . IT does n't work .
 This item doesnt work . I bought it to see videos from my laptop to the tv . but it doesnt work .
 I got this for my &#34; Boss 612UA MP3-Compatible Digital Media AM/FM Receiver &#34; which i also got on Amazon . And after my friend and i spent an hour and a half figuring how to take my car apart to get the radio out in 30 degree weather , we went to attach the radio to this installation housing , and it did n't fit . so then we had to put my car back together and im still trying to find a housing that fits the radio . i found this all very annoying and frustrating because on the box for the radio it specifies what size of this to get and this is the one i chose and it doesnt fit ! i was n't sure weather i should write a bad review for this or the radio and i decided on this because i havent used the radio yet so i dont know how well it works and the box said to get this size so thats what i did ... and it did n't fit .
 I purchased this exact model . Never again . I had problems from the beginning . It worked ok for a while , then started making noises . Eventually , it stopped working altogether . Total drive failure . Techsupport is impossible . Dead links for tech or customer service . Waiting on the phone for 40 minutes only to be disconnected . I finally got an RMA to retrun the product . I paid $ 30 for fedex shipment , only to recieve the product , unfixed a week and a half later . No explanation . No reply . No paperwork . And still no satisfaction or reply from the company . Stay away . . stay very far away
 Since I can not give it a zero , I gave it a one . I Purchased one of these drives for me and my wife . Hers broke a month after teh warranty of a year expired . I called them , they said it is a fatal error and it has happened to other people , because it was over a year they will not do anything about it .
 Bought the FlashTrax Media Player . After a power outage the hard drive was fine , but the main computer would not recognize the drive . We were only three months over the one year warranty , and even though we would pay for the repair they said they would n't touch it after it was out of warranty . POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE . Poor attention was given to detailed emails , had to keep repeating the same thing over and over.Their final response ... `` But it is the way that we have everything set up . We can not change things because you want us to . It would not be fair to every other customer who fellows the rules and saves their paper work . Good luck . '' Hello ? I had the paperwork .
 this module sure does n't work in a Micron ZX or LT laptop . I had to send it back . Amazon was good about the return though .
 This zipper case is actually padded with cheaper polyethylene foam -- and only on the 2 large-panel faces of the bag only . The polyethylene foam panels are encased in a jacket of wafer-thin neoprene on the outside and nylon in the inside . Note that the edges of this bag are comprised solely of the thin neoprene/nylon shell , which I think most people would agree is not sufficient padding for your precious laptop.The only reason I do n't give the ICON4-BLK bag a lower rating is that I 've seen worse construction . Buyer beware -- do n't buy this bag sight unseen . Outer dimensions are 14.75 x 12.75 x 1.25 inches .
 This my first disappointment since years of shopping with Amazon and the first time using this seller . The bag sent was not the one advertised and unfortunately I dont want to waste time and money sending this back since I live overseas.It costs more to post it back than the bag costs . The bag has a grey zipper panel and is not as advertised . neither does it have does it not have the Icon logo on the bag as advertised but an unrecogniseable one at the top centre . The bag is approximately 14.75 x 12.75 x 1.25 inches and therefore a 15 '' computer has to be force fit.The specs said it could fit a 15 '' laptop . The bag is lined with a cheap foam and can fit no accessories.The outer fabric is thin butthe construction is not of the worse but imageine ... the pull tab for the zipper is a strip of ribbed nylon with a row of zig zag stitching on it.I believe that this seller should do the right thing and honour the committment.This is downright dishonest !! I am thoroughly disappointed .
 It was nice , but it was to small for my laptop . I gave it away to my hair dresser . He loved the gift .
 I usually read reviews for everything I buy , but the one time I do n't , I wish I had ! This sleeve claims to fit 15.6 inch laptops , but does not fit my Dell . Plus , the quality of the construction is poor and I do n't trust it to protect my computer sufficiently . I will be returning it .
 i bought this sleeve because it was chip and nice , i chose it with size too , but it doesnot fit to my laptop !
 Linux support is listed , but could not make work on my system -LRB- Fedora 10 x86_64 -RRB- . The driver cd was a mess -LRB- disorganized -RRB- , and targeted at building support into a 2.4 kernel . My 2.6 kernel has module support for the chipset on the card -LRB- Silicon Image 2114 -RRB- , but got no signs that the card was even connected . Returned .
 Bought this card to run my software RAID 5 on my file server . Within 2-3 months the ports started to fail . its still in use but i only have one DVD drive connected so it is seeing very light duty .
 Useless , does not work , no manual , not even a `` README '' on the cd , card looks used , too expensive to ship it back . I 'll just keep the cables
 This product is not recognized as being installed . Installed both the Sabrent and Syba drivers ... and nothing . Even had the card replaced and still nothing . Simply was not detected by the system .
 Windows sees card fine but drivers wont install have surfed the internet trying to find drivers that work waste of money and to expensive to ship back no more amazon for where do i cancel .
 This memory is made of cheap material , my cpu has a snap-on ram and it cracked when i tried to lightly snap it in ! Do n't buy this ! go to -LSB- ... -RSB- or find some other brand . Anything but this !
 I bought this because we have 3 laptops all from Europe . However , the holes are too small in this adapter and none of the laptop prongs fit into the holes . It fits with the cell phone but that is all .
 This plug had too short a receptor area for the appliance plug and failed to work .
 This is the third adapter that I bought and it was just as bad as the other two . It does not work and does not stay on the plug . Do not buy it .
 What this is supposed to do best is probably the worst feature of this product , which is recording video . If you do n't mind low res video , and just want something to mess around with , then it 's fine . It does take good pictures , but if I wanted good pictures , I would 've bought a digital camera . Same goes for the mp3 player , radio , and voice recorder . I wanted this for capturing decent video , and it does a really lousy job with what they should have made thier number one priority . I did n't expect too much from this camcorder for it 's price , but it 's pretty bad when my brothers digital camera , which was cheaper than this , takes much better quality video . So yea , your probably just better off buying a digital camera that records video , because it 'll probably be better at pictures and video than this sub-standard camcorder .
 The product that I received was not the product pictured in the listing . There were no instructions included with the product , and it appears of marginal quality . I am not satisfied with my purchase and do not recommend you purchase this item from Adorama .
 The converter burned up a 70 dollar power supply . I measured the output from the converter and it was unchanged , still 220V . It seems to me that the device is of poor quality .
 I ordered this item with the intent of using it with my HTC Incredible using the vent clips . It arrived , but there are no vent clips in the package . The unit itself seems fairly decent , given the price , and has lots of adjustments which can be made , though you will have to find that out for yourself as there is no manual in the package . It will hold the Incredible just fine , and does not interfere with the power cord . The windshield mount is useless in my car though , I need the vent clips . I notified the seller and they were very kind to send out a second unit , which just arrived , and it too is lacking the vent clips . I give up ...
 Not very useful . Fails to hold my phone or MP3 well . Does not clip to dash/vent well . Clips broke easily .
 Item description said this would hold an ipod nano . It falls out !! Both people that I bought this for complained of the same thing . Totally misleading description . A waste of my money .
 This was made of terrible quality and literally broke taking it out of the box . DO NOT BUY THIS !! It is total garbage !!!
 It started out GREAT , when I first installed it on my new HP laptop . As soon as windows started updating with all it 's `` fixes '' . . that was the end of it . After that , every floppy disc was unable to be read from my computer . Message reads `` disc must be re-formatted , in order to be used '' . Apparently same thing happened to someone else here , reviewing same TEAc product .
 I tried to install this drive on two different XP machines . On both , the system recognized the drive just fine , and no problem could be found by troubleshooting , but whenever the drive spun up it would make a high-pitched squealing noise . It refused to recognize known good disks , whether blank or containing data , and asked to format . If a format was attempted , it failed to complete the format process . I returned the item and went looking for something better . I 'm giving it two stars instead of one because I 'm familiar with TEAC products and assume this is an isolated issue .
 Specs did not disclose that this floppy drive is not recognized by Mac OS 10.5.X . When plugged in , the drive will appear in Desktop and Finder as an `` untitled '' drive . However , it is not specifically recognized as a `` floppy drive . '' The manufacturer 's support department failed to respond to emailed request for assistance -LRB- driver available ? -RRB- to fix the problem . Buyer beware .
 Specs did not disclose that this floppy drive is not recognized by Mac OS 10.5.X . When plugged in , the drive will appear in Desktop and Finder as an `` untitled '' drive . However , it is not specifically recognized as a `` floppy drive . '' The manufacturer 's support department failed to respond to emailed request for assistance -LRB- driver available ? -RRB- to fix the problem . Buyer beware .
 When listening to the recording of a recent meeting , our transcriptionist indicated that she could n't hear someone speaking that was only 6ft away from the recording device . We need a microphone that will pickup voices from around a large room .
 So far I 've used two of the tapes only to find out that one of them was broken right out of the package .
 I bought theMaxell MC90 Dictation and Audio Cassette 90 Minute 6 Packlast month for recording a 3-day religious convention . The result ? Only one tape worked . The rest totally wound off the one side of the tape . Like their video tapes Amazon obviously does not check the quality of the microcassette tapes they ship out . I no longer buy videos from them and I will make sure I wo n't be buying microcassette tapes on here . They really need to screen sellers more closely to make sure the products they are shipping will be good quality . The video tapes I got were not good quality and neither was this .
 I bought this cable to use it from a computer to a TV and the website did n't say it can not be used on a computer . When I got it , it did n't work on a computer and the receipt said that but not the description on their website before I bought it ! Then I tried to return it and I asked for a return number but nobody replied to my email !
 Do not buy this fan . That 's the best advice I can give you . - It 's noisy and the speed can not be changed - The screws supplied do not ` in any way ' fit - Onboard sensor connector does not work.I used this for 24 hours before the noise drove me to disconnect it .
 I had the fan in place , the bios read its speed correctly , yet it never changed its speed . Its normal speed was so low that I could n't even tell which way the air was flowing from it . I turned the fan around and it created the same airflow out the back of the computer . If you have a duo core processor , do n't get this piece of sh ** . An overclocked duo core @ 3.7 ghz could n't even get the fan to increase its speed . Avoid this fan like the plague
 I purchased the Vector run a 4-amp max rated thermoelectric cooler , and it worked well for 1 week . The Vector just quit on me . I am disappointed with the product not only for the obvious longevity issue , but the total lack of any serviceable reset or overload protection . My recommendation
 I do not trust this item . The very first time i plugged it up , It began to belch out smoke , putrid smoke . If it was n't for the fact that i only paid 66 cents for it i would seek to get my money back
 Coating is damaged . After hardly a few uses coating is in your food !! I 've send it to Presto , Then I 've waited for about 6 month to get my replacement , and guess what ? After a week replaced skillet coating is damaged too . And you pay your shipping and it costs more to send it back.It 's junkie skillet . no use at all.dissapoited .
 The `` nonstick '' coating starts peeling off in large chunks in the circle around the heating element within a few uses . Never in my life have I seen such poor quality in a supposedly `` name brand '' item . I have had other electric skillets that lasted years and years . This one started failing in under six months . I will not EVER buy another Presto product based on this sad experience , and am looking to replace this ASAP . It was quite a disappointment , too ... because the smaller size is handy when cooking for two . Buy something else . Or just set fire to your money . This thing is awful . -LRB- Please note the other reviews about this common complaint . -RRB-
 I purchased this skillet in 08/8/10 . I have n't had this skillet a full year - yet the non-stick coatingis peeling off . Not in small places , but wide sections . Even against the inside wall , were you would n't think it would peel . I wonder is anyone else having this problem . One man had the same problem with his skiillet , sent it back - received a new one that peeled as well . I like the small size I 'll just try my luck with a different brand .
 Presto heating is so far off that I will never buy another Presto product . I can not put this skillet higher than 250 or it burns everything . I had a Presto waffle maker - same problem - burned every waffle recipe I tried . There was no temp control on the waffle maker . Sent it back , got a new one & same problem . If I could give Presto products less than `` 1 '' , I would . Now looking for another brand of electric skillet . The waffle maker went to Good Will - someone else 's problem now .
 I have had this `` thing '' for about two years , did n't use it until recently -LRB- last two months -RRB- . Problems : Thermostat
 We bought this skillet specifically to make pancakes but it wo n't get hot enough . The pancakes dry out on the top but the bottom never browns enough to flip the cakes over .
 Drop down menu does n't offer zero stars and should have ! Because I 'm left with speakers and a sub-woofer which just quit producing sound three weeks outside of warranty and their web site -LRB- www.monsoonaudio.com -RRB- has been under construction for a month now . Their e-mail address -LRB- monsoonservice@level9sound.com -RRB- is undeliverable and 1-877-722-8346 number has been busy for months . So short of writing to their Monsoon Customer Care , 11782 Hammersmith Way , Suite 201 , Richmond , BC , Canada V7A 5E3 , probably equally undeliverable via U.S.Mails , customers are hung out to dry !
 I received my monsoon planar 9 speakers as a gift . I absolutely loved them . I listened to them for almost two years , and then one day they simply quit working . At times I can manage to get them to play some extremely distorted music , but that is a miracle if that happens . I have tried e-mailing and contacting monsoon audio directly , but their phone line has been disconnected and I have yet to hear a response from them via e-mail . Do not purchase this product .
 When I bought these speakers I was very , very pleased with the quality of sound and the sleak design . Unfortunately , after about three months I started getting distortion even at very low volume levels . I talked to a speaker salesman that said I probably just got some lemons . A contributing problem is that I can not get in touch with Monsoon . Their site is down -LSB- www.monsoonpower.com -RSB- and their new site has been `` coming soon '' for several weeks now -LSB- www.monsoonaudio.com -RSB- . Now I am stuck with once awesome , but now terrible sounding speaker .
 just got the connectors today and apparently 2 pin speakon connectors will only work with 2 pin speakon cables ... thanks for the heads up Parts Express . .
 I installed this into my car and it did not work . I had suspicions that this would be the case when I noticed that the package was written in broken English . It 's a shame I have to give this even 1 star.The car adapter that I purchased at Walmart worked without any problems .
 They sell this product with a white surface that you can normally create your own label and print directly on the cd with your printer . However , there is no software with any printer I can find that will print on these business card cds . I tried to create a label using the stick on labels but they will not stick to the surface and the fit is not exact . The size of label I used may be my fault but I am sure I used the right size and no matter it still do n't stick on the surface . I tried going to a print shop to see if they would print a label on these cds and they said no . The only way I can see to get a label for these cds is to have them printed online from one of the specialty cd providers and print shops usually used for mass production . In closing if you want to make a small quantity and your own labels use the round 80mm mini cd . They are not a business card shape but at least you can print directly on them using your own printer .
 I returned this battery as it does not fit the charger for the panasonic dvx100b , even though it 's advertised as a perfect replacement for the supplied battery for this camera . It fits the camera better , actually stays on , but this battery is taller than the battery that comes with the camera and so therefore , the EVF eyepiece does n't go flush with the top of the battery.I was only able to get it to charge by jimmy-rigging it together onto the charger by placing heavy things on top of it , clamping it onto the charger . I do n't recommend this battery if you have a DVX 100 or HXV 200 camera at all .
 I ordered a couple of these , and both last less than a few months before they would n't charge or hold a charge anymore . I 'm pretty disappointed -- had hoped they would have lasted a lot longer . Wo n't buy another .
 I have 2 DYMO Letra Tag Label makers and in general I like them . I use the plastic tape to label my spice jars . While the print holds up to the frequent handling , the labels do n't stay stuck to the glass bottles . No matter how carefully I clean the jars before applying the label they start peeling from one end or the other -LRB- and sometimes both -RRB- . They also do n't like to stick to the plastic caps.I am disappointed with this product , but have n't found anything better.BTW - The metallic tape was no better .
 Could n't find anyplace else on Amazon to review the Dymo Letra Tags . I am probably returning both models that I purchased . The more expensive model -LRB- QX50 -RRB- has a Qwerty keyboard , but prints horribly , if at all . On a single line of bold text , it printed just about nothing . It prints 2-lines of normal text , with contrast set at the highest level , very irregularly . You can see some letters but not others . This is supposed to be their newer model . The next level down -LRB- a few bucks less -RRB- looks more like a calculator in it 's design ; long and narrow -LRB- N10926 ? -RRB- . It prints really well ; very crisp letters even just at regular contrast . Unfortunately in 2-line mode it will not center the lines , has less symbols -LRB- I need inch marks -RRB- , and requires 6 batteries to the other model 's 5 . -LRB- Perhaps the extra power makes it print better though ? -RRB- I 'm pretty disappointed . The tapes are much more expensive than the old emobossed wheel gun models they make . LetraTag tapes provide only 13 feet of tape . I wanted to make labels for my garden stakes . I 'm going to take a look at the Brother and Casio lines of label makers and hope there 's something better .
 I bought this label maker for my nephew as a Christmas present . The only labels available then were white . Now I ca n't get any labels . There goes a great gift that will only last as long as the refill .
 Pros
 The tape does not stick to smoooth surfaces . I was trying to label plastic drawers and tool box drawers in my home shop . The labels fail to stick and fall off even when the surfaces are cleaned . I must apply contact cement to the label or put scotch tape over them to hold them in place . The labels are probably good to stick on paper but are not good for anything else ! Look for something better !
 THESE TAPES WERE VERY CHEAP BUT ONCE YOU ADDED THE SHIPPING IT WAS ABOUT THE SAMES PRICE AS THE REST - TAPES WERE ABOUT $ 4 - $ 5 AND SHIPPING WAS @ $ 15 . OH WELL THE TAPE IS GOOD QUALITY AND I NEEDED THEM .
 I bought a multi pack of this with a silver metallic , pink metallic , and blue metallic . I have tried the blue and silver , and with either I just get very faint printing of some of the letters . I re-printed my labels on the white paper tape and that turned out fine . I think I will return as this was very expensive label tape , $ 16-something for the 3-pack . I think the surface is too glossy for the letters to print out on ? Not sure .
 type it up , print it out and all you get is a blank label . could n't see the print
 The speaker for the Grundig TR2PE Traveller II is HORRIBLE !!! It is no better than a speaker from one of those transitor radios that I use to have as a kid . I thought German technology was better than that . If you want a good quality Grundig shortwave radio I HIGHLY suggest that you buy a higher quality model . Before I bought the Traveller II I had a Grundig Yacht Boy and it was excellent . However , I dropped it and my Yacht Boy is no more . So , I decided to buy this model . What a waste of money !!!
 Poor sound and poor reception on all bands . Although it was taken care of , it died after 10 months of very light use . Save your money .
 This is a good quality product , and worthwhile for the price . However , you should know that it may not fit your iPod touch or other device if you have any kind of case on it.I have a Marware Sportshell on my iPod touch 4th Generation , and this charger ca n't plug in far enough so that the device charges.Why ? Because the plastic on the charging plug -LRB- where it plugs into the iPod -RRB- is too wide!Now , you may think `` Well , that 's the fault of the case . '' I do n't think so , because all my other charger cords fit , and I suspect that Marware considered this type of issue . The recess on the case is just right for standard chargers.I suspect that the makers of this charger did not follow the specs.I was able to kludge this to fit by cutting off the sides of the plug.But if you have any type of permanent case on your device , buy a different charging cord .
 Good thing I ordered two of these cables - on the first day of use , one of the ends on one of the cables broke , rendering it useless .
 They dont send you the one in the picture . The end that plugs into the -LRB- whatever -RRB- - pod is much larger . It wont fit with some cases . Not really a problem for me but buyer beware . Also the plug that goes into the -LRB- whatever -RRB- - pod is made of plastic instead of metal . The whole cord seems cheep but it at 2 bucks for 3 of them its not a bad deal .
 This lasted about a month . I liked it at first as it worked well with my truck radio , It eventually quit retracting . I was warned , but did n't listen .
 Length of cable is ok - about 2 ' - and I usually have my device nearby to my laptop when I am downloading music . Retracts and expands ok -- sometimes needs coaxing to fully retract on either side . I discovered that although the cable allows my next gen nano to charge , it does not allow it to sync -- so I can not download my recent purchases . You get what you pay for I guess .
 I tried it with my iPhone 3Gs and it worked fine . But when I tried it on my iPad , iTunes 10 never recognized my device . As soon as I tried the original Apple cable , it recognized it successfully , I tried the retractable cable again and iTunes went back to not detecting my iPad.I tried another cable from Amazon -LRB- Apple iPhone 3G Retractable Sync & Charge USB Cable -LRB- White -RRB- -RRB- and it passed the test successfully . I recommend it for users who own both an iPhone and an iPad .
 Some of them do n't work . I did n't know it was possible for charging cords to not work but , it is . 2 of the 5 cords are defective and do n't work .
 Fell apart the second I took it out of the package . I should 've expected that for the price , so I purchased a higher quality one shortly after .
 It wo n't work at all . Not on any computer in the house . I 'd be upset if I did n't pay a buck .
 I ordered this retractable cord because I bought a battery pack for my iPhone . First off , it 's not what 's pictured . It 's some cheap piece of crap that broke when I first extended it . Do n't order this cord .
 This device is not compatible w / iPhone or iPad ! It is junk and a waste of money . Now I have to order one that will work !!! Do n't waste your time or money on this !!!!!
 Beware ! It 's not exactly the item shown in the picture ! It 's the big bulky iPod connector head . I got an iPod Touch , it 's so bulky that wo n't fit on the iPod with the case on .
 Does not work on my iphone 4 , cheaply made plastic junk , flimsy wiring , for me it was complete waste of money !
 This cable was very good for the first few months , but then started to degrade over time . It is now to the point that the side pins holding it in place on the iPhone has broken -LRB- specifically the springs pushing the tab back outward and creating tension -RRB- . I had a similar experience with a different 3rd party iPhone cable , so now I 'm just going to go back to using genuine Apple cables .
 I have ordered and used this cable before and really liked it over other retractables that I had . Actually , this was the only cable that worked ans looked good having very slim 30 - pin Apple connector . That 's the reason I ordered 2 more of them ... However , the items arrived are not the ones I ordered - they are the BLACK VERSION OF THE CHEAP WHITE CABLE YOU CAN BUY FOR $ 0.99 and they will last for few months only . Disappointed , as I read the reviews from others complaining about the same thing . Well , I am not going to return them as that will probably cost more to do so than to keep them . BUT BEWARE - THIS IS NOT THE ITEM YOU SEE ON THE PICTURE ! Just a black version of the widely available low-quality white retractable selling for $ 0.99 at Amazon .
 Sound quality is poor . Does not always work when inserted into cassette port .
 I still have a tape player in my car , so I was very happy to get this product , in order to listen to my ipod . Unfortunately , the cassette adapter never worked ! The cassette kept getting spit out . We tried over and over , hitting the prog button , turning it on in different order , hitting the rewind button , etc. . . It never worked , and I was very disappointed.The charger on the other hand did work , but my intention was to use the cassette adapter .
 After reading all of the reviews for the FM transmitters I decided I would go the cassette adapter way . It worked for about 2 songs then the player kept spitting it out . One of the reasons that I bought it was the power adapter that came with it . Maybe someone will get smart and make one of these things that actually WORKS !!!
 I dont normally review stuff . But i hate this product so much that i just could n't resist . At least it wasnt expensive , is all i can say . I wish 0 stars was an option . Anyway , the tape keeps spitting out , occasionally it WILL work for a couple songs , while stopping briefly to -LRB- im guessing here -RRB- flip sides every few moments . Sound quality is a bit fuzzy when it actually plays and sometimes the volume is really low . What a waste .
 No matter what I tried , I could only get sound to come out of one channel . Find something else to use .
 I second what others have said
 This item is not worth purchasing . It did not work in my vehicle at all . The cassette deck kept ejecting it . The only part that actually works is the charger . What a waste of money .
 I purchased this cassette adapter in order to listen to music from my ipod in my car . I have to turn the volume on the ipod up all the way , and the volume on the stereo up higher than I usually do , to get any sound . Even then , the sound will suddenly go out for no reason . This is junk . At least the car charger is usable , and the only reason I wo n't complain about not being able to rate this zero stars .
 I 've had this unit in the garage the past year and dug it out to increase my access points only to discover that it slowed my network down from 100 MBps to 10 MBps . I 'm not going to use it and checking eBay I ca n't even find anyone able to sell it for $ 20 , let alone $ 400 .
 Although the case is advertised for the Panasonic AG-DVC20 , it is way too small ... even if you take ALL the padding out . -LRB- Duh - the camera is bigger than the OUTSIDE of this case . -RRB- When I contacted the seller , they quickly offered me a return guarantee and my money back . Then they frankly told me , `` WE DO NOT SELL A CASE FOR THE AG-DVC20 . `` It is a nice case ... maybe something to put your lunch in when you go out in the field .
 I bought a DVX100b 2 years ago and bought a similar looking case from amvona.com which I love . I just purchased a second DVX100b and needed a second case . This looked like the exact same thing . Boy was I wrong.First off the thing was broken when it arrived . I would n't trust a point and shoot camera in this thing let alone an expensive camera . I seriously would be afraid that the bottom of the case would fall out . As soon as you take the case out of the box , it feels/looks cheap.Don ' t waste your money .
 The Panasonic Pro AG-DVC20 does not fit in this case . Do not buy it if you have the AG-DVC20 camera.The customer service is excellent . They refunded the money paid fast and without questions.But they continue advertising here that this Case is good for the Panasonic Pro AG-DVC20 , and this is not true .
 I own an AG-DVC20 and it does n't fit . I tried to get a refund from the seller but no response so far . Please be careful with the product 's description and specification .
 The panasonic AG-DVX100B does not fit in this case , it is too big . Tried to call back and return , first they were on vacation then their operating hours were were from 3-7pm , no weekends . Go to a local camera store if you want to find a case that works for your camera .
 The tape does not stick to smoooth surfaces . I was trying to label plastic drawers and tool box drawers in my home shop . The labels fail to stick and fall off even when the surfaces are cleaned . I must apply contact cement to the label or put scotch tape over them to hold them in place . The labels are probably good to stick on paper but are not good for anything else ! Look for something better !
 THESE TAPES WERE VERY CHEAP BUT ONCE YOU ADDED THE SHIPPING IT WAS ABOUT THE SAMES PRICE AS THE REST - TAPES WERE ABOUT $ 4 - $ 5 AND SHIPPING WAS @ $ 15 . OH WELL THE TAPE IS GOOD QUALITY AND I NEEDED THEM .
 Could n't find anyplace else on Amazon to review the Dymo Letra Tags . I am probably returning both models that I purchased . The more expensive model -LRB- QX50 -RRB- has a Qwerty keyboard , but prints horribly , if at all . On a single line of bold text , it printed just about nothing . It prints 2-lines of normal text , with contrast set at the highest level , very irregularly . You can see some letters but not others . This is supposed to be their newer model . The next level down -LRB- a few bucks less -RRB- looks more like a calculator in it 's design ; long and narrow -LRB- N10926 ? -RRB- . It prints really well ; very crisp letters even just at regular contrast . Unfortunately in 2-line mode it will not center the lines , has less symbols -LRB- I need inch marks -RRB- , and requires 6 batteries to the other model 's 5 . -LRB- Perhaps the extra power makes it print better though ? -RRB- I 'm pretty disappointed . The tapes are much more expensive than the old emobossed wheel gun models they make . LetraTag tapes provide only 13 feet of tape . I wanted to make labels for my garden stakes . I 'm going to take a look at the Brother and Casio lines of label makers and hope there 's something better .
 I bought this label maker for my nephew as a Christmas present . The only labels available then were white . Now I ca n't get any labels . There goes a great gift that will only last as long as the refill .
 Pros
 I have 2 DYMO Letra Tag Label makers and in general I like them . I use the plastic tape to label my spice jars . While the print holds up to the frequent handling , the labels do n't stay stuck to the glass bottles . No matter how carefully I clean the jars before applying the label they start peeling from one end or the other -LRB- and sometimes both -RRB- . They also do n't like to stick to the plastic caps.I am disappointed with this product , but have n't found anything better.BTW - The metallic tape was no better .
 not worth it . Spend the extra bucks , however many they may be , and get something better . The pair I got were not collimated , and the right side zoomed while the left did not .
 Double vision , just like everyone else . You get what you pay for . I 'm not going to purchase something only to have to fix it as soon as I take it out of the box . Threw these in the trash , looking for some decent ones .
 This binocular are very bad ... all the important parts are in plastic and in the first moment with my new binocular some parts were broken ... i ca n't use this product one hour ... this is my first time with a lousy product
 This thing is a piece of junk . at 30x it 's OK but at 60x you get double vision and need to close one eye . Save your money and get something else
 Received gift certificates for Amazon . Ordered a pair of Barska Gladiator binoculars and they arrived broken . Immediately sent them back to supplier with proper refund info to Amazon.It has been over a month and I have not received another pair of binoculars nor a refund from Amazon.If a living person ever reads this the order I.D.was 0920205 . The ship code DCc6xfPsPRMA.My gift certificate #z 2e3-geuzm5-mlfc & hg45-6e6q25-6v9a . My first shopping experience on Amazon was not good . thanks Tom
 WHEN WE RECEIVED THESE BINOCULARS I THOUGHT I WAS BACK IN THE 50 'S . TECHNOLOGY HAS CHANGED SO MUCH , HOW COME THEY STILL MAKE THESE GIANT SIZE THINGS . I KNEW IT WAS GOING TO BE BIGGER THAN THE AVERAGE ONES , BUT THESE ARE HEAVY AND GIANT SIZE . I KEPT THEM BECAUSE I ALSO LIVE IN JAMAICA AND I WAS THERE WHEN THEY WERE DELIVERED . WHEN I GOT BACK IT WAS TO LATE TO SEND THEM BACK . I WILL HAVE TO NOW BUY SOME MORE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . THEY ARE ALSO NOT AS CLEAR AS I WOULD HAVE EXPECTED . BUT AGAIN LOOK AT THE PRICE . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR .
 Inexpensive . Remember the song `` Double Vision '' ? You may be singing it when you try zooming on a distant object . At this price level you might get lucky and get a good pair . I was n't lucky . They only give a clear , single view at the lowest zoom . Take a chance if you want , but save the receipt .
 You get what you pay for
 Bincocular tripod adaptor mounting hole thread was defect , can not screw same brand Tripod Adaptor into the hole . Amazon was contacted and received a replacement of Binocular in next day . The replaced one has its Tripod Adaptor works properly . However , new problems found
 Flimsy plastic . Never focused properly . When putting your eyes against it , it lost focus from side to side . Read the reviews about this but thought we 'd give it a try . You get what you pay for . Will listen to the reviews from now on . Amazon was terrific w/the return . That 's why I buy from Amazon .
 The Barska Gladiator Binocular w/10 -30 x60 Zoom that I received were broken when I took them out of the box . You could see that the left side eye piece was damaged . Right side zoomed , left did n't move . Neither the shipping box nor the packaging showed any damage so these obviously shipped from Amazon in this condition . Either that or I got someone 's broken return . I repackaged them within ten minutes of opening the box . Add to this that I did n't get a full refund and I 'm really not a happy camper . At least I only lost $ 5-6 on the deal and the refund was quick . Next time I order from Amazon I will take a video when I open the package . Maybe then I will get all my money back . This , of course , if I take another chance with Amazon . I give zero stars for the product but add a star for the quick , although incomplete , refund . Note
 Perhaps I 'm just not familiar with how these things are rated . But in any case this thing could n't hold a door closed against a strong breeze . Returned it immediately .
 it was shipped promptly , but the tapes were broken and it was to much of a hassel to return
 This is the perfect example of the kind of scope astronomers warn beginners against.The first red flag is the ridiculously high maximum magnification of over `` 675x . '' Do you know what you will see at 675x in this scope ? Nothing but a dim blur . Note that the objective -LRB- main -RRB- lens is 60mm . All telescope optics have inherent limitations ; maximum useful magnification per millimeter of aperture is about 2x . Therefore , with any attempt to use this scope at magnification of over 120-140x , increase in image size will be more than offset by breakdown , and that 's even assuming the quality of the objective lens is any good.The finder is useless
 Ca n't for the life of me see how you are meant to peel this thing so it is stickable ... . a real disappointment , instructions say easy unpeel , that 's a load of baloney .
 This produces a great picture , but the life of the lamp is very short . We have now replaced the lamp twice . Both times , the new lamp lasted less than 400 hours . Will try one more time , than probably replace the projector .
 No problem , got the lamp , put it in and it works . Not much to say .
 Went up in smoke after 2 weeks . I now have to send this back to Belkin at my cost for a replacement
 I paid no too much for this product but their capabilities were not enough for me because
 It says it runs 120 minutes at full load . Mine did about 7 minutes at 35 % load ... at that point we were at 30 % level - the so-called `` deep cycle '' battery discharge according to the control software.Think about it
 I bought the F6C1500-TW-RK in Feb. 2006 . It lasted 13 months -LRB- till Mar. 2007 -RRB- , then it said `` UPS Over Temperature ! '' . Power cycling it did n't work.Stay away from Belkin !
 Pros
 I 've had this UPS for about 13 months . It works well enough for short blackouts , the box is relatively compact and looks nice enough.The biggest problem I have with this unit is that it has no mute button . A lot of cheaper UPSes lack the mute button , and when the power goes out at my house , I have beeping all over the place.You might argue that the Belkin software can mute the UPS -LRB- not sure if it really does or not -RRB- , but the software SUCKS badly on both Windows XP and Mac OS X. It 's absolutely horrible . I can tell you that the UPS software DOES properly shutdown my G5 tower quickly when the power goes out -LRB- have n't tried it with my XP machine -RRB- . For only a little more APC offers a 1500 VA unit with a voltage meter on it and a physical mute button . I 'm slowly migrating over to these higher end APC units for the meter and the mute button .
 This is my second Belkin that went belly up within a year and a half . This unit was only a year old . It let off a continuous tone with red light . I would have thought maybe the batteries needed replacing but there was a smell of burnt electronics that made me think otherwise . As I am 0 for 2 with Belkin UPS reliability , I must warn you not to buy one !!! I have a 6 year old APC that is still going with just battery replacement . I plan to get another one to replace the Belkin .
 We bought two Battery Back Up Plus Surge Protector units two years ago . Both failed with the slightest power bumps without staying on as designed to protect our computer . Of course they are no longer available . We had to spend a great deal of money and time getting them replaced as Belkin was not very customer friendly . Our third unit just failed and I have been going in circles trying to contact Belkin . I ca n't even send an email without it being returned unsent.The bottom line is that Belkin is not interested in quality customer service.I will not ever purchase another Belkin product .
 I live in an area where power outages are not uncommon . I have had two outages lasting two hours each in the past six months , and the first outage is what prompted me to purchase this unit . It appears to be performing well as a surge protector but the battery backup time is much lower than promised . I have a bare miniumum of devices connected to the unit including a PC computer , an LCD moninitor , a Linksys router , a Sipura VoIP adapter . Total power is much less than the 850 watts the unit is rated for . When I lost power two days ago , I thought I would be able to keep working for two hours , but the unit started fast beeping after 25 minutes and shut down at 30 minutes . After power was restored I tested the unit again with the same result.The other thing that bothers me is that the product detail page on Amazon indicates this unit has SNMP : `` The 1500 VA Battery Backup Tower provides an extensive set of advanced features , including SNMP-monitoring capabilities `` From this statement it is not clear that you have to pay another $ 150 for the SNMP card.This device , out of the box , does not have `` SNMP-monitoring capabilities . '' This is false advertising .
 First of all , I wish there was an option to not give a star . A product ought to meet minimum performance requirements . This unit does n't . I purchased this VCR very excited about its features . I experienced a problem with it putting a yellowish cast along the top of the video . I thought it might be the tape so I put the tape in an older Panasonic VCR and a Sony VCR . The color was not present . I then played the VCR through my RF input thinking perhaps that my new Panasonic TV had faulty video inputs . The same problem happened . I returned the unit and bought another just like it . It too had an identical problem . I dismissed it as a QC problem since the VCRs were made in Malaysia.I then located a new Panasonic 4620 VCR . It was made in Japan -LRB- like the good old days . -RRB- The yellow band was gone -- to be replaced by distortion . Vertical lines at the top of the pictures were all slanted almost 90 degrees to the right . The trees in the battle scene from Gladiator looked like someone had taken an axe to them . I exchanged it for another of the same model . Same problem . I went through all of the previous diagnostic routines using the tape in other VCRs and had no problem . I also plugged the unit into my Sony TV . The image was improved but still unacceptable . All images had a slight tilt to the left.Tracking adjustments did not help me in any of the cases . I gave up and decided to stick with my old 4-head hi-fi Panasonic VCR from 1987 -LRB- now only usable in mono -RRB- . I also ended up taking the new Panasonic CT27D20 television back and exchanged it for a Toshiba 32A50 suspecting that the Panasonic TV shared part of the problem . The Toshiba is great ! I also purchased a Panasonic DVD-R65 DVD unit . The Panasonic DVD is a fantastic unit.I 've been a long time Panasonic and Sony fan . But I lost faith in Sony TV quality -- they just do n't last long . I 'm now wondering about Panasonic . What 's puzzling is that their VCRs are rated highest in quality by Consumer Reports . I was very thorough in my analysis . Perhaps I had the 1 in 1,000,000 statistically bad ones . The units were not characteristic of my Panasonic experiences . Nor do my experiences match up with other reviews . The tapes I test were all good ones too.The Toshiba is a first for me -- so far it , the old Panasonic VCR and the new Panasonic DVD work great together .
 I bought this when the PV-V4521 I wanted was n't available . Took the unit home , set it up . Then the fun began.I was able to get it to work with my dish fine . My child wanted to watch a video , so I put one in , then hit rewind . Seconds later it was done , and began to play . It played for 15 seconds , rewound , then stopped . Hrmm . I ejected the tape , the VCR ate it . Oh great . I tried another tape ... a new , blank one , the same thing.I looked online for something about this , and another review site had several folks this happened to . I boxed it up and return it , this time trying my luck with a Samsung VR8160 instead.The instructions were good , I liked the lighted remote . Installation was easy . Could n't tell you on how the VCR played , since it was too hungry to play and insisted on eating tapes.I gave it a 2 because it at least powered up . The menus are easy to navigate , but this tape eating feature ... well ... I bought this unit to PLAY tapes , and it serves me no purpose if it 's going to not do that.I 'd be leery to recommend this one to someone else .
 I traditionally buy Panasonic for their great reputation . With this VCR , they lost a loyal customer . It is loud ... when playing , recording , or fast-forwarding/rewinding . It feels cheap . . light , plastic-y . Remote has a horrible layout - for example , the pause button is in the bottom right corner -LRB- about the size of an appleseed -RRB- , whereas all of the other functions are on the top , middle . Has very few features other than VCRPlus . Picture quality is good on Hi-Fi videos , but only the SP or LP modes are good with recording TV shows . Sound is so-so , although it does do SAP for alternate languages . Overall , I just was really disappointed with this one . If I had to do it again , I 'd recommend a JVC in the 100-125 dollar range ... very happy with mine .
 I 've owned/tried many VCR brands , like Magnavox , Sony , Mitsubishi , Sanyo , Toshiba , and JVC . Currently I own a Sony SLV-N71 in addition to this Panasonic . The reason I bought it was , and it is its only strength , that Panasonic is about the last VCR maker that gives you three recording speeds
 I really do n't know what could happend to this VCR trough out the shippment but when I received it from UPS it was damaged in such a way that I thougt it was a bad joke ... . I opened the box , just took a look of what it was left and inmeditely closed the box , I was really disapointed.I ca n't rate this VCR because I never even plug it into the wall .
 I recieved mine as a gift for Xmas , after trying 3 brand new tapes in it and getting the same result , no sound or bad cracking noises , I put it back in the box and returned it . I really cant comment on any of the features because I did n't even get that far .
 I bought this VCR to go with a new Panasonic TV ; after trying for a week to hook it up , I asked a friend to try . He failed , too , then I spoke with the service dept. of Panasonic , who said to send it back to them . `` Works fine here , '' the service rep said . He sent it back and we tried again . Then I hired an electronic wizard to set it up . He spent 2 hours tryimg to set it up and then another two hours on the telephone with our new friend Dan at Panasonic , and Dan finally turned him over to someone else there , and it now works for `` Play , '' but Record ? Never ! It will not record even when we sit there and push the buttons manually , Both the TV and the VCR are simple , basic machines , no bells and whistles . The VCRPlus feature will not function . I plan to return it to Panasonic , not the store where I bought it , as a lesson in how not to make a VCR , and I will buy another brand . I would have thought that to have both machines the same brand made the same year would make it easier , not impossible , to make them work together , Not so . I have always liked Panasonic and trusted them Not any more , and never again .
 Being that we had already gone through 2 other Panasonic VCR models -LRB- we started really cheap and worked up to this one -RRB- we thought that we just had a run of bad luck with them . Other Panasonic gear we had purchased was AOK for the most part . However , these 3 Panasonic VCRs -LRB- inclusive of this one -RRB- all had the very same problem - CRAP AUDIO . In most of the tapes , no matter new , old , rented , bought - whatever - the HI-FI indicator would blink on and off during playback . When this happens - of course - the stereo sound would go on and off creating an unacceptable listening experience . And yes , quite a few tapes would just GROWL at us and we could n't hear the movie.Since we did n't have these problems in other VCRs we isolated it to the Panasonic -LRB- s -RRB- . We have even emailed them about this insanity . The really strange thing is although we see other poor reviews up here that mention sound , we are surprised after going through THREE of these VCRs , there are n't more . We did n't even bother to see if the problem extended into the recording side . We are just through with Panasonic VCR 's - 3 strikes and they 're OUTAH HEA !! ...
 I always loved Panasonic VCRs . This one just did not last . Even after regular cleaning , the thing eats tapes . Even pulled it apart and cleaned it by hand . No change . Just over a year old .
 -LSB- Are you wanting to buy this ? -RCB- ... do n't bother . I had the Mod 4021 -- TWO of them which Amazon.com graciously accepted back . They both had lines and screen `` noise '' and poor sound . So I decided the 4611 would be the answer to the problem . WRONG ! Same old same old . It records fine
 If you have enough money and you want to waste it then buy this VCR . If you have also a lot of free time that you like to spend it try to set this VCR and visiting Panasonic Service Centers then again buy this VCR.Dont make the same mistake . I just bought this VCR and I spend all night trying to set it up with not success . I called Panasonic to help me and again with no success . They told me also to put a tape in and push play but even this was not working . The VCR was completely broken . Its such a shame for Panasonic to sell such product to the market.The result was to return this VCR and pay the shipping because I really had enough .
 I would have given this no stars , but it did work when it first came . Set-up was ok , it is a bit loud and you can not record and watch a different channel at the same time . -LRB- kinda what VCRs are for -RRB- It was grainy when you record , and the sound was ok.Now like I said this might just be the unit I got , but I would not buy this again . I am going to spend the extra money and buy something better .
 i returned this vcr on 2-1-02 & have not recieved credit on my account . i would like to buy a different vcr when you credit my account.its been 2weeks & nothing is has been done
 Avoid this like the plague!I liked the look and idea of this product when it first came out but have been seriously let down by poor the poor programmers and service department at Sony.As other reviewers have stated , the M-Crew software is the weak link with the bundle . Sony 's lack of inter-operability with other media server software is another reason this Hi-Fi will continue to dissapoint.I will not go on about the lack of usability and functionality of the software as other have covered this . Instead I 'll cut to the chase and tell you that after 9 months of reasonably contented use , the M-Crew software now no longer runs . As another reviewer here has mentioned , the service just starts and then immediately stops . Nothing has changed on my machine and it is not a dual processor like the other reviewer 's machine.I have emailed and called Sony support but they have been criminally negligent and will not support this product . They have not released any updates or patches to the software and the fact that no other network products like this have been released by Sony seems to say a lot . I work in the IT profession and have tried to the best of my knowledge -LRB- and that available on the internet -RRB- to resolve this to no avail.I am now left with two expensive and average CD players . If you buy the NAS-CZ1 you will be taking a big chance .
 Within 2 weeks of purchase , this VCR began to ` reject ' tapes it did n't like . I thought at first it was because the tapes were old or of poor quality , so I threw a lot of them away and bought new , higher-quality tapes . But then it began to happen with brand new tapes . I 'd put the tape in , it 'd spit them right back out . Now , after a year , EVERY tape I put in gets ejected at least 4 or 5 times before it will play . Many wo n't play at all . I 'd give this unit less stars , but it does do very well if I can ever get the ... tape in to begin with !
 The VCR does have alot of features but what good is it if the picture and audio are horrible ? I bought this VCR about a year ago and have yet to enjoy a tape . Recording quality and playback both have problems with constant `` snow '' in the picture and static in the audio . I 'd recommend steering clear of this product !
 I only used mine five minutes and decided it was too noisy . Traded it in for a different model .
 On October 12 , 2002 , we bought a Panasonic PV-V4612S VCR from Circuit City to replace an old VCR . We took the VCR home , hooked it up , and tested it to make sure it worked . We have two VCRs and do n't use either one very often , so it was n't until December that we realized that the new Panasonic VCR would not play or record on older video tapes but instead would spit these tapes out immediately . Our other VCR -LRB- and the VCR that the Panasonic was purchased to replace -RRB- never had this problem.I called Panasonic 's 800 number and discussed the problem with a Panasonic representative because I thought maybe the VCR was supposed to reject older tapes for some reason unknown to me . The Panasonic representative assured me that the VCR was not supposed to reject older tapes and told me to take it to an authorized Panasonic service center , which in this case was Consumer Electronic Service . I dropped off the VCR at Consumer Electronic Service . However , Consumer Electronic Service -LRB- CES -RRB- told me there was nothing wrong with the VCR . I brought in one of our older tapes and showed them that the VCR rejected the tape . The CES representative told me that it worked fine with his sample tapes -LRB- which appeared to be brand new -RRB- and that there was n't a problem if there was only one tape that the VCR would n't work with . I told him it was many tapes , that our other VCRs had no problem with these tapes , and offered to bring in more tapes to show him the problem . He refused , insisting that if he could get the VCR to work with his sample tapes that there was no problem with the VCR . I appealed to Panasonic , but this time a different Panasonic representative told me that Panasonic would have to accept the service center 's diagnosis . They said that I could not get a refund or exchange the VCR for a new one . The only option Panasonic now offered was for me to return the VCR to Panasonic in exchange for a `` reconditionedE -LRB- i.e. , used -RRB- machine . Of course , by the time I got the used VCR back , the product would be out of warranty.I am amazed that Panasonic and their certified service provider both refuse to admit that the inability of a VCR to play some videotapes is a defect . I am also very disappointed that the only option offered by Panasonic was to exchange this VCR for another , used VCR which might have had the same problem , at which point the product would have been out of warranty . I am sure that most consumers expect to be able to play their entire video tape collection on a VCR that they purchase . Because this VCR could not play the majority of our videotapes , I believe that this problem certainly does constitute a breach of warranty and consumers who purchase such a machine should have the option of returning the VCR to the manufacturer for a refund . It certainly seems that here , Panasonic used its certified service provider to create the illusion of independent evaluation while actually the certified service provider must be collaborating with Panasonic to declare defective merchandise `` non-defective , Ethereby sticking the consumer with merchandise that does not work for its intended purpose . I will not be doing business with either Panasonic or Consumer Electronic Service of Cary in the future .
 I bought this VCR in January because of the price . The first movie I watched was `` Castaway '' and I heard this noise in the background that sounded like a `` didgeridoo , '' you know that Australian instrument you blow into . I thought it was the background music from the movie , but later as I watched the next movie the noise was still there . And every movie I have ever watched on this VCR had this noise . I should have returned this thing as soon as I figured out the noise was coming from the VCR . It is now May and the piece of junk just ate a tape I rented from Blockbuster . After I get the tape out of this thing , I 'm throwing it out my window.My other impressions of this VCR :1 . The noisiest Rewind and Fast Forward I have ever heard !!! Do n't even try to listen to a tv show while rewinding a tape .2 . If the power should go out or you unplug the thing for more than a few seconds you have to reprogram all the channels -LRB- I mean for when you want to use the channel up/down button on the remote -RRB- 3 . The jack where you plug in your cable or antenna is in such a spot that if you have to screw it on , rather than just push it on , it is near impossible , not to mention painful !!! My fingers still hurt from unscrewing my cable .4 . The piece of junk only lasted 5 months . Yes , I do rent at least one video from Blockbuster a week , but still the piece of junk should last longer than 5 months .5 . I am sure there are many other problems with this VCR , I am just too mad to think of them at the moment.I am very glad this thing finally broke ; after those 5 long agonizing months of listening to the `` didgeridoo '' background music of every tape I watched on it . PIECE OF JUNK !!!!!!!
 It was n't a great VCR , but it did work , for 4 years . Only 4 years . One day , today , it stopped showing the video . You could hear the audio , but no video . Everything the other folks are saying about this thing is true
 I bought this VCR a few months ago when my Goldstar VCR of many years finally gave up the ghost . The price seemed right , and I thought Panasonic was reliable . However , while playing tapes I always seem to hear what sounds like the faint hum of a vacuum cleaner . The noise is distracting . It does n't have a superfast FF play feature like my old VCR had , and I miss it . Also , I 've suddenly lost picture quality and the VCR is telling me that I need to insert a head cleaner . I have n't used old or poor quality tapes and should n't have to use a head cleaner so soon after purchase . I really wish I could find another Goldstar .
 On October 12 , 2002 , we bought a Panasonic PV-V4612S VCR from Circuit City to replace an old VCR . We took the VCR home , hooked it up , and tested it to make sure it worked . We have two VCRs and do n't use either one very often , so it was n't until December that we realized that the new Panasonic VCR would not play or record on older video tapes but instead would spit these tapes out immediately . Our other VCR -LRB- and the VCR that the Panasonic was purchased to replace -RRB- never had this problem.I called Panasonic 's 800 number and discussed the problem with a Panasonic representative because I thought maybe the VCR was supposed to reject older tapes for some reason unknown to me . The Panasonic representative assured me that the VCR was not supposed to reject older tapes and told me to take it to an authorized Panasonic service center , which in this case was Consumer Electronic Service . I dropped off the VCR at Consumer Electronic Service . However , Consumer Electronic Service -LRB- CES -RRB- told me there was nothing wrong with the VCR . I brought in one of our older tapes and showed them that the VCR rejected the tape . The CES representative told me that it worked fine with his sample tapes -LRB- which appeared to be brand new -RRB- and that there was n't a problem if there was only one tape that the VCR would n't work with . I told him it was many tapes , that our other VCRs had no problem with these tapes , and offered to bring in more tapes to show him the problem . He refused , insisting that if he could get the VCR to work with his sample tapes that there was no problem with the VCR . I appealed to Panasonic , but this time a different Panasonic representative told me that Panasonic would have to accept the service center 's diagnosis . They said that I could not get a refund or exchange the VCR for a new one . The only option Panasonic now offered was for me to return the VCR to Panasonic in exchange for a `` reconditionedE -LRB- i.e. , used -RRB- machine . Of course , by the time I got the used VCR back , the product would be out of warranty.I am amazed that Panasonic and their certified service provider both refuse to admit that the inability of a VCR to play some videotapes is a defect . I am also very disappointed that the only option offered by Panasonic was to exchange this VCR for another , used VCR which might have had the same problem , at which point the product would have been out of warranty . I am sure that most consumers expect to be able to play their entire video tape collection on a VCR that they purchase . Because this VCR could not play the majority of our videotapes , I believe that this problem certainly does constitute a breach of warranty and consumers who purchase such a machine should have the option of returning the VCR to the manufacturer for a refund . It certainly seems that here , Panasonic used its certified service provider to create the illusion of independent evaluation while actually the certified service provider must be collaborating with Panasonic to declare defective merchandise `` non-defective , Ethereby sticking the consumer with merchandise that does not work for its intended purpose . I will not be doing business with either Panasonic or Consumer Electronic Service of Cary in the future .
 I do n't care for the programming procedure on Panasonic . Each entry must be completed from scratch -LRB- no memory of recent entries , including today 's date -RRB- , but worst of all is that you ca n't enter the time directly , nor is a logical selection offered
 I should have gotten my money back , it does n't work well at all . PIECE OF JUNK !
 1 . Shipping was fast and no damage . 2 . Item that I received was not as the picture showed , there is no phone line splitter . The name `` Belkin PureAV Home Theater 9-Outlet Surge Protector '' is confusing , too many similar products from Belkin . Even you could not find some model number in Belkin 's website . 3 . I will not blame the seller ; the model number system of Belkin is blamable .
 I ordered this tripod and when it came I was so disappointed that I sent it back immediately . The neoprene made my hands itch . It was n't level when I put my camera on it . It angered me so much that I bought a carbon fiber tripod and magnesium head from the good people at Slik in the same hour . Although it was of poor quality for my use I would still say it would be good for someone who is just starting out in photography . I give it a low rating partly because I was being cheap and I should have went for the carbon fiber in the first place .
 Expensive , but wonderful design , until the monitor goes out after 2.5 years , and it will cost $ 800 for a new one . Sony parts are out of this world in price , and most repair people say it will cost more that it 's worth . It does n't have any place to add another monitor to even check it out .
 I bought and returned this product ... The PVVS4821 is made of ... thin plastic - mine weighed in at just over four pounds !! It was so light that when you inserted a tape , you had to hold the macine or it would be pushed back from the `` force '' of inserting the tape!The writing on the rear panel is not painted , so you ca n't read what the jacks are for ... When you try to push in the S-Video , the whole panel bulges back ; again it 's the ... thin plastic and incredibly skimpy construction.Note that -LSB- this -RSB- Panasonic -LSB- model was made in -RSB- China for this new model ... you 'd be better getting last year 's 4820 instead if you can!The remote is terrible . Tiny buttons that are almost useless for essentials like volume , channel . And really bad layout has you fumbling all over the remote.The picture is not as good as previous units because they substituted dynamorphous heads with ... vanilla video heads . It does n't even have 19-micron , so slow speed picture is noisy . Think circa 1984 video head technology.The good thing about this unit is the commercial advance , which usually works . Too bad that some other manufacturers ... do n't have this feature . Also , the VCR Gold Plus works well , if you 're too lazy ... to set up your own machine once . Instead , I 'd rather have adequate power-backup so I don '' t lose my programming if the power goes off for long.Anyway , what a disappointment . It 's really hard to find a decent VCR these days , but I think that you 'd do better with a good Mitsu or Toshiba - asd I 've checked SVHS from 4 manufacturers side-by-side . Also tested the rather poor sony slnv81 . This Panasonice ranks dead last by a long shot . I 'm writing this because I 'm peeved at how their poor product wasted my time and lost me shipping ... !
 When recording in S-VHS or VHS-ET the picture quality is poor . The picture is grainy and the detail is n't there . Recording in SLP is extrememly poor . Automatic tracking is useless , you practically have to track manually each tape . Playback of store-bought tapes is decent , though . No complaints about the features or the remote . The unit is indeed very light , as another reviewer said , but these days all VCRs are much lighter than they used to , so you should n't judge it by that . I returned it to the store , needless to say and would n't recommend this VCR to anyone . I guess Panasonic is n't what it used to be .
 I purchased this VCR with the intent of enjoying the bells and whistles that came along with this unit , but much to my disapointment , this unit would shut off after 10-15 minutes of playing and for several minutes after the shut down , I could not turn it back on . After cooling for a few moments , it would turn on , but after another 10-15 minutes , it would shut off just as before . Needless to say , it does n't matter how many bells and whistles this unit has , if it 's going to shut down as often as it does , it 's not worth keeping , so I 'm sending it back and I 'm going to buy a VCR that works .
 I always heard how Panasonic made such fine VCRs . While this may have been true in the past , I believe that Panasonic is slipping . Which is all this VCR gave from the time I got it - a `` slipping '' picture . Every tape I tried would miss-track , or the picture would flutter & roll , or loud mistracking noises would happen every few minutes . Did n't matter if it was an old tape , freshly opened tape , newly purchased movie , every one miss-tracked or the picture would roll , etc. . Despite `` autotracking '' feature , I constantly had to manually track the machine , especially after fast-forwarding through a commercial . My previous Panasonic worked very well for two years , and then did the very same thing , despite my taking good care of it . Which is all a shame , because this Panasonic VCR is one of the few available with an S-video output , which would have meant a superior picture-if only it did n't slip , slide & roll .
 Broke in one month . Got fixed free of charge . Then broke again the same way just over one year . Refused to fixed without charge . Very disppointed with both their stuffs and services .
 It did everything they advertised , vcr plus , scanning through commercials , universal remote , you name it.It died within 24 months . Something with the motor on the VCR . It would run for a few minutes , then conk out . Sometimes I could n't even eject the tape . I replaced it with another Panasonic VCR , and it also died within 24 months.I 'm done with Panasonic for good .
 I have used SVHS for over 10 years . I have owned 2 Magnavox -LRB- old models do n't remember the models now -RRB- , 2 Panasonic pv-s4566 models , and 3 JVC models , 2 HR-S5400U and 1 HR-S3900U . I have used S-VHS with Satelite for 5 years . Using S-VHS with Satelite gives you a very good copy . Save your money and the trouble of returning this Panasonic VCR . The picture quality was very poor and grainy especially on my existing S-VHS recordings . The JVC is better than this one.But if you are using Satelite and want a great temporary copy I highly recommend the Sony Satelite receiver with Ulitmate service . Model SAT-W60 . This is without a doubt the best invention since sliced bread !! I wo n't go into detail about all the things I love about this product which are many . The only drawback I have noticed is when you have 2 shows recording at the same time , or when you have 1 show recording and you keep one show live in the picture window and browse the program grid at the same time , The grid is a little slow to respond . I would also like to have a larger hard drive in it . If you couple a good S-VHS VCR for long term library and this Satelite Receiver with built in digital recording you have a great entertainment system .
 ATTENTION AMAZON -- MISPLACED REVIEWS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The reviews on this product are for some mouse , not for the product shown .
 I bought this mouse after my original dell mouse gave up . I was excited by the potentials of so many programmable buttons and it worked great in the beginning . After a while the main button stopped working . When I click on something , it clicks it with a double click -LRB- even though it 's set for a single click -RRB- . When I try to click and drag , it does n't hold onto the object I 'm clicking and dragging on -LRB- Making it impossible to work with in PhotoShop or highlighting text -RRB- . When I 'm browsing the web , if I scroll through the page quickly it will take me back to previous page -LRB- very annoying -RRB- . I 'm running on Win 98 . It has a good vision , but the execution will disappoint .
 The Kensington mouse is sleek and elegant and best of all not too expensive which is what drew it to my attention however it has one problem that overshadows all of its buttons and sleek design , the buttons are untrustworthy . I say this meaning that when you click you ca n't count on it to click 100 % of the time . When it does work -LRB- which is most of the time -RRB- you ca n't count on it to continually hold as it will occasionally just give up . This can be a serious problem when dragging files as the mouse will let go when you do n't . I use the mouse for gaming where it has driven me insane for half a year . I ca n't take it anymore , I 'm buying another mouse and I advise you to do the same .
 I love optical mice , but this one 's buttons are either sticky or just nonfunctional . The buttons sometimes tell the computer that one click means `` two clicks ! '' or `` five clicks ! '' Other times , when I drag to select something , the selection does n't hold . It makes me crazy . It comes and goes , but really makes my job difficult sometimes . I 'm buying another one and throwing this one out the window .
 I purchased one of these mice soon after they were released , and was somewhat happy with it for about 5 months , then the primary button stopped working . Kensington sent me a replacement , and now , three months later , the primary button on that one is broken too . I 'm still waiting for a second replacement since they are out of stock.Ergonomically , this mouse is terrible . It 's impossible to pick it up while holding one of the buttons due to the flat edge all around on the bottom -LRB- as opposed to curved like apple 's and most other mice -RRB- . If you have large hands , find a different mouse . This one is designed for women or small-handed men , and provides no support for the palm of your hand .
 I purchased these for my mustang.I read the reviews and bought them even thou i was skeptical about the quality of them because the price was so low.Well i was wright they are total JUNK they are not even worth the cost of shipping them back.If you are looking to throw your money away then buy them but other than that dont waste your time or money.They should not be allowed to sell JUNK like this.I only gave one star because you cant give them none.I hooked them up and could not even hear them until i put my ear up to them and then all i heard was noise not even close to what you would expect to hear from a tweeter.Any body that says these even work is ether def or lying .
 dont recommend these . very poor sound you can barely hear them . they blew the first day . i got the power acoustic nb 's the same time i ordered these . power acoustic 's sound way better and havent gave me any problems .
 These tweeters are junk . I got them in a swift manner and a cheap price , but cheap is what they are . One of them didnt even work ! I have no time for returns and exchanges , so I thank God it was under ten bucks total . From one audio lover to you ... DO NOT BUY THESE
 The Boss tweeters did not handle the rated power at all.Pushed 100 watts thru it and they blew -LRB- 2 sets -RRB- ! Very cheap designCheap crossoverJust buy a better pair - yes these are inexpensive but youre paying for what you get.Save yourself the time of putting these cheap ones in that will blow and buy tweeters with better quality .
 I purchased this VCR since my old one was also Panasonic and worked well over the years . The features of this new VCR are great . However , I am now on my second one after having returned the first . The first one made a great deal of noise from the motor and recorded video playback was grainy . The second unit is much more quiet during operation , but the viewing of recorded video is terrible . There is a very noticeable degradation of the picture upon playback and an `` interference '' type line wiggling along the bottom . Adjusting the tracking does not solve the problem . I have purchased new tapes , but that has not changed anything . This second unit is going back to the store tomorrow . After reading other reviews , I am wondering if Panasonic produced a bad `` batch '' of this model VCR . There seems to be too much disparity between reviews where some say the picture is excellent and others say it 's terrible . I am still debating whether I will try a third unit of this same model and brand .
 This VCR has many wonderful bells and whistles , like commercial advance , many indexing searches and great displays . BUT the recordings are terrible . I had to return this VCR . It is also noisy which you do n't notice if it is in a glassed cabinet . the remote is easy to learn but the buttons are unbelievably tiny .
 Panasonic must have a quality control problem with these units . I 've read reviews stating the picture quality is great and other reviews saying it is horrible . Add mine to the horrible list . Recording at any speed results in grainy playback . The VCR is the noisiest VCR I 've ever heard . The remote has micro buttons for the channel changing and the record button is too close to the channel buttons . Setup is not easy either . Mine powered up talking French , so I had to wade through the manual to figure out how to reset it . FF or Rewinding does not automatically display time remaining . You have to press the display button on the remote to get this info . Needless to say , it went back to the store . I exchanged it for a Sony SLVN71 ... The Sony was a breeze to setup . Did n't even open the manual . Remote was excellent . Picture quality was excellent . Plus the Sony has a metal frame and case . The Panasonic is total plastic .
 I bought this VCR in December , it 's now March and the picture is gone . the screen is just blue when it is on `` play '' , but if you Fast Forward or Rewind it , you can see the picture . Bizarre ! Our other VCRs lasted several years . I contacted Panasonic but have not had a reply . Needless to say , I am NOT happy with this purchase .
 Positives , puts out good video . I purposely bought a TV and VCR from the same manufacturer to simplify remote control problems . I will not buy from panasonic again . The VCR remote can control the TV , but there are two vcr/tv buttons , they do different things , but it is n't obvious or intuitive when to use which one . This machine has a lot , and I mean a lot of buttons on the remote . The VCR has no RCA video jack out , but it does have one for video in and there is no explanation for this from customer service . There are an endless list of illogical inconsistencies with this machine . Unless you want complications in your life , avoid this machine.Overall , I recommend you avoid this machine , unless you like looking through manuals to figure out what button to push for what . The video output is nice though , can you tell I 'm trying to be positive .
 I only bought this machine because it has 4 hour recording capability . That 's the only thing going for it with me . Theauto tracking causes more trouble than its worth . There 's a dreadful hum with my prerecorded tapes , worse with some than others . It also chews tapes-they were both T-160s but this thing 's predecessor an RCA-ProScan that I had for over 7 years before it went the way of all good things never did that no matter what brand of tape I put in
 Died right after the warranty expired ...
 It shuts itself off after 10 minutes of recording , and sometimes randomly during playback too . Also operation is very noisy .
 I purchased this VCR as a primary unit in a home theater setup . Setup was smooth , especially the auto clock and auto channel setup.I was pleasantly surprised to discover that the Moview Advance feature actually worked . It 's designed to skip the movie previews that are at the beginning of most commerical tapes . I tested this feature on a variety of tapes , and it worked as advertised . A great feature for those of us who 's kids are exposed to enough advertising as it is.However , extras aside , I found the playback quality extremely poor . There were visible lines and `` waves '' that appeared on commerical tapes as well as tapes that the unit recorded itself . Adjusting the tracking did not help.I really wanted to like this VCR but it 's going back .
 Bought a ` scratch & dent ' unit from Crutchfield -LRB- great company -RRB- , but I had to send it back . Playback quality of recorded tapes was sub-standard . I really wanted the Commercial Advance feature and it worked correctly about 60 % of the time . The biggest pain was trying to use fast forward to get thru a commercial without continually overshooting . Its too fast ! -LRB- my old Admiral is two speed and much easier to control -RRB- . The programming interface is also archaic ! Having to use the up/dn keys to set the channel , time , and date is ridiculous . It blows my mind that we 've advanced so far with all these features yet their implementation is two steps back from what we had in the past .
 Have had to return the unit twice -LRB- so far -RRB- . The replacement was worse than the original . Avoid Panasonic products made in Indonesia and Mexico . Products made in Japan are much better .
 I needed a new vcr for the kids to use to play some ot the older videos . I have a very old panasonic but needed another vcr for the basement . This unit was very easy to setup but the noise while playing a tape require to turn the volume on the tv to hear the movie . Also the picture quality is very poor compared to the old panasonic I already have . A lot of nice features but quality is very poor . I am sending it back now . Beware it does not have the same quality as the older panasonic .
 After reading the reviews posted here I see that Panasonic must have a serious quality control issue with these units . Mine arrived last week and was easy enough to set up . I did n't record anything for a few days . I recorded a show last Sunday night and could not believe my eyes/ears when I played the tape back . There are some serious tracking issues . Snow all over the screen and a flat , hum-laden audio signal were all I could get out of playback . I spent hours testing verious settings , connections , etc. with the same result each time . I 'm returning this VCR pronto and looking at reviews more closely next time .
 This VCR has many fine bells and whistles -- `` features , '' they call them . I was glad it had them . It was also fairly easy to install and set up . But I was greatly disappointed with the quality of the picture . At first I thought the poor picture quality might be due to poor tapes , so I tried a variety of tapes , from brand-new commercially manufactured tapes to older -LRB- fine -RRB- tapes I 'd made off the TV . All tapes appeared grainy , with poor color saturation . The reds and dark browns were especially bad . My old VCR , also a Panasonic , which I have used for over 10 years , produced a far better picture from all tapes , new and old . I very rarely return a product to the seller , but in this case I felt bound to . I knew that if I kept it and continued to use it , I would feel nothing but irritation and frustration with the inferior picture quality .
 I have had two of these units fail within 6 weeks with the same identical problem . The audio record head fails to function . This means that you can record a new show and the sound track from whatever you are taping over remains as the sound for the new show . This makes for interesting viewing!Panasonic has discontinued this model , I wonder why ?
 I purchased this tv/vcr combo for my teenage daughter , and we really liked it at first . The size , good quality tv picture , and the FM radio were all nice features . However , after only about 6 weeks of use , the vcr started to mangle tapes . Several of our tapes were ruined , and would no longer play . Maybe this was a fluke , but I would not buy another one of this brand of tv/vcr .
 I bought this is late December of ' 01 . I used it just a little until Feb of '02 when it was put into full time service as a VCR to time shift some daily programming . This is when I noticed it did n't work right . Volume for the TV was okay , but the VCR playback volume was horrible . Very low . When I turn it up to match approximate TV volume , it buzzes like crazy . Well , it 's been in the shop for almost five months total since March and they think it works okay . Although they admit that when they had called Panasonic Dealer Tech support , they were told its a design flaw in thses combo sets.So , I have a $ 200 TV/VCR that is of no use to me and Panasonic declined my request for my money back -LRB- this after three trips to the repair center and half a dozen calls to customer service -RRB- . This is the first time I 've really been unhappy with a purchase . And yet , Panasonic ca n't bring themselves to refund $ 200 for customer satisfaction.Sooo ... if you buy one , pray it works to your liking . If it does n't , you may never get it resolved .
 I am very disappointed in this product . I purchased the unit less than three months ago and can no longer use the VCR portion because the VCR heads are so dirty . I record everyday and had no idea the VCR heads were dirty until I went to playback a tape . All I saw was snow and a blue screen message telling me the VCR heads needed cleaning . After going out and purchasing the recommended VCR Head Cleaner tape per the manual , the problem is not fixed . I then called Panasonic directly and was told I would have to bring the unit it to have it repaired . As the 90 day free labor has expired , it is going to cost me more to have the unit repaired than I originally paid for it.I was pleased with the unit 's performance up until today . I previously owned an RCA 13 '' combo , using the VCR portion everyday for almost six years without a problem . I am shocked and disappointed in Panasonic .
 This set is nothing but trouble . Have 2 of them . Both defective , bad quality . One inoperable . Other needs constant fideling . The antenna connection in back , both sets , is broken inside and showed up same on both sets , about same time . Will never buy Panasonic again . Very disappointed in these sets .
 I currently own several Panasonic TV 's and TV/VCR Combo 's and they have been for the most part trouble free . In September 2001 I bought a 27 '' flat screen TV from Panasonic and it has been nothing but trouble as of April 2002 . The major problem has been with support . Yes , I own a good deal of A/V gear including some Pro A/V gear , but the support problem has been with the warranty periods offered by Panasonic on large heavy screen TV 's . Do n't be fooled by the warranty you see here or at a retail store . Parts are for 1 year but the labor is only for 90 days , and they 'll charge you big time for labor.Almost everything I have from Panasonic has been trouble-free , but if you do have a problem , be prepared to throw away and re-purchase because it would cost less than the labor charges .
 I orderd this vcr for my father and after talking him into buying a used vcr instead of new i decided to purchase this one . where he lives they only have p.o. boxes so we were informed we couldnt get the insurance . my father just recieved this vcr and in his words via text `` VCR came . Dosnt work right . Wont rewind . Loud humming . Ate tape . Screws missing in back and top dented '' I am VERY unhappy with the service we recieved and i would just like to warn all of you to make sure you can get some kind of insurance because we are now out $ 57 .
 Pros
 Ze store is a rip-off - never delivered product - they sent us an empty package , we asked for them to actully ship the product we bought - but they never responded.Don ' t buy from them !!
 The Card despatched does not stores photo 's clearly . The first photo gets mixed with second or older photo and hence unable to see the photo 's clearly .
 I have owned the Panasonic Pure Flat Combo Unit for a couple of months - The DVD and CD Audio quality was so bad when I fired it up that I called Panasonic - they had me send the unit to an authorized repair service for a check . I was told by the service tech . that it meets Panasonic specifications - even though he admitted that the sound quality was poor.Picture quality is good , and having the TV , DVD , CD , VCR and FM radio in one unit is very convenient - no wires to connect either.I just wish that the sound from the internal speakers was at least up to the quality of the other TV 's I own . The simulated surround feature is a joke considering the poor quality sound .
 Not cheap and so slow that it kills all productivity . I would have been better of buying a long USB cable in the first place . Now I have a bluetooth adapter that only fits a canon printer and it it totally worthless . 1 to 4 minutes to print a page depending on color etc. . If you really need one of these adapters I RECOMMEND REARRANGING YOUR OFFICE TO GET CLOSER TO THE PRINTER OR BUY A LONG USB LOW LOSS CABLE . YOU WILL BE HAPPIER !!!!!!!
 I bought this combo unit in October and now in April it does not work at all ! The TV wo n't even come on . I 'm awfully disappointed since others in my family have owned Quasar TV 's and/or VCRs and not had a problem . I will probably not ever buy another Quasar combo unit again . We thought it was perfect for the compactness but now it sits ... dead , not even a blink . I ejected a video tape one day and that was the end of that . Nothing about it works now .
 I have 5 other TVs with built-in VCRs , each of which works perfectly . This one is awful ; the picture is very jumpy , and the remote is anything but intuitive , with many buttons almost impossible to find without good lighting and glasses -LRB- and I do n't need glasses to read or drive - just to read this silly remote -RRB- . But the main problem is the jumpy scratchy picture . I 'm so unhappy with this that I will never again by Panasonic ANYTHING -- or Quasar , since they now appear to be affiliated with Panasonic -LRB- although the Quasar TV/VCR I bought 14 years ago is still going strong -RRB- . I bought two Magnavox TV/VCR combos from Amazon which were much cheaper than this set , and they 're perfect - but this Panasonic stinks . I would n't recommend this set to my worst enemy .
 I chose the WD My Book Pro 500 GB - identical to the 320 GB but larger capacity - because of its compatibility Mac OS X. I partitioned the drive 3 ways
 This item had good ratings , and maybe it is a good product , but I purchased a refurbished model and it would not turn on , I exchanged it for another refurbished model and that one kept giving me errors when I tried to copy the information . I returned it and exchanged it for a Lacie -- I have several of them and they have always been good and reliable .
 These headphones are not what i expected . The wire leading to the right ear bud is about 12 '' longer than the one leading to the left which makes it an awkward setup , especially if your a runner , it hit me in the face continually . These headphones come with an extension for the male plug , this adds about 3 additional feet . Without the extension the cord is much too short and with it it its much too long , once again , not ideal for running , i dont think you could even walk with these headphones on unless your ipod was wrapped around your neck , sound quality is average , if your looking for earbuds get the bose set , its $ 100 but quality all the way .
 It 's advertised as fitting all the different sizes of Franklin planners . Yes , it probably fits all the hole patterns , but in the Pocket size planner the Palm sticks out of the planner cover about a half inch . Not an ideal application . Plus the cost is a bit ridiculous ; fifteen bucks for this little piece of molded plastic ? Get real !
 . It 's possible that the card I bought is defective , and that technical support has yet to acknowledge that , after two calls . I will make a third effort tomorrow.But think about this
 I thought that this product was a good buy . 5 USB 2.0 ports , and works with a Macintosh . However , the card I got did not work with my mac -LRB- Beige G3 with revision B ROM -RRB- . Keyspan says that it is defective . I decided to try a different brand . The IOGEAR GIC250U 5 port USB 2.0 card is also supposed to work with the mac .
 i bought one of these from cosco for $ ... and loved the overall set . however , whenever we played a dvd , we had to turn the volume up to its highest level in order to get normal sound . we called panasonic and they finally said it was a defective set and to return it , etc. the pasasonic people were less than friendly and could have cared less about the problem . we went to circut city and looked at the same set . guess what ? the same problem with the sound when playing a dvd . the bottomline is that panasonic is no longer welcome in our house and we 'll never buy anything from them again . they do n't care about the customer or care about making anything right .
 loses brightness after a few hours , then too dark to see on screen adjust tools -- then resets every time you turn it off-remote control is ridiculous -- the secret service guy carrying the `` football '' with the president has less steps to program a nuclear strike than a panasonic user to brighten his tv
 Was watching TV with VCR running and suddenly TV goes black ... dies ... anyone else experience this ? Wont turn back on . About to call panasonic to find out if defective . anyone know the numebr ?
 I bought this tv to stand alone in the bedroom . It is not hooked up to an amplifier . There is a problem with the DVD sound - you have to turn the volume WAY up when watching a DVD.In addition , you can hear the DVD humming when it is playing.The TV picture tube has been replaced once and is now on the fritz again . It will suddenly go black -LRB- no signal -RRB- or just loose the signal and play `` snow '' or just come and and out of focus . Debugging this one is tough . I do not recommand it as a TV or DVD player .
 I bought this thinking I could distribute the output from an iScan Pro video processor to a Sharp front projector and a 37 inch LCD TV . Unfortunately , this unit significantly affects the signal so that low-light scenes have insufficient contrast , Adjusting the controls for low-light scenes results in outdoor scenes looking washed-out . Not recommended .
 Pluged in to computer and Monitor and LG TV no output at all , reconnected many times still no output . Please Help
 The first day the belt clip broke loose , and my 80GB ipod fell to the concrete pavement . On the plus side , the leather case protected the ipod on impact.Its an attractive and useful case without the clip , so I continue to use it .
 I purchased this monitor to use with my computer . I was surprised to see the screen intermittenly black out and reappear . This occurred using the monitor at 1920 x 1200 resolution . I tried two different video cards , namely an ATI Radeon X1950 Pro and an eVGA GeForce 8800 GTS . Both are very good video cards that work fine with my Dell 20.1 '' LCD monitor . But the blackout problem occurred with both video cards . Sometimes the monitor would go black and never come back , so I had to turn off the computer using the power button . Thinking maybe I had a setting wrong on either the monitor or video card drivers , I tried Googling for `` BENQ FP241W blackout '' and turned up many instances of people experiencing the same problem . This issue has been around for years and has never been fixed . I recommend avoiding this monitor as it is manufactured with a defect that prevents it from being used to its fullest extent . But as far as I know it 's the only 24-inch monitor with HDMI , so I guess I have to give it a little credit for that -LRB- one star -RRB- .
 Until recently , I was always able to buy Epson T008 cartridges from Amazon . But not any more.I trust Amazon though . I love the convenience and the service . And so I gave this Boomerang `` compatible '' cartridge a try.I sure was sorry.As soon as I unpacked the product I could see it was of poor quality . And then , when I tried to use it , ink came off on my fingers.To Amazon 's credit though , they gave me a full refund , including shipping.I certainly hope I will be able to buy the authentic Epson brand cartridges again . Amazon , are you listening ?
 Pros :1 . Easy to hook up .2 . Works 90 % of time .3 . Even though I am quite disappointed , I 'm not aware of a much better product out there . -LRB- Where are you engineers ? -RRB- Cons :1 . Will * not * work with non-standard mice and keyboards . This means only 2 buttons and wheel for mice and no multi-media buttons on your keyboard . I find this quite annoying .2 . Although the documentation claims that one of its features is that the KVM does n't need to be switched to each of the computers as they boot up -LRB- can boot them all simultaneously -RRB- , my monitor wo n't work with one of my computers unless the KVM is pointing to the computer while it is booting . Customor support was unable to resolve this problem or even explain why it was occurring .3 . Again , although the documention claims that the USB peripheral device emulation allows faster switching , about half the time it is just as long as it was when I used an older KVM switch -LRB- which was just a cord ... no processor , no emulation -RRB- .4 . The price ! For $ 200 I would think it would perform in spades . Not even close .
 This KVM will lock up about once a day when the computers are inactive and will not respond to any user input -LRB- video , mouse , keyboard , button on the unit etc. . . -RRB- The only way to fix it is to unplug the unit -LRB- no power button to turn it off/on either -RRB- . I called IOGEAR and they said this lockup is NORMAL . They are trying to blame the problem on the computer saying I need to turn on WakeOnLan setting ... I 'm not sure how WakeOnLan is going to keep the IOGEAR KVM from locking ??? Go with the Linksys stuff . I have used theirs in the past an it worked flawlessly with the same setup .
 To put it simply , this product does not work . I have the KVM switch connected to 4 Dell PowerEdge servers running Sun Solaris 10 and the standard Dell keyboard and mouse . I previously used a 2-port KVM switch from IOgear on these same devices and everything worked except for the fact that I could only have 2 servers connected at any one time . I chose this KVM switch thinking everything should be the same but now I would have 4 ports . I was WRONG . The keyboard and mouse only works now with one server . For the other servers , the keyboard works during the BIOS startup but locks up when the OS boots up . It seems that I have to buy another KVM model that will hopefully work with my devices .
 This product claims to be supported on win98se . I installed the provided drivers , and still , nothing worked . I downloaded the most recent drivers from the iogear website , tried those , and still , did n't work . Meanwhile , these drivers screwed up my computer to the point where the display was wacky , and in general , it has n't been the same since . I will be re-installing win98se from scratch this weekend to try to `` undo '' the damage done by this product/drivers . Also , the instructions in the manual apparently did not pertain to the cd of drivers they sent me . : - -LRB- Finally , I have to note that the box I received had obviously been opened and returned by someone else - I probably should have seen this as a sign of things to come!So , if you have win98 , look elsewhere . I bought the SanDisk ImageMate ; it installed seamlessly , and works perfectly , and costs less than the IOGEAR solution , too .
 The packaging is cute , the thing is supposed to be fast , etc. , but hey -- I could n't plug it in ! The power adapter they shipped simply did n't fit -- it was about 2 sizes too big!Tech support
 Would n't work with my HP K80 . I guess I should have done more research
 Had wireless running for a year with no problems . Purchased the DP-311u for my laser-fax , made sure it was compatible with the print server . got it hooked up and all went to hell . Called tech , spent 2 days with and went from a working network to a dead dls/router -LRB- another d-link product -RRB- . they recomend I send it to them for a inspection and see if I can get a replacement -LRB- ha , ha I 'd be paying for shipping and that 's it , over a year you get nothing -RRB- . Bought a new router by Bilkin went up and setup was a breeze . But the d-link print server could not be found by 3 other computers in my home , 3 more days on the phone . Finaly gave up and am returning the item , tech suppot has no clue , they have a limited time they are allowed to spend on the phone a any given call . I hope this helps any future buyers .
 As others stated , the documentation was AWFUL to say the least . Unless you have XP , you are pretty much on your own . I was able to wrangle through and get the server hooked up to my PC -LRB- windows 2000 -RRB- . My two macs , however , will not function with the printer . It requres you have Post Script 3 on your printer . Mine is a laser printer that is n't too old , but does n't have that feature -LRB- would have been nice to read that before buying -RRB- Likewise , none of the administrative software works for a Mac , so if you have no machines running Windows , you are out of luck.Finally , and this was probably my ignorance and unrealistic expectation , but to me wireless means wireless . For mine to work , the server has to be physically connected to my wireless router via ethernet . If I have to do this , why do n't I just use a physical connection in the first place ? There are cheaper options for that . The picture on D-links site shows this happy little server floating in wireless space where ever you want to put it .
 I have a D-link router , and I could n't even get this thing to connect wirelessly . It works if connected with a ethernet wire , but that is n't really the point , is it?I called customer support , and the call dropped 4 TIMES !!!! Even when I was able to stay connected , they obviously were n't listening to me , and were of no use in the end . I 'm off to go return . Save your time , money , and aggrevation . Avoid this like the plague .
 Incomplete documentation . DEFINITELY do not buy this if you are not a ` techie ' . And plus , its not even a wireless product ! It has to be physically connected to the Wireless LAN router , so how is it wireless ?
 As others stated , the documentation was AWFUL to say the least . Unless you have XP , you are pretty much on your own . I was able to wrangle through and get the server hooked up to my PC -LRB- windows 2000 -RRB- . My two macs , however , will not function with the printer . It requres you have Post Script 3 on your printer . Mine is a laser printer that is n't too old , but does n't have that feature -LRB- would have been nice to read that before buying -RRB- Likewise , none of the administrative software works for a Mac , so if you have no machines running Windows , you are out of luck.Finally , and this was probably my ignorance and unrealistic expectation , but to me wireless means wireless . For mine to work , the server has to be physically connected to my wireless router via ethernet . If I have to do this , why do n't I just use a physical connection in the first place ? There are cheaper options for that . The picture on D-links site shows this happy little server floating in wireless space where ever you want to put it .
 My DLink router and WiFi PC card , installed over a year ago , worked fine , with no installation troubles . Since then , I installed an Ethernet bridge for my PS2 and now , wanted to add the USB print server . Similar to D-Link 's bridge , documentation is incomplete . I made the mistake of jumping ahead and mistakingly plugged in the power to the DP-311U before turning the printer on . Now , I have to get an RMA , send it to DLink , and wait for them to reset it , as there is no at-home reset option . DLink has an advantage with this product as there are no similar products from the major router manufacturers . Unfortunately , this translates to an expensive product with poor documentation and technical support -LRB- who could not answer if the product is compatible with my Epson product -RRB- .
 I purchased this wireless print server from Office Max . Beware of purchasing any electronic item from them . They have a 14 day return policy . I have two Macs at home , one IMac and one Powerbook , as well as a Dell notebook . I tried to get the print server connected to a Brother Laser printer , but gave up after a couple of hours . After a few more tries , I called up the D-link tech service and tried all the things they suggested . When that did not work , I tried to return it , but it had already been 14 days , so Office Max would not accept it.I called up D-link again and went through everything they suggested -- to no avail . They finally declared the item defective . This meant that I needed to return it , AT MY COST , to D-Link . I would encourage you to stay away from this product . I wish I had read some of the other reviews on it at various websites . They are generally quite negative . Now I have spent over $ 100 on a pice of junk .
 I will start by saying , I WILL NEVER BUY A D-LINK PRODUCT AGAIN ... I bought this wireless print server and was assured it would work with my Microsoft wireless router . The instructions included with the server are absolutely worthless . The server has a default IP address . The book says that address needs to match the address on your computer but never tells you what to do if they do n't . I called customer service - busy signal . Finally after hitting redial for 10 min , I got through only to be put on hold for 20 min and then get disconnected . This happened 3 more times . Finally , when I called really late at night , I got to talk to a `` real '' person . Possibly the dumbest person ever ! He had less of a clue as to what was going on than I did . He took forever just to get my information . His speech was so bad I had to ask him to repeat himself every question . No accent , just mubling . Since I spent 55 minuets on hold and then another 10 minuets just to get my information , by the time we got to my problem , my phone was going dead . I gave him another number and asked him to call me back . Right ... I e-mailed my question and got a response saying I should directly connect my server to my computer . That really helps , thanks.I have been stumbling with this server for two nights now . I feel I have a good knowledge of computers and networking , but apparently not enough . It is not as simple as they would have you believe . Maybe if you are connecting to other Dlink products it works better . But if you are trying to put it on a network with other brands , do not waste your time .
 I will never buy another D-Link product . After buying this wireless print server , I followed all install instructions but could n't get it to work . I assumed it was me , so I paid a PC technician to help me out . He spent 2 hours on the phone with D-Link tech support troubleshooting , and they decided the unit was faulty.When I called customer service to find out how to exchange it , they sent me back to tech support and made me troubleshoot again before they would give me a return merchandise authorization -LRB- RMA -RRB- . After I paid a skilled tech more than $ 100 to be on with their techs !!! Overall I had to talk to three people and spent 45 minutes on hold to get the RMA.Finally I got my RMA and sent the unit back , with all documentation and accessories . When they sent me a replacement , it was just the unit , no manuals , no software , not even an AC adaptor . So I had to spend 20 more minutes with their excruciatingly annoying hold music to talk to customer service . They `` promised '' me the AC adaptor and manual , but who knows if I 'll ever actually get it.Add to that a complete lack of contrition over selling me a bad product in the first place , and I 'm just really disappointed in the whole experience and feel like I 've wasted a lot of time and money -LRB- price of the unit + tech guy -RRB- . If I ever get the thing running -LRB- with my Netgear router and brother MFC6800 printer -RRB- I 'll post again about how/if it works.Update
 Having interfaced a QWEST ActionTec wireless DSL modem , a DirecTV satellite internet portal with a wireless router and then configured a Hawking wireless webcam , I figured I had a clue for getting a wireless printer server running for our Macs.I 'm sorry to say , I failed . I could n't even figure out how to talk with this box . You might think they 'd give it a number like 192.168.0.10 and let you connect to it , but it does n't even connect via a wire.While trying to figure out what was wrong , I found out the awful truth . The box does n't even support IPP , so you ca n't use a Macintosh with a non-Postscript printer . I punted and returned the piece of junk.P.S . The hint for the ActionTec modem
 Problem # 1 - out of hte box , these units are assigned 192.168.0.10 as an IP address . find if your network is on the .0 subnet . So I had to change my entire network over to this in order to get it configured.Problem # 2 - once changed , now i have Ip address issues because of the existing clients picking up the .10 address.Problem # 3 - If you incorrectly specificy the SSID/wep key or IP address , you have to put it back to the defaults and start over . there 's no way to configure the unitProblem # 4 - it just plain do n't work as it should.Easily the most difficult unit i 've ever had to configure . It 's a shame that I 'm swearing off linksys as their prices are good . Despite it 's decent price , stay away from this one .
 Although I 'm not a computer novice , this unit was hard to install . While the green LAN -LRB- Ethernet -RRB- light came on when plugged into the router or DSL modem , it did n't work when plugged directly into my PC or laptop . Someone here wrote that in such case you need a `` crossover '' ethernet cable -LRB- or adapter -RRB- . THANK YOU ! I learned that routers have the smarts to figure our what type of unit is plugged in , and automatically assign transmit and receive signals to the proper pins . My PC and laptops did n't do that , and the DP-311U was n't smart enough either . Hence I needed the cross-over cable -LRB- just for the one-time setup -RRB- . Sad thing , before I figured this out , I spoke with 2 people at D-Link 's technical support ; we spent easily two hours . But neither one suggested the cross-over cable . They must have had tons of calls like this before . Of course , the manual says mothing about this either . Amazing how they waste time and money .
 Stay away from DLINK if you expect ease of use or have mixed operating systems -LRB- XP and MAC -RRB- !!!
 I bought this unit over a year ago and still have n't figured out how to work it . I have used the D-link wireless router with no trouble , but no matter what I do , I ca n't get the print server to work properly . This is after hours with their customer service people and doing everytihing possible . Based on other people 's reviews this unit actually does work . It just has n't for me .
 I bought this DP-311U print server . I set it up according to the manual and i can print from different computers to the printer . However , a few hours later , it stopped working . I disconnect then reconnect everything , it started to work again . But a few hours later this same thing happened again . I called the tech people at D-link and started to explain the problem when the line was disconnected . I thought this must be an accident . I called again . After transfering to a different number and waited for about 10 minutes , i was just about to describe the problem again , the line was droped again . I checked my telephone lines , they were ok . D-link 's tech support is just a waste of time . By the way , i have other similar products which work fine.Mike
 After 3 hours of banging my head against a wall I finally called Tech Support . They finally figured out that this is not compatible with multi-function computers . You can learn that on their support website but no-where in the standard documentation that comes with it .
 I bought the product 2 weeks before and I have a thought this will work with all printers but not . D Link technical support is very bad I called at least 10 times to find my printer is compatible or not.User manual is not complete so configuration is very difficult . Changing the IP Address manually and re assigning the new IP Address is very difficult . And it cause problem for other wireless divices -LRB- Mouse , Keyboard , Wireless web camera and External wireless hard disk -RRB- . Because of this product I spend almost 8 hrs to solve other wireless network issues.If you have enough time then it will entertain you .
 This adapter -LRB- WPNT121 -RRB- has good range and great speed when mated to its companion , the WPNT834 wireless router , but Netgear has COMPLETELY AND DISGRACEFULLY abandoned support for these products -- less than one and a half years from their initial announcements . As the Netgear website tartly puts it `` WPNT834 has been discontinued , no updates planned '' , and `` WPNT121 has been discontinued , no updates planned '' . What this means in particular is that there is no compatibilty update for Windows Vista . You can get it to work with Vista -LRB- but not - so far as I can tell - using WAP -RRB- only unsecured or using WEP ; which , given that WEP can be broken in under a minute , might as well be unsecured.The original press release for these products was dated November 7 , 2005 . I do n't know the exact date that they were `` discontinued '' , but they were already discontinued by January 2007 - 14 months later . Yet , the channel continues to have `` new '' stock in it . You can buy it new right here on Amazon today -LRB- 5/6/2007 -RRB- . Netgear should correct this situation immediately , there is no excuse for abandoning customers this quickly . And , by the way , since when did discontinuing a product mean that you no longer support it -- especially in the case of mass breakage beyond the customer 's control.What 's especially galling is that it was certainly not a secret that Vista was coming in November 2005 . The product should have been shipped with the expectation of providing Vista support .
 I own Keyspan 's infrared remote and have been very pleased with it . The only downside was needing a direct sight line to operate it . So , when Keyspan announced the radio frequency remote , I snapped it right up.Unfortunately , I can not recommend it . The biggest drawback is the little jog dial in the upper right corner of the remote . This dial is used to advance and reverse slides in PowerPoint and also depresses for a key function . If you use the carrying case provided , the button will be depressed and drain the battery relatively quickly . I had already gone through two batteries before I realized why it was draining.The other problem is the fact that I can not figure out how to use the buttons on the face of the remote to advance and reverse slides . The `` mouse '' pad seems like it would be idea , but only functions as a mouse . And , when used as a mouse , it is slow and stutters as if it is losing signal.For the most part , I have been a satisfied Keyspan customer , but have found little to appreciate about this remote .
 I purchased this specifically because it says on Amazon and on the package `` No software to install , just plug it in & it works within seconds . '' But after cutting open the package I found that the instructions say that there is `` No software installation needed . '' for Macintosh but for Windows you must `` install appropriate software . '' Because my corporate-owned Windows PC is locked down I could not install the software so the remote will not work . Amazon 's return policy says 100 % refund for only unopened merchandise . Nice trick , I had to cut the package to get the truth about the requirement to install software . I 'll make my case for a full refund but we 'll see ...
 The product does not reach the distance it says on the package . that is why i bought this item . Will have to buy a better item .
 I 've purchased two of these . The first time there were no other remotes with these features at the price . The laser failed after about a year . I bought a second one and the laser failed after about two months . Its awkward to turn the laser on to begin with . The scroll is very touchy and easy to advance a couple of slides instead of one.I see now there are other remotes available so I am going to try my luck elsewhere .
 I have had this remote for a couple of weeks and I 've tried to use it in presentations twice . Both times it worked fine for a little while and then stopped working . I 'm sending it back for a refund .
 This is my second rf remote . I purchased Keyspan model because of smaller receiver size -LRB- as compared to the remote from Mind Path -RRB- . That was a big mistake - buttons positioned uncomfortably . Main button for advancing slides is on the side like Sony 's jog dial . During my talk I could never advance slides forward . Not recommended .
 On a Powerbook G4 running OS X Tiger , the software is needed if you have any intention of using the remote 's media functions . And good luck getting the software you need . The latest version of the presentation remote software is a corrupt file , and an older version of the software needed -LRB- that can be found only after some digging -RRB- will crash the machine and runs worse than if you ran the remote without the software . Ultimately , I just paid for a wireless mouse I can operate from my bed .
 It 's ok , nothing too special . There are better ones in the market
 This clicker is counterintuitive . You need to roll a roller toward you to advance the slide , and away from you to back up . When pressing the button for the laser , it is too easy to move the roller on the side accidentally , unintentionally advancing slides . It is also inconvenient , and takes too long , to start the laser pointer , which also requires two hands . Who came up with this ?
 I had the Keyspan plugged into the back of my computer which is set up next to my entertainment center . I wanted to be able to control the mouse on my 46 '' Samsung LCD screen from the couch , no more than 5-10 ft away , but it can not even pick up a signal from that distance to the back of my tower . I had to buy a USB 2.0 extension cord to run it up the back and on top of my entertainment center where I thought for sure it should be able to pick up the signal with near lossless accuracy , but no joy . The signal is better with the extension , but is still sporatic a lot of the time . The media button is a plus though , which is the only reason for the 2 stars . My advice would be to go for a 2.4 ghz , which is why I just ordered a Hiro 4-in-1 2.4 GHz Chrome WIFI Presenter , which I hope is far less disappointing .
 There are so few buttons on this thing . Who would have thunk you would need to keep the directions because the obvious buttons are not the ones you need to use to advance a slide on a PowerPoint presentation.I also still have no idea if it actually turns off or if I just have to take out the battery . You really get what you pay for here -LRB- very little -RRB- . That is not to say it does not work . It works fine . It just has some major design flaws .
 ... plastic , ... - feeling buttons , and a totally unergonomic design make this remote hopeless in my opinion . The biggest problem is a FAT mouse-pointer button that is stuck between the forward/reverse buttons and the TINY laser pointer button . Since the laser pointer + forward buttons are the most often used in a presentation , the presence of this FAT mouse-pointer is just an invitation to accidently bump -LRB- and reveal -RRB- the mouse pointer on-screen . Ever wonder why the simplest remotes -LRB- 4 buttons , no frills -RRB- cost more ? Because these are easy to use !! Do n't make the mistake I did . Buy a different remote!This remote can also control Windows Media Player through a complex set of key sequences and ... - feeling wheel on the side to control volume . Yippee .
 The PR-US2 was an excellent presentation remote until it stopped working after a few years of very light use . The issue may be with the USB unit , as the remote appears to function fine with a new battery . I see other users have had the same issue . If you do n't want to take a chance on buying a very expensive laser pointer , buy something else .
 This presentation remote is the bane of my existence . It presents a dizzying array of buttons , none of which you can click with confidence , knowing that you will advance to the next slide . Perhaps the designers of this remote thought of this as a feature
 Worked sporadically , then the RF drive disappeared and it was useless . In our environment we have several people sharing a room and equipment . My staff give much higher ratings of the Kensington Presenter with Laser Pointer -LRB- Staples # Kensington - KMW33374 -RRB- with the RF stores in the unit itself when not in use .
 The presentation remote worked well . It provided good control of forward and backword motion for Powerpoint presentations . The RF technology did eliminate the need for line of sight operation . I really enjoyed using the product . Then one day , at the start of a presentation , it quit working . I assumed the battery had died , no one happened to have the special battery on hand , so I put it away.Later , I tracked down another battery for the device , put it in , and nothing happened . I checked voltage levels and the battery was fresh . So , I contacted Keyspan for warranty help . And after 3 weeks have not recieved any response.Hopefully , someday , they 'll respond and fix the device . Without the service problems , I 'd give the device a 4 . With them , it seems your choice is to purchase and hope it does n't break .
 I 've given up using this product because it is just not consistent enough . It will work well for short periods , but then I have to click the button repeatedly for a slide to move forward . Sometimes only every third click will work , which is very annoying when you are standing in front of an audience and talking about what is about to appear . This has happened in several talks , so I doubt it is anything to do with RF fields in particular environments . Obviously , the product is not designed with a high-reliability wireless protocol.Other problems are the complex method for turning on the laser pointer , the rather low brightness of the laser pointer , and the non-standard choice of battery . Some things are very nice , such as the small travel size and weight and the fact that absolutely no setup is required -LRB- one of the only true plug-and-play products I 've seen -RRB- . Its too bad that this was taken to market without getting all the details right .
 I first heard about this product from another instructor at the school that I work at . After trying it once , I immediately went out and bought it.I used it for one semester and experienced some of the same problems that others have ; draining the battery in the carrying case and difficulty with the laser pointer . Now , after only one semester -LRB- 16 weeks -RRB- the back button on the front and side is not working at all.I sent an e-mail to Keyspan , but have yet to hear a response . If this is the type of service and performance we can expect from them , then who is their competitor ? My initial thought was to buy another one , but I do n't want to give money to a company that is n't going to back up their product.I love the product and the idea , it was great when it worked , but I do n't think that I will be buying any future Keyspan products because of the lack of customer support and the short life span of a workable product .
 Teaching with a presentation remote is a declaration of freedom . No longer having to seat in front of the computer to flip through my Keynote or PowerPoint presentations allows for more participative discussion . The Keyspan 's cluttered yet complete interface provides all the functions of the competition at a fraction of the price . Moving the cursor , flipping pages , laser-pointing ... It 's all there . Regrettably , it only worked for just three months . I even changed the battery -LRB- a very expensive and even more difficult to find 3v model -RRB- but nothing happened . It turns out the original battery was still fully charged.In conclusion
 This unit lacks basic functionality for plug and play . The buttons are designed to be &#34; left &#34; and &#34; right &#34; clicks . This is fine ... Unless you want to go back a slide using PowerPoint or keynotes.Other basic presentation remotes offer the different key functions making presenting easier for all parties involved .
 This is my second rf remote . I purchased Keyspan model because of smaller receiver size -LRB- as compared to the remote from Mind Path -RRB- . That was a big mistake - buttons positioned uncomfortably . Main button for advancing slides is on the side like Sony 's jog dial . During my talk I could never advance slides forward . Not recommended .
 The buttons on the remote , although many , are not useful . The only button we use -LRB- to advance or back up slides in a presentation -RRB- was difficult to use , poorly located , unreliable . NOT a good selection
 The side button is not strong enough . I accidentally dropped this remote from a waist-height and the side button just broke off on impact , rendering the whole thing useless . Granted , I could reconfigure the other buttons to serve the same functions the side button performed , but the side button is INDISPENSABLE to reset the wireless signal in case of interference or when the battery is removed . It is unfortunate that I only got to use it for 3 days . I can still use the laser pointer though , but it is not worth it .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Support from D-link is sketcy at best.You will spend more time configuring the product than going over to the other room and printing it directly from the desktop .
 I have two of these -- one for an HP LaserJet 1012 , one for an HP DeskJet 6540 . My review concerns version 2.0 of the firmware , which is what they both shipped with.First , the DHCP option really is n't very good . If you use it , be sure to reserve an IP so the same one will be assigned every time . Watch out for these two problems :1 -RRB- This box does n't renew the IP , so your DHCP server will eventually give that IP to something else if it 's not reserved .2 -RRB- If your DHCP server is n't up when the 301U boots -LRB- power outage , power-strip cycle , etc -RRB- , it will not try again to request an IP . You 'll have to power-cycle the print server.Second , just because this box and your printer both have USB ports , do n't assume it will be compatible . My LaserJet 1012 prints fine . My DeskJet does not -- it would freeze after part of a page . After working with HP support for awhile -LRB- who are not sympathetic for having not purchased a JetDirect , BTW -RRB- , the `` resolution '' was to use an older DeskJet 600-era printer driver . It worked , but I lost many of the features that a nice photo printer has to offer.Third , and arguably most important , the firmware upgrades on the Dlink site do not work . There is no option in the web interface to update the firmware , and the PSAdmin utility is a Win 3.x application that complains about a `` checksum error '' with FW 2.0 and 2.1 . It will accept the posted 1.2 FW image , but then complains that it ca n't communicate with the print server . Oddly enough , it 's able to run diagnostics and pull all of the setup info fine . Basically , PSAdmin is a lost cause . Google it , you 'll see.So , in short , if your printer is known to work , it generally works pretty well . I did have a power supply die after a year of use , but I had a spare from an old Dlink access point which happened to be the same model -- problem solved.Honestly , I would n't buy it again . If for no other reason than it appears to have been more or less abandoned by D-Link . Get something with decent support just in case you need it .
 Tried for three hours to set up this print server . Called tech support -- 30 minutes on hold , hung up . I have a broadband connection through a Motorola Surfboard modem to a Netgear wired/wireless router . I want to be able to print through the router with my laptop 's wireless connection . With this print server , I could not even print from my desktop computer.Followed set up instructions to the letter , again and again . Not able to print through this server -- and , yes , I turned off all my firewalls and other security.Will return this server
 I 've installed a lot of print servers in the past , mostly HP JetDirects . They all just work . This , on the other hand , is utter garbage . It is ridiculously difficult to set up , it crashes all the time , and never prints anything right -- on my laser printers and ink jets both , every printout comes out off-center or even running off the edge of the page . Avoid , avoid , avoid . I did n't even bother returning it for a return , I threw it straight into the e-waste bin . Yeah , it 's cheap , but save yourself the time and trouble -- this thing is nothing but abandoned orphanware -LRB- has n't even had a firmware update for years , and does n't even mention Vista or MacOS 10.4 or above in its FAQ or online knowledge base ! -RRB- that D-Link continues to sell only because they have a warehouse full of the things that they need to get rid of before they can `` officially '' discontinue it .
 I expected my HP Deskjet 932C USB printer to work without a problem -LRB- `` HP is one of the most popular printer models ... everything 's compatible with it '' -RRB- . Nope . Like others have stated , you need to check the compatibility list before you buy the DP-301U . Problem is that I did n't know there WAS a compatibility list for a USB device like this . I should have read Amazon reviews first . But beyond that , if you install the PSAdmin software from the CD , you 'll see that this is a very poorly designed product . The software appears to be written in the Windows 95 days -LRB- 16-bit application , for you geeks -RRB- and has big clunky unresponsive buttons including ones for Novell Netware -LRB- really ? -RRB- , NetBEUI and AppleTalk -LRB- how cute ! -RRB- configurations . If the PSAdmin software fails to communicate to your printer , you wo n't get any indication of what to do or what is failing . While the web interface is adequate , it is not intuitive or easy to navigate . Hopefully you wo n't need to refer to it much . I have to return mine due to compatibility , and I think I 'll opt for a better designed product . Oh , and my DP-301U is the B2 hardware with Firmware 2.10 , the NEWER version !
 After several hours of trying it finally works . You must have an XP machine , it wo n't load on Vista . Lots of problems with printer driver on the machine that had the printer on it ! Looks easy , it 's not !
 I 'm pretty advanced with computers , but I could never get this print server to work right . It would n't work when I tried to print through the network -- only when I was attached directly to the print server . The setup was just too long and had some complicated steps that did n't make much sense . I 'm sure if I called technical support it would have eventually worked.So I finally went out and bought the Netgear WGPS606 -- a wireless print server that costs a little more . But it was worth it . The entire setup was automatic and I was up and running on two computers within minutes . That 's the way it should be .
 I have never gotten this to install and work correctly.Customer support from D-LInk is really bad.Buy something else from someone else .
 I have lots of experience with computers and networking , but could not get this print server to work . Tech support finally told me it was n't compatible with my printer . I finally got my printer networked by installing the driver on my Windows Home Server -LRB- WHS -RRB- and connecting the printer , via USB , to it . I had read that it 's best not to install software and drivers on the WHS , which is why I ordered this print server . Then , I figured that since WHS is based on Server 2003 , it should n't hurt anything . No problems after 2 + months . Another option is to connect your printer to a computer , share it , and leave that computer on when you may be printing . A lot cheaper , more reliable , and fewer headaches .
 If you 're printing a page or 2 in black and white is is sometimes ok . As long as I 've had it , it has made printing a chore . I mean , I despise printing with this . It 's slow , sometimes it causes the printer to spit out garbage or blank pages of paper . The firmware upgrade procedure requires you to download this Windows only program . Google it and you will find that firmware upgrades are impossible as a `` checksum error '' will appear every time . STAY WAY FROM THIS POS !
 This device -LRB- both models -RRB- is a total piece of junk . Be warned . Do NOT purchase this piece of crap . It is n't worth anything unless you like frustration and an expensive paper weight . Look elsewhere .
 Easy setup but the little beast is really slow . Some print requests never were completed.Terry
 Sounds like a great product , but the manual clearly states that printing is OS X requires postscript compatible printers . My inkjet is not postscript , so I have to return this . I wish this had been clearly written before I purchased .
 Check this site to see if it is compatible : http://support.dlink.com/faq/view.asp?prod_id=1263&question;=DP-300U%20/%20DP-311U%20/%20DP-301U%20/%20DI-704UP%20/%20DI-824VUP%20/%20DP-311U_revB
 Reviews are very different on this item . It is because there are two very different models of it . The old one , in the bottom marked `` HW Ver
 FIRST , PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE FROM COMPUSA *** before seriously considering this print server -LRB- or any , for that matter -RRB- , do some research online to find out if anyone has had success with your particular configuration . until i bought this , i had no idea it would even be an issue . and CompUSA will refuse to take it back if it 's been 3 weeks -- and trust me , you 'll spend 3 weeks trying to get it to work.once purchased , good luck trying to get someone from CompUSA on the phone . Amazon has been fantastic , and is in the process of helping me file a claim against CompUSA -- i spoke to someone from Amazon immediately , and have been trying for weeks to get someone from CompUSA on the phone . while Amazon has been helpful & responsive , CompUSA wo n't even answer the phone , and will send automated refusal responses to any emails you send them.so the lesson is this
 Cursory tests seem to work -- you 'll be able to log in to the print server 's web page -LRB- slow , but it eventually loads -RRB- , pings work , small 1-page test documents work ... everything 's working , right?Think again.The networking on this product is extremely flaky . Do n't bother using the DHCP option -- it will forget to renew its address after it expires . Fixed address is the only way to go . Even then , large documents and continuous streams of traffic cause it to hang , eventually causing your print job to abort after 20 or so pages.DLink 's QA really dropped the ball on this one . Try your luck with a different brand .
 I got the D-Link DP-301U Ethernet Print Server from Fry 's about a month ago and was not able to get the supplied CD software to install . I was trying to use the software on a Lenovo X301 Laptop with Windows Vista Business 64 bit . As a result , I returned the item.The product packaging has written on the outside of the box `` compatible with Vista '' , but does not specify which version of Vista . Using such imprecise verbiage , in the broader sense , suggest compatibility with the both the 32 and 64 bit versions of Vista as appose to one or the other . At the very least , it leaves open ambiguities.This sort of loosely worded product claim and packaging is either sloppy and or unscrupulous marketing.Minus 1.5 for Ambiguous Product Claim and MarketingMinus 1.5 for Not Compatible with Vista 64
 This drive does not work as advertised . It comes formated as FAT32 for DOS and can not be reformated for Macintosh unless using OS X - the box says it will work with Mac OS 8.6 and above . This is straight from IO Gear 's technical support !
 I was interested in making use of an extra hard drive I was n't using , and realized that I could purchase a drive enclosure like this one and have a nice semi-portable storage device . So I did some research and learned that there are quite a few companies that manufacture them.I purchased Iogear 's version because of the perceived professionalism of Iogear 's products -LRB- nice form factor , decent web site , etc. -RRB- . Unfortunately , after receiving this device a few days ago , my experiences are mixed.The installation of my extra hard drive into the enclosure was fairly simple . They have a nice little booklet that describes the process and all you need is a phillips head screwdriver . Once I got the drive in the enclosure , things went downhill.There is a glaring error in the manual on how to install the software -LRB- it tells the user to double-click a setup file that 's not even on the entire CD , let alone the root -RRB- . Also , even though Windows 2000 detected the drive and started installing a driver , the driver was unsigned and after a mandatory reboot , I still could not access the drive . I then proceeded to do a whole series of Windows updates , as they suggest in the manual , and tried reinstalling the drivers , but still no luck.I 'm currently waiting for a response from Iogear on this issue . The problem reporting form on their web site has an ASP error -LRB- bad sign -RRB- so I emailed their `` sales support '' email address . We 'll see if they respond in an appropriate amount of time and can resolve this issue.Fortunately , all I had to do on my secondary computer -LRB- Windows Me -RRB- was to plug the drive into a USB port . Windows Me detected the drive , installed a generic driver -LRB- that did n't require the Iogear CD -RRB- and seconds later I was able to access the drive and copy files to and from it ... even without a reboot!In summary , this drive may have compatability issues with Windows 2000 but on a Windows Me system it worked fine -LRB- at least for me -RRB- .
 They shipped me an item with a different UPC label stuck over the real UPC . They then dragged out an email dialog for more than a week . So , it looks like I 'll end up paying shipping both ways and a 15 % restock fee.I rated it 1-star because there was no lower rating .
 This is n't what I expected or wanted at all . The case itself looks nice and my Zire 72 is held fairly secure . However , the front of the sleeve covers up the sides of the buttons making it unwieldy to work with . And the case will not open completely to lie flat when using the PDA so I end up taking it out anyway . So I might as well go back to the slip-case that came with it.This ` wallet ' is n't something I would buy for myself . Looks more like a man 's . Since the ` wrapping ' was destroyed getting the case out , I ca n't return it , but it 's going in the next yard sale I have .
 The wallet looks nice . However it does n't fit the Zire 72 very well . The leather that frames the screen is off center and covers the left edge of the screen , this would drive me crazy . My Zire 72 also easily fell out with a slight shake . The wallet does not open all the way either , This would mean you have to hold it like a book at all times . You cant flip the left cover all the way back and hold it in your `` PALM '' as you should be able to . This product 's design is attractive but in no way functional with any device in my opinion as it does n't allow you to use your palm in a comfortable position . This item is on its way back to amazon right now.Amazon however is the best online retail store , hands down . They get me my stuff , usually shipped for free , very quickly and are willing to accept returns .
 ONE CARD PER SLOT ! DO NOT OVERLOAD THE CASH/RECEIPT AREA!At first glance the wallet seemed to work . I used the wallet to hold my driver license , two credit cards , a couple of gym membership cards and my employee id . So . . that is two cards per slot . And then I used the main compartment to hold cash and receipts.ONE CARD PER SLOT ! DO NOT OVERLOAD THE CASH/RECEIPT AREA!To my surprise , I opened my wallet to see that my screen had been broken by the pressure of the credit cards . This is a $ 125 mistake since my device is out of the warranty period.Very disappointing and sad . I am hoping that Amazon will let me return the wallet.Palm should include a large warning on the packaging and in the wallet.ONE CARD PER SLOT ! DO NOT OVERLOAD THE CASH/RECEIPT AREA !
 All the ` snake ' types of interconnects from AudioQuest that I have used have broken . The solder job on the connectors is very weak and seems to wear out quickly . This has happened to me consistently with both the Diamondbacks and the Copperheads -LRB- no longer made -RRB- . Email to AQ goes unanswered .
 first time around the remote busted , circuit city replaced it but now it does n't want to play mp3 's -LRB- the reason i went with this model -RRB- . you get what you pay for with this piece of trash . worst purchase ever . last time i buy a no-name cd changer .
 Where to begin ? The hookup diagram was incomplete . I paid a professional to install it and once it was hooked up I noticedhow awful the sound was . Then , after 10 days of using it , it locked up and would not eject the discs . I had to return it to the store and they completely disassembled the unit to retrieve the discs I had in it . I was given a new unit and that one failed , in the exact same manner , in under a week.Thinking the third time might be the charm , I put in another Verge replacement unit , and this one locked up 32 days after I bought it . Unfortunately for me , Circuit City would not refund me my money OR give me another replacement unit because I was past the 30 day guarantee.I have since had a Sony model installed and it has worked perfectly . I tried to save $ 30 or so by going with this brand and I got burned badly . I suppose the lesson I learned makes the whole thing worthwhile . I just hope this review helps someone else avoid the potential -LRB- likely ? -RRB- headaches I endured with this awful product .
 This is a game . Its educational value does not live up to what is promised on its cover , very misleading . What primary resource material was it talking about ? It was a game and if thats what you want to get your kid get civillization III , not only does it have more educational content , it also is more realistic and helps them learn the complexity and hardship alongside history and structure . In other words this was a waste of money !
 I noticed this a while after I purchased the player and I attributed it to the CD , not the player . You know , being a Tivoli this should be Great ! However now it 's been two years an I barely use it because of that and using USB memory music . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000083GPS/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I would imagine it was the cheap , crummy power supply , but mine would n't even light up ... dead ... One wonders why a $ 200 component ca n't run on 110 volts ? I 'd try it again if they re-worked the power supply , but not if I have to use a DC adapter like a $ 3 item .
 This is a great idea
 My first Model CD would not play extended play CDs . I contacted Tivoli , and they very graciously sent a new version of the player that resolved that software problem . I received a new one , which did n't play at all . Called them up again , and they very graciously sent a new player with a pre-paid return slip . The new one they sent worked for about a week and has since stopped playing . I 'm very sad about this , and though the people at Tivoli were so helpful , I 'm not sure I 'm going to continue owning this product .
 My Model CD started to have problems after one year of light use . Initially the display would lose segments and then would require a power-down to restore . This problem got worse with time . After less than 2 years of use , the dosplay has now failed completely and the player rejects all disks from any manufacturer . It was never a great sounding player , but having invested in several other Tivoli Audio components , I had no alternative but to live with their extremely expensive single disk unit . Obviously my unit is out of warranty and I am out of luck , but I would sure hope that this company -LRB- which is always boasting of it 's audiophile roots -RRB- would help it 's loyal customers out of this situation .
 If you can get a fully working item , this is a nice TV for the money . However , I 've had two and returned them both . Both had problems with loud squealing or buzzing inside the cabinent . The second also had geometry problems . The lower left corner picture was noticably bent . I 'd have to recommend avoiding this model , or at least be sure you can return it .
 First we bought a floor model philips . It buzzed , so we took it back . That tv had good picture though , so we decided to get the same one , but new . So we did that , and brought it home . the picture is fuzzy , and it flashes with static every 20 seconds . It is the worst ever.The part number is 27pt643R . It was a $ $ $ dollar tv , which doesnt work ! . Philips = no quality control , stay away !
 The Phillips 27PT643R is the worst television ever based on over 10 televisions I have brought in the past decade . This television craped out on me in a 2 1/2 months prior to the factory warranty expiration of 90 Days . The tv auto shutsoff in 10 minutes . Took 10 days to schedule an appointment with a Phillips Technician . When onsite , Phillips Technician was unable to repair it . So he brought it back to the Factory Store . It 's over 3 weeks and the television have not been repaired . I called every 3 days and they told me that it 's ` in transit ' . Since I got my Television on November 29 , 2003 , half of the time is in the shop . As of now , I still have not gotten my television back . Just today when I call in , the customer service rep told me that the parts is in back order . It 's not in transit . Go figures . First Phillips Television . It will be my last Phillips Television . Stay away from Phillips Television if I were you !
 This review is for the Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC . I bought the trackball for its programmable buttons , for protection against carpal tunnel , and because Kensington pre-purchase support told me it was `` Vista-certified '' and that it would work under Window 7 x64.Well , guess what , it `` works , '' but only in a limited fashion , under both Vista x64 and Win7 x64 . I ca n't program the 3rd & 4th buttons or the scrolling ring . What 's the use of buying a mouse with 4 buttons if only two work ? I was told by Kensington support to use their MouseWorks software . I installed it but found that it was not accessible through the control panel or any other way under either Vista x64 or Win7 x64 . I also tried installing older Trackball software using compatibility mode , but that was very unstable and the mouse cursor kept dropping out of sight.I spoke to a supervisor for Kensington support who basically told me , `` Sorry , tough luck , this is one of our older products , why do n't you buy a different Kensington product which is x64 compatible . '' I have used Kensington products for over 15 years , but after speaking with this person , I will never buy another.I finally was able to get most of the programmability by installing X-Mouse Button Control , a free 3rd-party product . What this tells me is that the hardware is x64 compatible , but that Kensington has their own agenda , and that agenda does not include the users ' best interests.I have since found many web sites with similar complaints -LRB- e.g. , -LSB- ... -RSB- and spoken to other users who believe that Kensington wants everyone who owns one of these products to spend more money and upgrade to one of their newer trackballs , while at the same time depleting their inventory of the older versions . Is this paranoia ? Or just users driven insane by bad tech support ? Either way , for me it 's good-bye Kensington -- they 've lost a long-time customer , and judging from all the traffic on the Internet regarding how they have dealt with this issue , I wo n't be the last they 'll lose .
 I 've used track balls for over 10 years . Killed the mouse and never looked back . Had the Kensington Trackballs with what looked like a cue-ball nestled in the control surface . The problem was that the switches wore out in a few months.At first I liked it . Then the first one had to go back - the buttons took several tries to work . The first click was often ignored . The replacement arrived quickly - thanks Amazon . It worked for a couple of weeks , then the exact same problem . The first click would not register . Double clicking took three clicks . Or five . Never two . I had to press the buttons harder and harder to make them work . Then the right button pushed in and would not pop back out . Had to take a small screwdriver to make the button release . Then it did it again.Total garbage . The quality is nowhere close to what it was a few years ago - I would never recommend this product to anyone . It feels cheap . It looks cheap . Why ? Because it is cheaply made . The least expensive , lowest quality parts . If it 's too late to return this paperweight , it 's going in the garbage.Seriously - I would rather throw the $ 85 I paid for this in the trash than put up with the frustration of using it another single day !
 I 'm 6 ' 0 '' tall . The angle with or without the detachable wrist rest was uncomfortable . Putting the detachable wrist rest on the trackball is difficult because the pins on the wrist rest fit so tightly on the trackball . The first time I took the detachable wrist rest off one of the pins broke off.The distance from the front to back of the unit is 5 3/4 '' . More with the detachable wrist rest attached . With the detachable wrist rest on the unit was too deep front to back to comfortably fit on my keyboard tray.The ball is nice and big and rolls smothly.My wife -LRB- she 's around 5 ' 6 '' tall -RRB- is happy using it without the detachable wrist rest . Her keyboard tray has a cushion on the front of it so the fingers are on the trackball and the wrist area on the cushion . This compensates for the wrong angle on the top front of the unit .
 This ball mouse does NOT work on a Mac ! The ball works , but the programmable buttons do not . It gives a nice `` break '' from the normal mouse , but do n't expect to be able to program the extra buttons . Save your money .
 Kensington products do not seem to be as good as they were a few years ago . I have been using a Turbo ball from them for at least 15 years and this one does not live up to my expectations .
 I had one of the original Kensingon trackballs in the early 90s and loved it . It was smooth , comfortable , and precise , but it broke a lot . I bought a supply of replacement microswitches and kept replacing them , but ultimately I could n't use it , but do n't remember exactly why . I think either the DIN-to-USB interface did n't work , or it was incompatible with Windows 2000 or something.Anyway , I was hopeful when I found this trackball , but it was too exspensive . Lately on sale for around $ -LSB- ... -RSB- after rebate , I bought one.Installation went smoothly , but that was the last `` smooth '' thing about it . The scroll ring jumps along in about 1/4 '' increments , making it unusable . There 's no way to adjust the pointer variables to allow smooth tiny increments and speedy large ones . The toggle to slow down the pointer movement does n't work when using the pointer on the scroll bar . The list goes on and on . If you unplug from one USB port and plug into another , all your settings disappear , but that may be as designed.It may be a software issue -- the old Mouseworks package has been replaced with TrackballWorks , now at V1 .0.4 . I ca n't find anything like the Preferences XML file that you could tweak with Mouseworks , but there may be something in the Registry.All in all very disappointing . Back it goes.Update
 Had I read nicho1as 's review and taken it seriously , I could have saved myself a trip back to Fry 's returns line.I am using the ` old ' Kensington expert mouse -LRB- i.e. Kensington 's classic opto-mechnical , four-button trackball , that is built like a tank -RRB- for over 6 years , the non-optical tracking system gets annoying once in a while when is starts losing tracking , and needs some cleaning to get back to working order . After also using traditional optical mouse and learning to appreciate it 's merits over old ball mouse I though the optical trackball would be a real improvement over the opto-mechanical trackball circa 1997 ... - BIG mistake!It could be , in theory , sure - but Kensignton have tried to save few bucks on their manufacturing costs , and , it 's really easy to tell . Gone are the massive , smooth , steel bearings , instead you 'll find cheap red miniature plastic balls that support the `` diamond eye '' trackball . The result is an unpleasant movement feel , perhaps folks using trackball for the first time are n't aware of it , but the older version trackball clearly had a superior feel , and higher quality plastics as well.I can easily say that this optical trackball , taken out of the box , feels about the same as the mechanical trackball when it gets dirty after months of use , and the old trackball is not such a pain to clean.Returning it was as easy decision - I did not even have to connect it to the PC to make the decision . I guess I will be using the mechanical trackball for another six years unless Kensington decide to design a professional quality optical trackball before .
 i own the previous version of this trackball and have used and loved every day ... Then , i bought another one for my second system , and it is awful ... just absolutely awful ... . the ball feels very GRAINY to roll ... . it sticks ... it has not broken-in in over two months of constant use ... this new model is very stiff ... the `` control ring '' around the ball is used as the wheel to move up/down the screen ... . same issue ... very GRAINY ... stiff . . i can actually hear the parts rubbing against one another ... i love my old kensington track ball ... but this new one i bought from Amazon is a total piece of junk ...
 Kensington refuses to update thier software and drivers to work with newer operating systems . The products/mice will not work with any VISTA OS , Nor will it work with any 64 bit operating system . They will tell you the software is built into the OS but it 's not . The software they talk about has No 4 button support , No fine pointer speed adjustments , no cording , No snap to default , and more . Also it loads a generic driver which makes the pointer move very slow - even on fastest setting you need to turn the trackball 2.5 times to get from one side of the screen to another , usually it takes less the half a turn ...
 Having used this trackball and its predecessors for more than 10 years , I could n't believe that Kensington no longer supports it with software for Vista . Believe it ! Tech Support quote -LRB- 05 June 2007 -RRB- : `` There will be no Kensington MouseWork software support on windows Vista and there is no way to program the extra buttons of the mouse or trackball in Windows Vista . '' This invalidates just about all the features of the trackball , and you get no more functionality than you do with a mouse . Beware of the advertising for this product .
 As mentioned previously , great trackball , poor design.I took a chance anyway and I now still have to try and find a proper trackball mouse since this one has a dreadful fault making it unusable.The design makes your wrist bend backward too much as the ball is too high , guaranteeing RSI in no time . The supplied wristrest is useless -LRB- too short for big hands -RRB- and feels cheap -LRB- not silicone -RRB- . A shame as the trackball itself has a nice size and feel to it.The ball should be inclined forward , not backward . If that means a smallerball , then so be it . Users serious about their trackballs should look elsewhere.Note to Kensington
 -LSB- ... -RSB- this trackball is very `` thick on the work-top '' I also had severe hand and shoulder pains after just a few days . As Amazon do n't ship this item directly to South Africa , I had to have it posted to some one in the UK who then sent it -LRB- at greater expense -RRB- to me . The Ball action is fantastic . The Scroll ring was not , as others have noted , it was very `` Scratchy '' ... was ... I fixed mine ! Having nothing to lose guarantee-wise -LRB- I was n't going to waste more money sending it back ! -RRB- ... and being a qualified electronics mecanition ... I stripped it down to have a look . The screws are under the rubber feet . There are two more holding the `` cup '' which then just slips out . The scroll ring is permanently lubricated -LRB- ie ca n't open it -RRB- and attached to the cup . Holding the ring on my left palm and the base of the `` cup '' an my right palm . I rocked it back and fro applying pressure for about 5 minutes ... it helped ... the action is now a lot better.There was one other thing I did not like the look of though ... the bottom of the black painted metal `` optical skirt '' hanging down from the scroll wheel is SO close to the tracks on the circuit board that its hard to see a gap !! SO DO N'T TRY PRESSING DOWN HARD ON THE SCROLL WHEEL WHILE ITS STILL IN THE UNIT or you may end up with cut tracks or a short circuit.Strangely , having looked inside it seemed to me that this unit could have been made slimmer ... reducing the angle a bit ... it is currently too thick at the back and too thin at the front ... it helps your wrist if you put something under the front so that it sits `` level '' ... but then you need to raise your chair to keep your shoulder level ! Maybe you could rout a hole in the work-top for it to sit in . -LRB- yeah right ! -RRB- I wrote this review with my battered old , worn-out Logitek Track Man . The brand new Kensington has been relegated to my old computer . Nuff SaidAlan DayCape Town
 As other reviewers have pointed out , Kensington 's description of this product as Windows Vista compatible is VERY misleading . I ca n't program the mouse buttons and I have to adjust the sensitivity settings every time I log on . This is a huge disappointment . I loved an older version of this product that I used with Windows 95 years go - but if you are using Windows Vista , this is NOT the mouse for you .
 I 've been a fan of Kensington trackballs for well over ten years . They 've always been miles above all the others.But the construction of this one has driven me away . Most of it is the usual Kensington quality . The scroll ring is a great concept -- it 's well placed and solves the problem of where to put the scroll wheel on a trackball.But like others , I 've found that the scroll wheel bearings seem to be made of gravel . The first one I bought , I actually returned to the retail store as defective because of the horrible scratching sound and feel when I turned the scroll wheel . The replacement was just as bad . I called Kensington , who said it should smooth out with use . It did n't . I called again and they sent me a replacement . Same problem . That was two years ago and it 's just as rough as on day one . -LRB- I moved it to a computer that I do n't use much . -RRB- I finally gave up , since Kensington apparently no longer cared that the product I bought from them did n't work . Ten years ago they seemed to care.I guess that Kensington has n't heard of ball bearings . Strange situation for a trackball . Honestly , though the scroll ring feels like it 's running on gravel , my guess is that it just does n't have bearings at all.This is totally inexcusable for a $ 100 product , and really brings Kensington 's reputation into question . It 's a great trackball if you do n't use a scroll wheel/ring , but most people do , and for the price you should be able to use itThe only other currently made trackball that I consider usable is the Logitech Cordless Trackman -- the one with the trackball in the right place , not the older corded one with the absurd thumb-operated trackball . But I do n't want wireless , and so I 'm reluctantly going back to a regular mouse . And ironically , it will probably be a Kensington model.Edward -- I see the brevity of truth . --
 I love my two Expert Mice , but when I got a new computer this week I also got this response from Kensington support : `` We regret to inform you that , Kensington has no plans to release a compatible Mouseworks software \ driver for VISTA and Windows 7 Operating Systems.The trackball can be used as a normal mouse on Vista and Windows 7 OS and the programmability of the buttons is not possible on Vista and Windows 7 OS . `` So this has become an orphan product . Too bad , as I do n't know of any good alternative .
 I am a web developer and I use a mouse actively ALL day long . After reading the reviews I was disappointed when I actually got my hands on this mouse . Feels cheaper than my $ 40 thumb trackball and puts much more strain on my wrist . It has a very sloppy/sticky action compared to my Logitech thumb trackball . It is over priced , over complicated , not very precise , nor very ergonomic .
 The product feels cheap . There is a plastic on plastic grinding noise to using the trackwheel . There is less grinding noise when using the trackball . Definitely not what I expected for a mouse of this price . I 'll try using the trackball some more , but I will probably see if I can return it .
 **** I HAVE NEVER WRITTEN A REVIEW UNTIL NOW ... I have been using track balls for a long time now to reduce the strain on my wrist . It seems the styles keep changing ... This one looks so cool and it 's BIG . Got it right away and hooked it up , it must take some time to get use to it ... after about 30 min my wrist hurt so bad I had to get off the computer . If I have alot to do on the computer I use my logitech . As a matter of fact I wo n't even use the Kensington . I would suspect a carpal tunnel law suit in their future . Perhaps the slim line one is better ... I have n't tried it . Wish I could return it ... too late . *** DO NOT BUY ***
 After reading so many positive reviews for the Expert Mouse before I bought it , it I 'm a bit hesitant to write my own because it 's the total opposite from most of the praise you 'll read here.I really tried to like this thing . But I ca n't - here 's why : As a professional video and photo editor I 've known about these types of devices for a long time and it always sounded a good idea to use one in principle . Sadly , I 'm one of those who just can not work properly with it.First off , if you do anything that requires very small and precise movements , forget about it . I do n't know how so many folks can work with the Expert Mouse . I have large hands but even for me the trackball is simply way too large . No matter how subtly I move my fingers , the trackball jerks the pointer all over my 24 inch screens.Now - and think about it - when you have your hand over the trackball , and you try to move your fingers to touch one of the buttons , you 're bound to move the cursor again without wanting to.Trying to make precise cuts on a video timeline has so far been incredibly frustrating . You can adjust the sensitivity but even that did n't solve this problem for me.If you click a lot and do it fast , forget about it too . You 'll have to have your fingers in such an awkward position over that gigantic trackball that clicking a button requires even weirder movements with your fingers . Again , in principle you 'd think the layout and size would be awesome but it 's just not.Finally - that clicking noise . OMG ! Are you kidding me ? This is by far the loudest , most annoying clicking noise of any input device I have ever had - and I 've had 30 or more over the years . I 'm used to a quiet work environment and the noise coming from the buttons is absolutely not acceptable.Yes , the build quality and all that stuff is fine . It does work on Windows 7 Pro 64 bit . But considering how terrible it is to use I 'm really quite baffled of why this thing is so popular ; maybe I 'm a uncoordinated clutz . Whatever the case - after about an hour of trying to fight through a simple edit I disconnected it and went back to my trusty old two-button mouse . Ahhhh yes , much MUCH faster again.Hope this helps .
 Pros
 First I have to say , the Expert mouse has always been my all time favorite mouse . I work in Professional Audio , Video and Web development and have been using all of Kenisgton 's pro and expert large track ball mouses since they came out on the market . I have 4 expert mouses total and I have to say , never again . In fact I am so disappointed in their decision to change build quality and parts that I want to throw the last two against the wall as hard as I can ! :-LRB- After purchasing a third a couple years ago , I got the mouse and noticed the scroll wheel and the track ball itself was not as smooth as my previous two . The scroll wheel used to have a nice , silent , ultra smooth notched rotation . The fact that it was silent when you spun the scroll wheel was a big selling point for me as no other mouse had such a feature.After purchasing my third a couple years ago , I noticed a strange `` scraping '' sound as if it was rubbing against its base when turning eh wheel . It was also making a loud noise and the `` notch '' feel had all but disappeared . I chalked it up as a one time flaw and sucked it up and kept it . I did n't complain and ended up giving it to one of my employees . Then I picked up a fourth Expert Mouse last week . Two years since the purchase of that third `` flawed '' Expert mouse . How disappointed I was when I discovered my newest Expert mouse has the same crappy feel . The first two I own still feel amazing and have no competition out there . But this new crappy designed Expert mouse I just might send back for a refund . Anyway , that 's the deal . I am sorry Kensington decided to cut corners with this new cheaper feel , declining performance Expert Mouse . Most likely this move was to save on manufacturing costs as I am sure they are not selling as many as they hoped . the Expert mouse used to be the finest trackball control mouse in the world . Oh well . Now I will be in search of a new favorite .
 Kensington Expert Mouse used to be A-1 . Not any longer . It has four buttons , a ball and a scroll wheel . Only 2 buttons are programmable so 2 are just duplicates or non-functionable . It has excellent pointer speed , but nothing between very fast and almost stop . Most important is that it is so sensitive , the slightest touch can lose what you 're doing or working on . THIS IS VERY BAD ! It seems there is no calibration made on this mouse -- just slap four buttons around a ball and sell it to long time users . If I had n't thrown out my older one , I 'd return this one.I need a good mouse because of manual problems -- this is not it , even though Kensington advertises it 's ergonomic qualities . Because of these deficiencies price is too high . Would NOT recommend it .
 While I have been a fan of the Expert Mouse for over a decade , the support offered on this product borders on criminal.Kensington claims that it is supported by Windows 7 and Vista and they advertise it as such.However , their Trackball Works software is so buggy and unstable that it is not even usable . Frankly , I would consider the stability of the software to be at Alpha stage . It 's not even stable enough to be called Beta software . The mouse continually engages in uncontrolled click-locks , the trackball works system tray icon will load from 2-4 times in the system tray and there is erratic click releasing when it is used with other applications . Swapping for left hand usage causes the mouse clicks to completely fail when User Account Control -LRB- UAC -RRB- is activated in Windows 7 so there is no way to actually ` click ' on the dialog boxes.I have lodged numerous complaints with Kensington support and they have acknowledged the bugs and said they are working on it and I should keep checking back for a new version of the software . It has been 3 months now and there is still no software and I can only use my Expert Mouse if I disable the Kensington software ... which in turn disables the the top 2-buttons on the mouse so they are unusable.Kensington is engaged in fraudulent advertising and I 'm lodging my complaints with the FTC now.This product would get 5 stars if it worked as advertised.Shame on you Kensington !
 Do not buy this mouse to use on Vista ! It is not supported with all its features on Vista . The `` MouseWorks '' software has not been ported to Vista , and the Vista drivers do not support all the features you may be expecting from use of the -LRB- formerly excellent -RRB- Kensington trackballs on prior MS Windows versions . There is a workaround -LRB- download the MouseWorks software , set the properties to `` run as administrator '' and `` run in XP SP2 compatibility mode '' , and then run -RRB- - use a search engine to find more detailed instructions -LRB- e.g. http://blog.jeffhandley.com/archive/2007/12/18/kensington-expert-mouse-on-vista.aspx look for Derek Williams ' explanation -RRB- . This workaround is simpler and better than the one using the MS IntelliMouse driver , but does n't work perfectly either.One other issue
 The ExpertMouse has been a great product for many years . Unfortunately , contrary to the Kensington website and even the information on the ExpertMouse package , it does not work properly with Windows Vista systems . Kensington MouseWorks software does not work properly with Windows Vista , and according to Kensington Tech Support , they will not be making it work with Vista . This means that all those extra buttons will not work . Kensington has refused to resolve this issue . If you have a Vista computer , this trackball is a rip off .
 Have used the original white Kensington Expert Mouse at my home office for years . Still works great to this day . Bought the current version for a computer at work and was disappointed with the quality and several of the design changes . > biggest disappointment was the buttons which are too hard to push . Much harder than any mouse button you are used to . My thumb quickly got tired and sore ... just asking for a repetitive stress injury . > they steepened the angle of the face of the track ball forcing you to tilt your wrist back more > For fine movement , I found the metal rollers on the older version smoother and more precise than the laser . > the older version is heavier , feels solid , made in USA . The newer feels light , hollow , a bit cheesy ... and no offense to anyone , but made in China.I 'd recommend going to ebay or another site where you can pick up used/vintage equipment and buying one of the original Kensington Expert Mouse trackballs - mine is going strong after 12 years , and its far better made than the current offering .
 Background History : I 've been a devoted Kensington user for over 10 years , because they 've always created great trackballs which are durable and have great features . The Expert Mouse trackball line has always been priced high compare to competitors , but in the past , this price was well worth it.That no longer holds true . Although the quality of the hardware still remains high , the software and product support are poor in comparison.When a new Windows Operating system is introduced , Kensington does n't maintain drivers to support the new OS for their older models.I purchased a $ 100 Expert Mouse Pro Trackball -LRB- 64213 -RRB- 7 years ago , and Kensington does n't have any drivers for Vista , Windows 2008 , or Windows 7 for this Model.I have a 7 year old cheaper Logitech trackball with multiple programmable buttons , and Logitech is still providing drivers for this mouse on newer operating systems.Review specifically on Kensington Expert Mouse 64325 Trackball : I decided to buy a new Kensington Expert Mouse , because my old Kensington 64213 trackball programmable buttons were no longer able to work on any of the new operating systems.I installed the software , and programmed the 3rd and 4th mouse buttons to do copy and paste . When I went to try this out via Remote Desktop , the Kensington software failed to send the copy and paste command , and instead sent v and c characters.This feature works with my Logitech trackball , so I know it 's not a problem with the Remote Desktop software , and instead it 's a problem with the Kensington software.I called Kensington product support , and the poor English speaking support person tried to tell me that the buttons could not be programmed . She obviously did not know the product.I asked for her supervisor , and he told me that they did not support using their mouse with remote desktop , and he suggested I should take the product back.I advice him that this was a bug in their software , and ask if there was any way I could find out if there was an upcoming fix for it.He stated there was no plans to fix it.I followed the Kensington support advise , and took the product back.It 's a shame that Kensington does n't understand that the hardware is only as good as the software that supports it.I recommend that any user looking to purchase a trackball , go with Logitech instead.Logitech software works with current OS , and Logitech continues to create new drivers for new operating systems , which allows old Logitech trackball models to continue working on new operating systems.I will never purchase another Kensington product .
 I have a a kensington expert mouse pro for about 5 years now , and while the product is of great quality , hardware wise , I 'm extremely displeased with kensingtons lack of support or interest for their customers who use a 64 bit systems . Everytime I do a system upgrade I have major hassles getting this device to work properly -LRB- if you are ok with two buttons , no problem , but then you wouldnt buy a four button device -RRB- , no word from customer support whatsoever , and absolutely zero support if you happen to be using Linux . Handle with care , if possible choose an alternative with better support .
 I used the Expert Mouse -LRB- actually a trackball -RRB- for a few years , mostly satisfied -LRB- it seemed to get a bit sticky if I did n't use it for a while -RRB- . Last summer we moved , and in the process , one of the tiny -LRB- 2 mm across ? -RRB- red bearings which support the trackball either fell out or broke . Now the whole mouse is basically useless . I contacted Kensington and they said there 's nothing they could do . If it were under warranty , they could have replaced it . But this was n't really a warranty issue since it worked fine until it got packed up and moved . It 's just a shame to throw out the whole thing for a 2 mm plastic bearing , with no option to fix it . I wish I could post a picture , it 's really stupid that missing this tiny read bearing -LRB- I read online about people accidentally vacuuming them up while cleaning the trackball -RRB- can render the whole thing virtually useless.I also asked about the current Expert Trackball and Kensington1 said it 's designed the same way . So much for replacing the Expert Mouse with a new one.The magic mouse does n't have this problem , and it 's cheaper ... Yup , I already have one and love it .
 The ExpertMouse has been a great product for many years . Unfortunately , contrary to the Kensington website and even the information on the ExpertMouse package , it does not work properly with Windows Vista systems . Kensington MouseWorks software does not work properly with Windows Vista , and according to Kensington Tech Support , they will not be making it work with Vista . This means that all those extra buttons will not work . Kensington has refused to resolve this issue . If you have a Vista computer , this trackball is a rip off .
 Any potential buyer should know that this product is not really worth the price from its quality.The hand rest gives a bad smell and the body of this device produced from low quality plastic.Overall the device is workable and working fluently on both my Mac and Windows machine . A really special feeling using this very big trackball.Note :1 . This trackball is for someone with a big palm2 . The quality is not as goog as expected a $ 80 product .3 . If you never use a trackball before , it will take some time to get used to it . -LRB- I owned this product for three weeks now -RRB-
 Having owned and enjoyed a prior incarnation of a Kensington trackball when running OS9 on an older computer and in spite of some reviews on the Amazon site warning of problems using a Kensington device with OSX , I eagerly anticipated the arrival of my Kensington Expert trackball only to be bitterly disappointed . Even after downloading updated software , it is still `` clunky '' , ergonomically clumsy and much less sensitive than the plain old Apple Supermouse which came with my computer and which can also scroll laterally . The buttons do not fall easily under hand and it does not respond well to OSX type commands . My only regret is that I was so sure that this was going to be a success , I did not save the packaging so that I can not return it to Amazon . Save your money .
 Received this very expensive trackball yesterday . The accompanying wrist rest did not even come close to fitting the unit , actually leaving a gap of almost 1/4 '' where there should have been none . Also , no disk with the required software was included -LRB- really should have been included at this price -RRB- but there was a slip of paper which gave a site for downloading the software . I downloaded the software and was unable to get it to load properly after several tries -LRB- and I 'm far from a computer novice -RRB- . I 'm returning the unit to Amazon . I will almost certainly avoid Kensington products in the future .
 Low Quality control , scroll wheel is not good , scroll wheel is not smooth , it 's rough almost all around . My intention was to use this trackball with drafting program like Sketchup and ACAD but turned out that I am missing a middle button , so I had to program one of the 4 button for that function but it does work well like the middle button on the scroll wheel of a mouse.I would not recommend this trackball .
 PROS
 I want to and should be able to love this trackball
 In Vista this otherwise excellent trackball mouse degrades to a basic two button mouse with absolutely NO modifications or features . Kensington 's excellent XP software does not work at all in Vista . Kensington has walked away for any responsibility for suporting its mouse in Vista . Tech support apologizes but offers zero help . Clearly , Kensington has no intention of fixing this .
 I bought two of these and have only used them a couple days . What I dislike most about it is the weight of the trackball . It is too massive to expect to be able to use delicate movements of one finger . It looks like a pool -LRB- table -RRB- ball that is especially painted . I have a little arthritis and at first I thought I would have to return it . It was annoying to see that the three little red balls that hold up the trackball were so stiff it made the trackball hard to turn . Turning it upside down and rolling it around helped but the stiffness was noticeable for hours . Not what I expect in a quality product . I use the ball with two fingers . The weight of the ball makes the whole thing topheavy so it is difficult to balance on my lap -LRB- where I usually use it -RRB- . I did not like the size and placement of the buttons because there is no really comfortable position for my large hand . I think if Kensington kept the radial design of the buttons but made more of them and if the buttons extended further then I could use their programmabiltiy to get a good fit.On the plus side the switches seem exellent and the correspondence between the cursor and the trackball -LRB- Once you get it rolling . -RRB- is great . There is no comparably priced trackball out there besides Logitech 's but I have never had a Logitech mouse last for more than 18 months . A five year guarantee speaks for itself . I use both on one computer and have had no problems with that.Please understand my two star rating is not comparing this to any other trackball but what I expect from ordering -LRB- and paying for -RRB- the best one available and a first impression . I 'm sure if I continue to use it my opinion will improve over time .
 the best mouse , pointing device , cheese grater that money could buy.I bought the ` Expert Mouse ' from another vendor . The packaging and contents were well done . I had everthing that I needed to install this ` mouse ' that I had once used many years before in the editing room of the college newspaper.Everything installed , -LRB- mac and windows -RRB- just fine . Plugged in the unit . It felt lighter than I recalled but then that was so many years ago.I put my hand on the ball and I was pleased ; it was n't that moment of nostalgia that we all seek but it sufficed . Then I turned the scroll wheel with my finger ... . bad news.It felt as if I was dragging cardboard over pebbles , -LRB- not the greatest analogy ... -RRB- . How ? What ? Who ? $ 100.00 and it feels like this ?????? The tactile feel of the ball and buttons was good . Not great , but good . That scroll whell was terrible . I flipped the unit over . Like so many things these days , the label stated clearly , `` Made in China '' . Not a shocker.Contacted Kensington thinking this was a one-off . After initial difficulty getting an answer from their , ` system ' I had contact with a rep in California , I think . They immediately sent me another ` Expert Mouse ' . Service was fine . What anyone would expect.Problem was , the second , ` Expert Mouse ' was worse than the first . I can not recommend that anyone pay this much money for this item . It is perhaps worth 30 % of the price , but not more . Not with this ` feel ' or ` substance ' . Hope this helps .
 This turboball does not provide functionality with Vista or Windows 7 . The worst aspect is the disgusting customer support from Kensington . The company has no intention of providing software for the current Windows OS . They simply state that it can be used as a simple turboball with no additional functionality . The packaging for this product clearly states that the turboball requires ... Windows XP OR LATER !!!!!!! . Talk about misleading advertising ! I would suggest that purchasers refuse to buy any kensington products .
 I 'm a mice dispositives fan . I 've always been , and in my lap top I always have a mouse/trackball connected as well as my Wntuos3 Wacom tablet.Right now I 'm using the Wow Pen Eco as a mouse instead of my `` ex-a lot much desired '' Kensington Expert Mouse because the simple reason that it does n't respond when I move the trackball !! It is not possible that when ever I try to move my cursor or pointer , I have to wait moving the ball until it finally decides to reaction!I am SO desapointed with this . The sistem would be very comfortable if only it worked as normal as any other mouse.I could n't send it back because I broke the box when it was packed , otherwise I would be rid of it immediately!This is my experience with this device !
 I bought this mouse after reading rave reviews . I have had surgery for Carpal Tunnel syndrome on both of my hands and was looking for a trackball that was smooth and prevent hand and wrist fatigue . I was willing to spend some money and excited at the prospect of this mouse . When I received it , right out of the box it felt light and cheap . Once I hooked it up the wireless aspect worked fine but the ball was not smooth at all . My hand was really fatigued after 5 minutes . I immediately boxed it up and sent it back . Note , if you are returning an item to Amazon because you do n't like it , they are going to charge you for the shipping . Anyway , I am glad to be rid of that junk . The Kensington Trackball Model # 64327 is by far the smoothest trackball I have ever used . My only complaint is its lack of a scroll wheel button .
 I wanted to replace my failed Microsoft trackball optical which had served me very well for many years . As the Microsoft trackball optical was no longer available I trawled Amazon for similar devices , after extensive research and the reviews posted I decided to go for the Kensington Expert Mouse ModelK64325 , I wish I had not . It is an ergonomic disaster , no button falls easy to hand , making a smooth workflow impossible . The scroll ring quality is well below standard and the trackball unnecessarily large and heavy . The number of programmable options was nowhere near that of the Microsoft unit which enabled one of its five buttons to be programmed as a `` back '' button , this I found very useful . Modern plastic packaging does not make it easy to repack and return , if it did this mouse would have gone straight back .
 Nothing on Amazon 's site gave system requirements of MAC 10 or later . My older Kensington Expert Mouse Pro after many years of hard use gave up the ghost , so I got the new one , it moves the curser sluggishly but all four buttons do the same thing , the scroll ring does n't do any thing . The ball is smaller than the older one , I ca n't use my `` 8 '' ball . I have used a Kensington Expert Mouse for almost 20 years and have never had a complaint till now . I can get use to the sluggish and smaller ball , but I wish the software were compatible .
 Earlier reviews rated this highly for ergonomics but I found that as it 's higher in front than the back you have to bend your wrist up in a very strained position . I had to make an angled tray to compensate but , as the ball is not secured , there 's a risk of it falling out when properly angled to avoid wrist strain.It 's software is disappointing & does n't seem well integrated with Windows XP - unlike Logitech 's Mouseware , the device only shows as a generic HID in Control Panel Mouse . Its pluses
 First of all , I would like to ask
 It defaults to having the buttons below the ball enabled . This borders on being a health and safety issue.The so called driver defaults to the microsoft driver enabling only two buttons . The help desk told me to do some things . I did them and told them I did . Then , the guy from whereverintheworld told me to do the same things paraphrased . I was so insulted that I not only will not ever by a product made by Kensington again , I will tell anyone who will listen.I hope they saved a lot of money sending the help desk to the fourth world.Ralph
 Basically , the software - which I would have needed in order to use the track ball - did not work on either my Windows Vista x64 or Windows 7 x64 machines . -LRB- I did not try it with the XP or Vista 32-bit systems . -RRB- As usual , Amazon refunded the purchase price with no problem.I am really disappointed because the track ball itself would have done exactly what I bought it for . I use these things left handed , freeing up my right for telephone , calculator and writing . The only feature I wanted was the programmable buttons so that I could use the upper left for Click and the lower right for Right-Click . This arrangement fit my hand perfectly , especially with the larger-than-Orbit-sized ball . Also , this is the first time I can recall a wrist rest improving the experience instead of making it worse.It has been mentioned elsewhere that the Expert Mouse is not exactly `` industrial strength '' . This is true , but it does not appear to be flimsy , and is on a par with the Orbit model , which even I have not been able to destroy yet . There was also the observation that the scroll ring `` grinds '' , etc. . By the time I was through fooling around with this device , I no longer noticed any binding , and the scrolling was fast and smooth.Even with the bum software , I could tell the tracking was smooth and accurate . I do not believe the scroll ring or the tracking are as impressive without TrackballWorks , although the device will work with native drivers if you do not need to reconfigure the buttons.It looks like Orbit will be my weapon of choice a while longer .
 The Good -------- 1 . Better scroll wheelContrary to what most people have written , I like the scroll wheel on this mouse . True , it 's not the Cadillac of user gesture interpretation . -LRB- That would be the Apple Trackpad . -RRB- But it 's still an improvement over the tire-across-rumble-strips scroll wheels of conventional mice .2 . Minimal desk spaceSince this mouse is stationary , it takes up minimal desk space and requires no mouse pad . This is the main reason I prefer trackball mice over conventional mice . I get tired of having to pick up a conventional mouse and reposition it in the center of the mouse pad . -LRB- This periodic `` correction '' is inevitable as a side effect of mouse acceleration . -RRB- 3 . No accidental mouse moves while clicking -LRB- Again because it 's stationary -RRB- 4 . AchiralityIf you 're like me , you have to feign ambidexterity to avoid repetitive strain injury . Most conventional mice are achiral , but trackball mice often are n't . The Bad ------- 5 . The `` bonus '' wrist restThrow this back in the box , and once you are sure you wo n't be returning the mouse , throw it away . It has no ergonomic value and smells of noxiously cheap manufacturing -LRB- volatile organic compounds -RRB- . The Ugly -------- 6 . The mouse driver -LRB- on Windows at least -RRB- Mouse events are sometimes lost and sometimes spuriously introduced . The most evident examples of this are failures when clicking a button and problems when dragging : - Occasionally , when I try to click on a button , the mouse-down event fires causing the button to have a depressed appearance , but the mouse-up event -LRB- or possibly mouse-click event -RRB- does not fire , so the button remains depressed but unclicked . As you can imagine , this is quite irritating -- with this mouse _ clicking _ is an unreliable operation . - Occasionally , I try to drag a file and it gets released while I 'm still holding the mouse button . It is easy to recreate this kind of problem when dragging between applications . For example , it works fine if I drag an email attachment to the desktop with a conventional mouse . With the Kensington mouse , once the mouse cursor leaves the email application , it completely forgets that I 'm dragging a file . - Double-click-and-drag only works if I put a pause in between the double-click and the beginning drag event . I can do this operation quickly with a conventional mouse but it must be slightly delayed with the Kensington mouse , which is quite disappointing.Conclusion ---------- Because the mouse driver makes using this mouse so irritating , and because _ clicking _ and _ dragging _ are what a mouse is supposed to be good at , I would not recommend this mouse to anyone . If Kensington fixes these problems in their software , then it would be a good mouse . Until then , I would avoid not only this mouse but any other Kensington mice .
 I was terribly disappointed when I tried to install this trackball on my Vista laptop . There is no driver for Vista , which meant that I could not program the buttons at all , and 2 of the four had absolutely no purpose . So , I returned it . On the good side , the design is quite comfortable -LRB- I am a woman with smallish hands but long fingers -RRB- , and I love the placement of the scroll ring . If Kensington writes a Vista driver , I 'll get another one , but until then , my hunt continues .
 The Wireless Turbo Mouse would seem to be a good bet , however it suffers from a very poor implementation of the scrolling ring when used on the web . The problem is it should advance the screen smoothly , but it 's annoyingly jerky , and therefore continues to be annoying day after day , month after ... ect . I called Kennsignton in an effort to tell them my thoughts , and was listened to patiently , but it was a waste of time . The point is , this company had a lot going for it years ago , but now seems to be coasting down hill . Also , the battery needs replacement about once a week , so if you buy this , plan on a recharger and extra set of C cells .
 The ExpertMouse has been a great product for many years . Unfortunately , contrary to the Kensington website and even the information on the ExpertMouse package , it does not work properly with Windows Vista systems . Kensington MouseWorks software does not work properly with Windows Vista , and according to Kensington Tech Support , they will not be making it work with Vista . This means that all those extra buttons will not work . Kensington has refused to resolve this issue . If you have a Vista computer , this trackball is a rip off .
 Too much drag on the roller . The scroll ring movement feels like a partially failed ratchet . Button action is acceptable . The older model with mechanical rollers was much better . Less expensive , too .
 I 've been using Kensington Trackballs for years , and in my time I 've been through a more than a few . These see heavy use on when on my desk.THE GOOD
 I had high hopes for this mouse . After my logitec mouse died from abuse , I was looking for a comfortable precise mouse . My needs were simple : - needs to be comfortable -LRB- for use up to 8 hours in a row -RRB- , for photoshop/lightroom usage , and wow gaming-easily cleanable-preciseThe kensington expert mouse was a breeze to install , and looks impressive out of the box . The trackball is larger than any other trackball out there . This gives better precision . One thing i noticed from the get go is the trackball is not smooth at all . Reason being it does n't actually roll on the mini-rollers , but rather just frictions it 's way through . This has a very cheap feeling to it , as you have to spend more effort to move the ball in any direction -LRB- Effort is not good -RRB- The mouse comes with a fancy add on wrist pad.I tested it yesterday for about 6 hours of online gaming -LRB- wowing -RRB- , and at the end of 6 hours , i felt wrist discomfort like no other . I 'm used to having good ergonomics , I use a kinesis keyboard , and have never had any issues with any other variants of trackball mouses , but with this one , I just could n't get the right angle . You wrist just feels jammed again the table , or in an awkward position , with or without the wrist pad attached.It 's going back to Amazon on Monday .
 I 've had the Expert Mouse for a couple years . It works great on Windows XP , and the hardware is reliable and easy to maintain -LRB- especially cleaning is very easy . -RRB- However , the drivers for this trackball are not supported under Windows Vista , and Kensington 's support department will tell you that they never will be - if they ever respond to your support request . And , both the Expert Mouse and Vista are current products ! This means that on Vista , you ca n't use the two top buttons , or any of the chording -LRB- double-presses -RRB- that Kensington advertises , and that I bought the Expert Mouse for . The arrogance of Kensington is unbelievable . You really ca n't count on them to be there for you when you need them . It 's like they 're * trying * to go out of business . Avoid this product .
 Just be aware that Kensington will not be developing or supporting the software supplied with this unit unit vista - Their web site has this confirmed !
 recognize that less than stellar reviews are almost labeled as ` not helpful ' because people somehow take it personally that another person has disparaged some product that they want positive validation on . So be it . Here 's the honest review of the Expert Mouse nonetheless.For $ 80.00 , I 'm shocked . This is an incredibly cheapo feeling product . My purpose in going this route was to eliminate some growing wrist pain . I can already tell that a trackball is going to help ; but it wo n't be this trackball . My days are spent with Photoshop , InDesign , and a myriad other applications that demand extremely precise cursor and tracking accuracy . This trackball rests on tiny plastic/nylon bearings that either do not rotate or do so VERY poorly . All of which leaves the trackball to herky jerky around . Yes , there are extensive settings in the driver software to fine tune some the actions for your personal needs . But understand this very clearly , the fine tuning is meaningless because the actual mechanical workings of the ball are sooooooooo poorly designed . Both the ball itself and supposedly magnificent scroll wheel operate with the feeling and sound of grinding coffee . Overall the operation is typical of a mouse costing maybe $ 12.00 , not a penny more . I realize this is sad news for those of you really looking for a positive review . And believe me , I have reviewed things for Amazon very favorably , but for $ 80.00 this particular item is just very close to being as useless as it can be .
 I used this trackball on a Mac running 10.4 and it performs its basic functions as advertised . You can mouse around the screen and the four click-buttons are large and easy to configure . The optical trackball works.However , the true disappointment comes when trying to use the scrolling capabilities . As you have read from the product description , the scroll wheel takes the form of a dial surrounding the trackball . This dial suffers from two inhumane issues :1 -RRB- The feel of the dial is atrocious . I would have hoped for a slick ball-bearing or smooth-as-silk -LRB- SAS -RRB- movement . Instead , Kensington delivered an unflattering plastic-on-plastic -LRB- POP -RRB- feel . Just as you think your fingers have applied sufficient force to overcome the static friction of the dial , some inconsistency in the formation of the POP causes the dial to falter . This leads to the second issue .2 -RRB- When you use the scroll dial , your fingers have little choice but to move the trackball . Take a look at the picture and try to imagine this
 The ExpertMouse has been a great product for many years . Unfortunately , contrary to the Kensington website and even the information on the ExpertMouse package , it does not work properly with Windows Vista systems . Kensington MouseWorks software does not work properly with Windows Vista , and according to Kensington Tech Support , they will not be making it work with Vista . This means that all those extra buttons will not work . Kensington has refused to resolve this issue . If you have a Vista computer , this trackball is a rip off .
 Thank you for contacting Kensington Technical Support.We regret to inform you that , our Kensington mice are compatible with vista as a normal mouse but it will not give the capability of programming the buttons.There will be no Kensington Mouse Work 's software support on windows Vista and there is no way to program the extra buttons of the mouse or trackball in Windows Vista.We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused to you.If you need further assistance , please feel free to reply to this message or call to our technical support toll-free number -LRB- 1-800-535-4242 -RRB- from Monday through Friday anytime , between 7:30 am and 4:30 pm Pacific Time , and we will happily assist you with your problem.Regards , Rinki KumariKensington Technical Support
 I have been using Kensington Trackballs all my life . But I was very disappointed with the tracking ring on this one . While all the other features are terrific -LRB- regular mouse tracking is great -RRB- , this is no longer good enough when comparing to other devices like Apple 's Wireless Mighty Mouse.I also found that the elevation of the Expert Trackball was higher and at a different angle than previous trackballs , making my wrist tired very quickly.Overall , I do n't recommend this . The one I purchased I have already given away .
 I purchased the Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball about 4 years ago to use on my Mac workstation . It is wonderful . I liked it so much , I recently purchased a second one to use at work on my PC.What a disappointment . The new one LOOKS like the first one I purchased , but it sure does n't work like that one.The trackball is `` stiff '' - it does n't feel like velvet under my fingertips like to older one . Maybe it just needs to be `` broken in '' . But the scroll ring , mentioned in other reviews , is simply unacceptable . The new one feels like it has sand in it . It moves very roughly . My older model absolutely glides - like on ball bearings.If this is typical of the quality of this product , it has certainly been compromised since I purchased the original one . I do n't think I can live with this . I 'll probably pack it up and return it.Acco - are you listening ?
 I have used one of these trackballs at work for over 3 years . It 's fantastic , and I finally got around to ordering one for home use . Unfortunately the one that came , while identical in appearance , feels like a cheap imitation . Amazon is n't to blame here , Kensington is . The mouse feels about 50 % lighter , which is a bad thing for a track ball . The wrist attachment stubs broke within 30 seconds of putting it on . The pegs broke off inside the mouse , so now it 's got these nubs on the bottom . I 've already packaged it up to return to Amazon . It really sucks , because 3 years ago this mouse was AMAZING , and now it 's quite clear that Kensington has cut corners , started using substandard components and made their product inferior .
 Mechanically this unit is great - built like a tank . BUT , even though the advertising literature says it works with both USB and PS2 , the user manual says it works with USB and PS2 , the box touts both connections , and the unit ships with a USB-to-PS2 adapter attached to it , the new Tackballworks program ONLY SUPPORTS USB CONNECTION - NOT PS2 CONNECTIONS !!!! Their tech support confirms this . Unbelievable !! It probably qualifies as deceptive advertising , if anyone wanted to take them to court on it . You can . of course , run it without Trackballworks , but then you ca n't adjust sensitivity , reverse the scroll ring direction , or reassign button functions . In fact , with a USB to PDS2 connection it will only work like a mouse , with the lower two buttons acting as left and right click.Not a problem if you have a USB connection -LRB- I have multiple computers running through a PS2 KVM switch , so this does n't work for me -RRB- . But if you are thinking of buying this unit and still have PS2 connections , be aware of the deceptive advertising .
 I used this trackball on a Mac running 10.4 and it performs its basic functions as advertised . You can mouse around the screen and the four click-buttons are large and easy to configure . The optical trackball works.However , the true disappointment comes when trying to use the scrolling capabilities . As you have read from the product description , the scroll wheel takes the form of a dial surrounding the trackball . This dial suffers from two inhumane issues :1 -RRB- The feel of the dial is atrocious . I would have hoped for a slick ball-bearing or smooth-as-silk -LRB- SAS -RRB- movement . Instead , Kensington delivered an unflattering plastic-on-plastic -LRB- POP -RRB- feel . Just as you think your fingers have applied sufficient force to overcome the static friction of the dial , some inconsistency in the formation of the POP causes the dial to falter . This leads to the second issue .2 -RRB- When you use the scroll dial , your fingers have little choice but to move the trackball . Take a look at the picture and try to imagine this
 This trackball is an extraordinary disappointment and I think calls into question Kensington 's commitment to the production of quality computer peripherals . I migrated to `` Expert '' mouse from an out-of-production Logitech trackball
 Poor build quality . Herky-jerky ball rolling ... Ring around the trackball is noisy plastic against plastic . Software to change horizontal scrolling is poorly implemented . My hand hurts after two days .
 The ExpertMouse has been a great product for many years . Unfortunately , contrary to the Kensington website and even the information on the ExpertMouse package , it does not work properly with Windows Vista systems . Kensington MouseWorks software does not work properly with Windows Vista , and according to Kensington Tech Support , they will not be making it work with Vista . This means that all those extra buttons will not work . Kensington has refused to resolve this issue . If you have a Vista computer , this trackball is a rip off .
 The the trackball does not come with software , you have to download it from their website . The software comes with a six page PDF doc with instructions on how to install this on Windows 7 64bit . I printed these out and followed the to the letter , it will not install because Kensington does not have a digital signature on their own drivers , which I find somewhat concerning.DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU RUN Win7 64bit !
 WARNING !!! Kensington does NOT support windows XP 64-bit ! You can not program the buttons or get full functionality under x64 and kensington has bluntly stated that they have no interest in supporting it . If you are a CAD user this hardware is obsolete , stay away!Thats a shame , too , because I would otherwise rave about the ergonomics , the scroll ring -LRB- though it is quite scratchy , even after a couple of years use at 45hrs/wk -RRB- , and the convienence of programmable buttons.Discraceful behaviour from an otherwise top manufacturer .
 I opened this just a bit ago and I have to say it simply sucks . OK , the trackball is smooth , but the scrolling is worthless . If you scroll slow enough , it does n't even register . It feels like there 's grit in the wheel itself and just does n't work well . The install is problematic as well if you 've already installed MS Intellimouse software . I think that the two are currently conflicting and that may be causing issues . Even if it is , it would n't explain away the less than smooth feel I get from this scrollring deal.I have BIG hands . I have trouble finding gloves most of the time . Yet my hand seems too small to fit over the ball and push the buttons . I 'd recently bought a trackball for my linux machine to keep deskspace usage for that box to a minimum and I liked the way it worked . Of course , that was a Logitech with a scrollwheel . I did n't get another because it only has two buttons and I use the back button a lot when surfing.For $ 80 + , this just feels cheap and it does n't work well . Too bad - it 's going back .
 Bought this to replace a Logitech Trackman Marble . Plugged it in and went to the website to download the driver . I went to install it and I got an error message that it was n't compatible with my version of Windows . -LRB- i have Windows7 64 bit -RRB- although on the website it says it is . I contacted Support . They sent me an email asking for screenshots of the error message and my system info . I sent them and they replied thanking me for doing so . Well 3 weeks pass and not a word . So I returned this and just bought a new Logitech . Then a week after that they finally contact me telling me that since they have n't heard from me in 2 weeks they consider the problem SOLVED ! WHAT ???? Plus they send another email to take a survey rating their service . I took the survey and told them the I solved the problem by returning it and i would n't buy another one of their products . Then a couple of days later I get ANOTHER email that they were updating the software in a few days so it should work then . Like I said in the title ... I 'm sticking with Logitech . -LRB- Besides the button placement stinks on this anyway , IMO -RRB-
 I 've been using Kensington Trackballs for a long time and I was looking forward to the new Expert Mouse , especially for it 's scrolling wheel . I 've been terribly disappointed . The new mouse is cheaply made and I know because I took it apart to try to lubricate it and make it work properly . The track ball itself is ok once you polish it with some wax . But the scroll ring is hopelessly cheap , has no bearings and is impossible to improve . It 's stiff and hard to use . I honestly think that if they spent a dollar or two more on parts , it would have been marvelous.I will no longer buy Kensington products sight unseen .
 I can easily use either a trackball or a mouse , but prefer a trackball because I have large hands and the trackball gives me greater control and sensitivity in both my work and my personal computer usage . The Kensington USB trackball seemed ideal , as the ball is larger than usual . I used the trackball continually for a year after I bought it , being careful to clean it regularly . Today , for no apparent reason , the trackball stopped working reliably -- sometimes not working at all and sometimes giving bizarre responses to my attempted use . Rebooting my computer , cleaning the trackball , reseating the cable , and all my other attempts to make it work were no help .
 I have only used Kensington Trackballs since I bought the first Mac in 1993 . So this review is from 17 years of happy use . This is just an awful and crappy cheapo product ! - Every 50 clicks or so the ring moves when I click . This happens without me pushing the ring by accident . I end up clicking an inch higher or lower of the intended target . This is a showstopper by itself . - This is the first trackball that gave me pain in my hand . I think the angle is steeper . I had to get a wristband and switch with a regular mouse for a long while . Now it 's just unpleasant . - The ball motion is not smooth at all like it used to be . - It feels very cheap , made of cheap plastic . It makes hollow clunky sounds , too . Both the ring and the click . - The hand rest does not fit the case so it keeps moving up and down if I lean on it higher up . - The thumb clicking button finish wore out within two weeks.Goodbye Kensington . It was a pleasure while it lasted !
 The Kensington Expert Mouse is a high-end trackball mouse that I 'm tempted to call my favorite mouse on the market -LRB- when it 's working ! -RRB- - However , I can not recommend it.I have been using this mouse eight hours a day for 2-3 years as a medical transcriptionist , and unfortunately it has been replaced three times -LRB- for free -RRB- through Kensington 's warranty on account of the left click and/or scroll wheel breaking.The left click button will work fine anywhere between 1-4 months , but then it slowly begins to function incorrectly . For example , I can try highlighting a paragraph from the top left to bottom right while holding the left click button down , and unfortunately the mouse acts as if I have released my finger from the left click button when in actuality I have not . This issue affects any type of clicking and dragging of icons on your desktop , and any event where you are intentionally holding the left click button to move something . Once the problem crops up , it persists and worsens . From there on out , holding the left click button will be interrupted and the mouse will `` drop '' whatever you 're trying to highlight or click & drag EVERY TIME it 's attempted.The other issue I had with this mouse was with the scroll wheel simply deciding not to scroll at all for a minute or two and then it would resume scrolling as usual . This happened repeatedly for about two weeks before I decided the mouse needed replacing.Both of these issues persisted after turning the computer on and off , reinstalling Kensington 's `` TrackBall Works '' for Mac , and before/after upgrading to OS X 10.7 Lion operating system . I also use Windows by way of Parallels and all of these issues persisted in both operating systems.Although Kensington provided great support by replacing this mouse three times for free , it 's time for me to move on and find a mouse that will function correctly long-term . I will be avoiding Kensington products from this point on .
 No Vista 64 support . their website states `` do not install software on vista operating system . '' dont know why that say that . it works fine on vista 32 with the ability to program buttons . 64 bit vista you can use the lower 2 buttons and the scroll wheel . they are too lazy to write the 64 bit drivers . go with logitech trackballs cheaper and work with everything including Ubuntu -LRB- Linux -RRB-
 My Kensington Expert Mouse -LRB- of the previous generation -RRB- finally bit the dust and Kensington was nice enough to give me a replacement - only since they did n't make the Expert Mouse Pro -LRB- 64213 -RRB- anymore , they sent this one , which replaced it . I hate it . It KILLS my hand , which suffers from RSI . I had no problem with the previous version . I blame it on being optical . Sure , less moving parts , but they move so weirdly . No matter what setting I used -LRB- you can change speed , etc. with Kensington 's Mouse Works software -RRB- , it still was like pushing that trackball through molasses . Did n't feel responsive . Plus , they got rid of the extra 6 macro keys that were handy for launching my favorite apps . Still searching for a good trackball that wo n't kill my hands . Now I 'm wary of all `` optical '' ones .
 The mouse was great until I took my Dell laptop out of its docking station -LRB- which of course disconnected it from the Expert Mouse -RRB- . At that point I had no mouse . The Kensington driver had apparently inserted itself in a bad place in the driver stack . To add insult to injury , the mouse was also gone when I returned the system to its docking station . To add further insult , the mouse buttons were not right even after rebooting . I had to navigate with keystrokes to the Control Panel Add/Remove programs to unload the Kensington driver.Too bad . I was hoping that this product would help me with over-use problems in my hands .
 Being a long time trackball user , I know a good trackball when I get ahold of one . The Kensington Expert Mouse is an EXCELLENT trackball , I have been using this for over a year now . Kensington seemed to be the only manufacturer that knows what makes a good trackball , and sticks to the design.As I said , I 've been using it for over a year . The only reason it gets 2 stars is because Kensington has dropped the ball by choosing not to develop Mouseworks software for Windows Vista . They 're website claims that
 The most important aspect of any trackball or mouse is not how nice it looks , how comfortable it is , nor how easy it is to clean as noted in the star rating system here . The only thing that matters is how well does it work , and how dependable is it . I just gave up on my third Expert Mouse in a four year period . Mind you , this trackball comes with a five year warranty , so one would reasonably expect it to function properly for something like five years . I bought my first one through a company other than Amazon , back in 2007 . The trackball worked beautifully at first , but then , less than two years after purchase , it simply stopped working , for no apparent reason . At that time Kensingotn support was , shall we say , less than helpful . They told me that I was using the trackball on a Windows 7 system , and they did not , and had no future plans to provide any support for Windows 7 . Actually , with the release of their most recent drivers , TBW 1.1 beta back in June of this year , they have in fact added support for Windows 7 . I bought my second Expert Mouse here on Amazon in 2009 . Two weeks ago , a year and a half after I bought it , that one again simply stopped responding , again for no apparent reason . The trackball was obviously still under warranty , and this time Kensington sent me a replacement for it . That Expert Mouse was dead on arrival . No red sensors lights , no recognition by Windows that the trackball had been plugged into the USB port , no function whatsoever . I had not yet , at this time installed the TBW 1.1 beta drivers , in fact Kensington specifically said not to install the new beta drivers until after the trackball had been attached . It made no difference , the trackball did nothing . While I had been waiting for the new unit , I had plugged in an old Microsoft Trackball Optical Mouse ; using the same USB port . It worked flawlessly , so this was not an issue with the USB port . I have a friend who switched to a Locitech trackball from the Expert Mouse , for precisely the same reason ; his also stopped working after a very short period of time , for no apparent reason . So based upon my experience , despite the fact that it looks nice , and is comfortable under your hand when using it , my experience is that from a functionality point of view this product is extremely unreliable . That is why I only give it a single star , looks and comfort not withstanding , a $ 100 -LRB- $ 75 here , $ 99 just about everywhere else -RRB- trackball should last more than a year and a half before failing . Companies do not , as a rule , warranty a product for a longer period of time than they expect it to last , so at a minimum one would expect the trackball to work for at lest five years . I have had to go through three of these trackballs in less than four full years . So for me , this device is a waste of money . I will stick with the old Mocrosoft Trackball Optical Mouse for as long as it works , and if and when it becomes necessary to replace it , I will get a Logitech , since Microsoft no longer offers the Optical Mouse , and it can only be purchased through Amazon third-party scalpers who are asking between $ 225.00 and $ 450.00 for what was a $ 60 product . IMHO , the Kensington Expert Mouse is vastly over-priced , and completely unreliable , and I will not waste money on their products again .
 I could not use this for my graphics ... I need precise and the ball did not give me that effect ... its to loose ... it is a very good product for other things ... but not for me
 This mouse is terrible . I bought this when Microsoft discontinued the Trackball Explorer and mine stopped working . First of all , it is not comfortable or cool , its like a cell phone from the 80 's 2 -RRB- programmable buttons is a joke . If you want to program stupid buttons like `` back '' maybe , but if you are a hard core graphics person or a gamer , forget it . You ca n't program `` enter '' as a button , COME ON ??? 3 -RRB- The ball falls out , all the time . You basically need a separate desk for this thing is sit on ... and maybe another hand to use it . 4 -RRB- It is non-responsive , you set the sensitivity , it does n't care , it forgets and does whatever , jumping around , stalling . DO N'T buy this , I will sell you mine for $ 1 or give it to you if you have a Trackball Explorer . BAD BAD BAD 0 stars
 I bought this due to the fact that I am somewhat disabled and thought it might help . My condition makes clicks difficult to control . It is sometimes worse to use . The box came with no software . I tried to find something on line from them but kept saying not recognise device . Any way I am not saying a bad product just my experience was
 This is the second time I have purchased this Item . Used the first one for three years until the cat ate the cord . Purchased this one and it sucks . The track ball just is n't right , its very stiff to roll and jerky . I am currently using the track ball from my old unit which makes the new one fine . Installing the new ball in the old unit , which still works some of the time , I observed that is works a little better in the old unit than it does in the new unit.The features on this unit are awesome and it is very easy to use . Wish they would pay a bit of attention to quality control . They could easily have felt the poor movement if they had tried it .
 Kensington states that Mouseworks software -LRB- the driver for this trackball -RRB- does not work with Intel based MacIntoshes . Elsewhere you will find critiques that say it does n't work with Vista as well . Look at the dates on the other reviews here . One star is generous .
 First of all , the buttons did n't work at all . This is on an XP machine where my other Kensington track ball works fine . But even if the buttons had worked there was no way I could reach the left click button with my thumb with my fingers on the ball . Just not possible and it was n't even close . Disappointed and returning .
 Purchased the Slimblade model and have had no complaints . Purchased this model for a friend and it was nothing but trouble and was returned . Tried to install it on a computer running Windows 7 and first it would not work at all . Windows tried to download the appropriate software and was unable . The trackball works software , located at their homepage , would not download -LRB- error messages such as unable to copy or unable to locate -RRB- hence I was constantly getting multiple error messages , one atop another , and constantly being told to reboot the computer.I 'm not a tech . type , but I went into the program files found the related files and erased them and then tried the process again . No changes . Very frustrating . As mentioned product was returned .
 I have used a Kensington turbo mouse for years , but no more . Kensington has not updated their software to work with Mac OS X 10.7 , and the mouse is worthless without it.In addition , my Expert Mouse came with a very stiff and difficult to use trackball , so even if the software had been usable I would have sent it back .
 Uncomfortable and works poorly on a MAC . Hate to say it , but it is headed to the garbage can . The ball slow to move , the buttons are not intuitive , and the directions poor . For a MAC I would stick to the track pad .
 First thoughts when first plugging in the unit : - Ball does not flow very well-Angle with which I have to control the ball is odd at best , uncomfortable at worst.-Wrist pad was odd to attach-Scroll ring is CHEAP , it really does feel cheap and the movement/interface it provides while useful is not satisfying in the physical sense.-For all those worried , software works fine in 64 bit Windows 7 . Downloaded drivers at
 Even though I saw more than a few negatives in reviews , I thought I would buy the Kensington Expert Trackball for my wife . She has some tendonitis problems and I thought this might be just the ticket . When she decided she did n't like it , I tried it on my computer . Here are our observations : Her pros
 To protect my wrists after decades of keyboarding , I finally gave in a bought a Kensington Expert Mouse trackball with scroll ring and 4 buttons . I figured I could easily configure the upper two buttons for internet forward and back given the vendor 's assurances of total configurabilty.Wish I 'd read the forums instead of the product listing which said this is Vista compatible . IT IS NOT . Though the trackball , scroll ring and two primary buttons work quite well as a regular USB mouse device , the Kensington software installed on Vista will crash if you try to configure the buttons or access any of the advanced functions you pay so much for on this pricey mouse.Short story
 I had one of these two years ago that worked great and is still working . My most recent purchase is okay , except that the scroll ring mechanism is sticky and gets stuck when you try to smoothly scroll . It is annoying . I will be sending it back for repair soon .
 If you clean the lint and lose one of the 3 pin-sized ruby balls , the whole unit must be replaced . Save your receipt as you will need it . Otherwise , the model K64325 works very well .
 A couple of years ago I would have highly recomended this product . Last year I bought a new 64 bit computer with Windows 7 , and the problems have never ended . The software is unstable with Windows 7 . Kensington technical support has gotten to the point of being useless . No fix in sight . Sad .
 I had high hopes for this trackball -LRB- Kensington Expert Mouse -RRB- but alas , I was very unimpressed . Not being compatable with Vista is honestly , unacceptable . Even NewEgg is quick to inform computer folks that Vista will end XP 's life - regardless , and makers of products such as this ought to get onboard . Since there are no Vista drivers available for this and Kensington says , `` Oh ! Base Vista drivers will work fine ! '' which is in itself , is at best , a partial truth , you can only use this trackball in half capacity . The top two buttons can not be macro'ed to perform other functions ; or at least not from a novices standpoint . For some reason Vista reverts back to default pointer speed settings with the Expert plugged in but not any other of my mouse/trackball devices do it . At first , the device fits strangly in your hand but you get used to it . But I have to be honest , my Logitech marble mouse is much more universal and comfortable . A key point to remember is Bill was n't and is n't a huge fan of trackballs so chances are PC users wo n't find Window 's OS 's to be very understanding of them . Therefore trackball makers need to offer some drivers/software ... i.e. logitech does ... hint , hint Kensington . Thier customer service was great however and responded with in 3 hours to tell me , `` Nope ! No drivers . Sorry about that . '' So recap
 I wanted a trackball to ease the pain in my wrist from mousing and remembered the excellent Kensington Expert Mouse that I used to use with my PowerMac 7500 years ago . That was a fantastic mouse . I had read the reviews here for and against this model and thought I would purchase it despite the preponderance of negative reviews.I wish I had paid attention to the negative reviews ... this Expert Mouse works nowhere near as well as the old one . The build quality is cheap , there is no way this is a good value at $ 85 anymore . I would say a fair price would be about $ 35 . The old Expert Mouse had sealed ball bearings , this one has tiny glass beads that do n't rotate and collect goop causing the ball to move as if it 's in butter . I have tried cleaning the tiny beads with intermittent success . There is a scroll wheel that when moved sounds as if it 's sliding over sand , and the buttons make a tremendous amount of noise.Kensington 's software for Mac OS X is remedial . You will have to buy a shareware program to use all of the mouses buttons , etc. . Figure that will cost another $ 20 . I remember the old Expert Mouse , when I gave the ball a spin it would spin and the more it was used the better the ball spun , this one is nothing like that because the sealed ball bearings have been dropped from the design . That is the major flaw.I am sorry to say that I recommend against this mouse and I am on the hunt for another . If I could have seen it in a store first I would have never purchased it .
 Let me start by saying that I have an RSI in my right hand that makes using mice very difficult . I currently use a Logitech Marble Mouse , and I am looking for an alternative trackball to use for 3D Modeling and digital illustration that I can use comfortably , that has a built-in scrolling function.For the amount of money you pay for this item , I expected it to be a higher quality , better designed trackball than average . I was pretty disappointed.The very steep angle that the trackball base rests at is misery for someone with an RSI . I had to use the wrist rest , as well as use a thick book to `` level '' the trackball out before I could even start testing it out.For someone like me who has never used a Kensington , the button layout is awkward and over time , painful . Using the trackball one-handed , I could only use one of the four buttons comfortably ; using any of the other three buttons required that I lift and twist my hand in one way or another in order to use them . In the span of a few hours of using my 3D Modeling software , my hand was in too much pain for me to continue.The most disappointing part is the Scroll Ring . I could n't believe how cheap , flimsy , and poorly responsive this ring is . Sometimes it would scroll , sometimes it would n't , and sometimes it 'd scroll by four or five lines just from touching it . And I 'm not talking about twirling the ring in orbit around the trackball . I mean just simple line-by-line scrolling in a basic webpage . I ca n't imagine how garbage like this made it into the final design , and someone at Kensington HQ ought to be embarrassed by it.I will say that I was impressed by how nice it is to use two-handed , save for that `` award winning Scroll Ring '' . When placed directly in front of you and used two handed , you can reach any of the four buttons you want at any time with one hand , while simultaneously using the ball with the other . The trackball is nearly frictionless , and very comfortable to use even with the RSI . The problem is that for the kinds of software I use , I have to have one hand on the trackball and buttons , and the other hand on the keyboard using modifier and shortcut keys . Two-handed operation just is n't an option , comfortable as it may be.Had this cost about a third as much as I paid for it , I would have probably overlooked the shoddy Scroll Ring , and kept it to use two-handed on my other computer . As it stands , what this ends up being is an expensive mouse alternative that is actually less useful and more painful for me to use than a standard mouse . Hopefully when Kensington goes back to the drawing board , they 'll flatten that angle , get a Scroll Ring that is n't garbage , and maybe consider an alternate button layout .
 Great Trackball , poor design . Using the Trackball makes you bend your wrist backward too much . The top of the ball is quite a ways above the table making it awkward to use . The Trackball system is excellent . The pad supplied does not raise the wrist anywhere near the right height to use this comfortably . You need almost a 2 inch thick pad . You could raise the area in front of the Trackball a couple of inches , but the unit is expensive and that should n't be needed .
 I bought this mouse because I have had excellent experiences with Kensington Trackballs in the past , and the large ball was appealing in that it seemed like it would be comfortable for me . -LRB- I have sort of large hands -RRB- Sadly I was really disappointed in this product 's performance . Granted , getting used to a trackball after not having used one for quite some time is a bit of an awkward time ... it 's hard to get used to your learned hand movements . The angle of this trackball 's base , however is pretty steep ... even with the provided wrist rest for cushioning , I found that after a short while I was suffering from horrible , shooting pain in my wrist . Having not ever had these problems before I went back to a regular mouse and all was well . It 's a shame , because it is an attractive design and pretty sturdy . But in it 's sturdyness I think this mouse is a bit clunky almost . I found myself clicking the buttons accidentally just trying to get comfortable.As for precision , forget it . No matter what speed I set this to , it was all over the place . Making a path in Photoshop became quite a chore ... almost to the point where I found myself switching back to the old mouse I had upgraded from just to get work done.I would n't recommend this for a graphics professional or anyone who spends an extended period of time at the computer . For such an expensive trackball , I was really hoping this would have been a lot better .
 I purchased this trackball for my wife for use with her laptop computer - which she uses around the house . This was to replace the standard mouse attached to her docking station . I ran into a variety of problems trying to get the driver to work w / standby mode on the laptop . It seems everything works fine when the laptop is booted clean with the trackball attached . However , when put into standby and resumed , the mouse driver gets the button mappings all confused unless you leave them at the standard settings . While the built-in touchpad on the laptop works after a reboot , putting the laptop into standby and resuming with the trackball disconnected leaves the touchpad useless.Finally , the button mapping in the driver remaps the touchpad buttons on the laptop as well - making it difficult to move back and forth if you so desire.I tried to get support from Kensington via their website on this issue - however I received no response.I also agree with the other scroll ring comments . Not a home run , maybe not even a single . While innovative , the ring is difficult to turn without also moving the ball unless you position your hand in a position which can not be good for those trying to avoid repetitive motion injuries ...
 Having gotten used to trackballs and not being able to stand using mice anymore , I needed another for a new computer . When this arrived , the family was leary , as it does not feel comfortable to the wrist/arm . I did like the large ball , however , so decided to give it a try . The little wrist pad that comes with it broke right away . We put it on and did n't like it , and the little tab broke upon trying to remove it . It 's still usable , just does not `` connect . '' Anyway , for a few days , the trackball seemed okay . I tried various things to try to get comfortable , including putting the wristpad under it backwards and adding some foam to it -LRB- which was the best of all the things I tried -RRB- . Finally I decided I could live with it , but did n't like the button set-up -LRB- do n't like my pinky doing the right-clicking -RRB- , so decided to download the software -LRB- none came with it -RRB- to customize the buttons . I did that last night and it seemed to be doing okay . Today , however , the buttons do n't work as they should , even after `` uncustomizing '' them and trying to get them back the way they were . Now I 'm lucky if I can get it to right-click , and sometimes the left-click button does n't work either . The other two buttons do n't seem to work at all anymore . I also can not get the software un-installed , after trying numerous times . So I suspect a major flaw with the software . Anyway , this thing is going back . I 'd fed up with it . I hope Kensington can figure out a way to get this software off of my computer .
 I bought the expert mouse after reading several reviews . My main concern was being able to program the extra two buttons . I was very happy to see the post that Kensington had Vista drivers for this device on their website . This is not the case . the latest driver on the website is from 2006 and does not support Vista . The box the device arrived in specifically said 100 % Vista compatible . I called customer support and they told me that the device was Vista compatible but they were still working on Vista compatible software , which would be available in June . Seems like it would be a nice product , but I am not happy with Kensington 's marketing which I feel is dishonest . If the device is 100 % Vista compatible all features of the device should work , including the ability to reprogram buttons .
 I ordered both theKensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC or Mac 64325andKensington K72337US Orbit Trackball with Scroll Ring for PC or Macand I will shortly be returning the expert mouse . I have trouble with my wrists and thought a trackball might help to alleviate some of the computer stress I get from working all day . The Orbit Trackball is shaped perfectly and keeps your wrist in a nice neutral position . I like its ambidextrous design so I can easily switch between my hands . While the trackball on the Orbit was sticky at first , there is no need to grease it as some of the previous reviewers suggest . I used it for about 15 minutes and now it moves quite freely.My complaint about the expert mouse is that it puts your hand in a really awkward position . After a day of use I felt like I had been using a regular mouse for a few days . I would definitely go with the cheaper option here , this mouse is terrible on your wrists !
 I had an issue with a chipped control ball , which renders the trackball useless . It took some correspondence , but eventually they decided to send me a replacement , free of charge . It has been 6 weeks and the control ball has not arrived . I think I was lied to again.I have used one of these for years , and was very satisfied with the performance . However , with no support , and their decision to weasel out of the warranty , I would not recommend any Kensington products to anyone .
 My mistake in assuming they would be up to date with their drivers.From their own website : Is Kensington planning to release Mouseworks software compatible with Microsoft Vista or Windows 7 ? AnswerThere are no plans to do so at this time . It is important to know that you should not install Mouseworks on any PC running Microsoft Windows Vista or Windows 7 . Mouseworks was exclusively developed to run under Windows XP and earlier versions of Windows . The Control Panel for Vista and Windows 7 does incorporate some options for input device configuration such as pointer speed adjustment , scrolling speed , and left/right button switch , however Mouseworks functionality such as button programming , fine tuning of acceleration et cetera are not supported .
 I got really excited about the four button feature but it does not work on vista . I can see that angle of the hand would have given me problems too .
 Let me begin by saying that if this product cost $ 20 I would give it one more star . The price at $ 80 is outrageous for a product that has software that has n't been updated since 2006 -LRB- and that 's from the Kensington website -RRB- . Mouseworks will not work with Vista so do n't try it unless you check on their website for an updated version of the program . The mouse works without it but you wo n't be able to program the buttons.The ball is at an odd angle where my hand is constantly strained even with the wrist support.The entire mouse looks outdated , clunky and cheap in my humble opinion . It looks like a mouse you would use with Windows 98 back when it was a new OS . The fact that Kensington does n't bother updating the product driver and software makes me think it 's a rip off to ask for such a high price . I returned it and will try theLogitech Trackman Wheel Optical -LRB- Silver -RRB-
 I have been using Kensington trackballs going back to the early 90 's . The quality and workmanship has always been outstanding . I just received the USB trackball and it does NOT and is NOT made to run on MS Vista . The web site has some song and dance that it does and shame on their management for posting that it does . The shipping box and appliction CD does not have the MS Vista compatiblity LOGO . The application program that maps the buttons and allows full functionally was written for Windows 2000/XP . When loaded it is not reconized as a Kensington Trackball and only partial use of the feature set are usable .
 I know many on here love this trackball , so please do n't flame me . I bought this today and set it up . I was shocked at the flimsy , cheapy feel of the scroll ring , and of the motion of the trackball itself . I was not at all impressed , for 100 bucks . I 'm returning it .
 I do n't know what happened to Kensington - been using their trackballs for years - now the i have lion i 'm stuck with this poorly made and badly operating piece of junk
 The `` Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC or Mac 64325 '' did n't work for me . I wanted to upgrade from my trusty old trackball to one with a scroll wheel . The first Kensington trackball I received was defective ; the scroll ring travelled very roughly , like there was sand in the bearings . After a call to Kensington customer support , where the support rep confirmed that the device should n't act like that , I returned it to Amazon and received a new one . Unfortunately , this device really did n't act much better . The scroll ring still operated quite roughly . But most of all , I found the action of operating the scroll ring very counter-intuitive and awkward . The near-horizontal rotating motion of the scroll wheel became painful for my wrist . I had to return the device .
 The requirements say
 This is my third Kensington trackball in the last 15 yrs.It 's the worst one too . Kensington also does n't support MouseWorks for the Mac anymore and no plans to update it for Leopard . I did n't try to install it . The lower buttons work right as a normal click and right click . The upper left button does something odd with the scrolling that I find irritating . The upper right button ... well I do n't know what it does.The scroll ring is very nice and it 's nice not to have to clean the rollers of the old trackballs -LRB- this one uses the red IR LEDs like modern optical mice do -RRB- . Beyond those two points , there 's nothing nice to say here -- If you 're buying this expecting 1980s/1990s `` TurboMouse '' quality , you 'll be disappointed.But if you 're like me and need some varied input devices to keep your hands from aching with RSI from a single type of input device , this might be an OK purchase . Otherwise , you 'll probably wind up returning it .
 I have owned this trackball for almost a year now and love it so much that I have carried it with me on all my trips instead of bringing along a mini-mouse like many do.Love it as I may , I have found a problem with this trackball that is very disturbing : When the Kensington Trackball is used with a Dell Latitude D610 , you can no longer allow the laptop to go into standby mode , because when it comes out of standby mode , the laptop 's mouse stick and touch pad are ill-configured and not just unusable but downright troublesome . Accidentally touching the mousestick may cause some windows to close or minimize and or other seemingly random behaviour.After an interchange with Kensington Technical Support , I was told that this is due to a device driver conflict , that it is a known issue , and that there is no immediate plan to fix this.I am not sure to what extent this problem is present in other laptops or even other Dell laptops , but if your main computer is a laptop , I would email Kensington tech support first to see if you will have this problem . It is * very * frustrating to have a laptop computer that you can not put into standby mode . : - -LRB-
 While this is a great device , and probably the only one of its kind in the marketplace , if you run Mac OSX Mountain Lion I would avoid it . The software will not run on startup and that forces you to go into the System Preferences and start it EVERY TIME you start the computer . Without the driver running you are stuck with a device that is little better than a Magic Mouse . This is absurd and has been going on for YEARS , with no update in sight .
 After trying every possible setting to make the trackball pointer more accurate I finally packed it away yesterday . It was just too difficult to easily place my pointer on the exact spot that I needed without wabbling back and forth to finally get it . I think it 's because the roller does n't roll as smoothly as they used to . It kind of `` skips '' ever so slightly . The old model # 61243 moved way smoother but it is no longer available .
 As a longtime trackball user -LRB- with one of my favorites being an older model of the Kensington Expert mouse -RRB- I was very excited about this one . The features were outstanding , the trackball movement and precision flawless , and the scroll ring was very useful . However , the trackball housing itself is constructed on a very steep incline . Even with the wrist pad that 's included , it put my fingers in a big strain to operate the ball -LRB- I have average sized hands -RRB- . It 's tilted up , so that you have to reach up and out to use the ball . This puts strain on the tendons of your whole hand , and also presses the nerve cluster at the base of your hand against the pad or table . After using it for about a week , my hand was in agony.Earlier Kensington Expert Mice were almost flat , and were very comfortable . It 's baffling to me why they made this change in the design.Kensington did take this mouse back for a refund even though I had used it for a week -LRB- all I could stand -RRB- . It may be that this unit is comfortable for someone with very large hands . I 've gone back to my Logitech Marble Mouse , regretfully -- if not for the incline , the Kensington would have truly been the perfect trackball .
 I thought this was going to be the perfect input device . After all it looks like the old Turbo Mouse -LRB- v. 4 & 5 -RRB- and it does have that ingenious scroll ring . But after a few hours I packed it up and returned it.While it does look right , it does n't feel right . The old Expert and Turbo mice had a steel ball bearing movement that felt great
 I bought this product because I was suffering from repetitive stress injuries from using a mouse . Initially , I was ecstatic with this trackball . The interface is slick , the ball works well , and the scroll wheel worked superbly . But about 6 months into ownership , the scroll wheel stopped working . I contacted Kensington and they sent me a replacement for free . I figured it was just a freak incident . I was so pleased with this $ 99 trackball that I bought a second one for my work computer . Six months after purchasing that one , the scroll wheel died . I asked for another replacement and they sent one for my work computer . It 's now about 6 months later and , surprise , surprise , the track wheels have both died again . I 'll probably contact Kensington again and hope they 'll send new replacements . But I 'm definitely not going to recommend this product to anyone else . If the scroll wheel held up , I definitely would as everything else about it is great . But there is something wrong with the design of the scroll wheel . If that 's an important feature to you , just be prepared to replace this every 6 months . I ca n't believe this is just a fluke when 4/4 have had the same problem .
 I had a Kensington Expert Mouse many years ago , and loved it . When I needed a new mouse this week , I ordered another one , and it is a COMPLETE DISAPPOINTMENT.First , the software and drivers that come with it are from 2001-2003 . And it does n't work on Vista - there is NO Kensington driver available for this mouse for 64-bit operating systems -LRB- Vista & Windows 7 -RRB- . UNBELIEVABLE . Other websites/forms recommend using a Microsoft trackball driver , but you ca n't program the buttons . What good is this mouse without programmable buttons?The tracking ring sounds like there is sand in it , and when scrolling up , sometimes it does n't work . You move the ring , but the window just stops scrolling - then abruptly starts again sometime later . Insane.And , like others , I found the slope of the top of the device to be too steep for comfortable use , even with the included wrist pad . My old Kensington Expert Mouse had a flat top , which kept the wrist flat . The whole point of trackballs is to * decrease * wrist tension , not increase it , yet this mouse does.I 'm returning this mouse and ordering a Logitech Cordless Optical Trackman , which was my second choice . At least it should have a Vista driver ! -LRB- Now I understand why I could n't find this mouse at Office Depot or Best Buy . They probably dropped it because of the high rate of returns . -RRB-
 Put it simply , the developers at Kensington have not made mouseworks software for anything other than Windows XP for PC . They have no plans to release it for Windows Vista , Windows 7 or for Linux.Quite ridiculous seeing as how these trackballs are marketed for PC and Mac , not to mention how pricey they are.Only two buttons will work , in which case do n't bother with this or other Kensington trackballs.This company does not support its products and does n't plan to .
 this does not have the Vista Compatable logo , and is not recognized by the operating system . It appears none of the Kensington trackballs are.The Kensington software does not run on Vista , the Kensington website indicates the Mouseworks software is no longer needed because of Vista.However , this mouse is not recognized . So , if you are a Vista user , stay away .
 I had just bought the Kensington Expert Mouse . My first impressions were that it was huge and bulky , but since others gave it good reviews , I decided to buy it . The unit is flimsy and feels very cheap . The ball sticks -LRB- not high resistance , it sticks -RRB- . The scroll wheel also needs much improvement ; I can hear it grind when using it and the resulting scroll is very jumpy . Also , you have to push the buttons much past the point where it `` clicks '' in order for it to register the click . I would not recommend this product for others .
 I bought this mouse with high hope as I played with an older Kensington big trackball mouse several years ago . This mouse , in contrast , is much lighter . The ball has good weight , but the body feel very light and flimsy . The worst part is the feel of the scroll ring . It is not smooth . You hear it and feel the friction as you move the ring . The wrist rest is comfortable though.Overall , it 's a workable mouse . But it can not justify the price . I am not sure where you can find the older Kenginston mouse which felt more substantial .
 I have used Kensington trackballs for almost two decades . They 've always had great hardware but questionable software . Every time I 've moved up operating systems or bought a new device , it 's been a struggle to get it working on the machine . However , last year I found that my ExpertMouse would n't work on my job 's W7 laptop . Kensington would n't help , so it never worked , but I kept using the device at home . Last month , I bought a new home computer , also W7.I had the same problem on it as on the work computer
 After having used a mouse for hours a day for 10 + years , a bit of RSI/carpel tunnel -LRB- I do n't know which -RRB- had started to kick in . So I tried several other mice , and finally switched to a Logitech trackball -LRB- Trackman Wheel Optical -RRB- and that helped to reduce some of the stiffness and pain I was feeling , but it did not eliminate it . Plus , the vein just to the left of my thumb has enlarged significantly , probably due to all the thumb movement from moving the trackball around . So , I once again went looking for alternatives.I had been waiting to get one of these Kensington trackballs for awhile , but their software -LRB- Mouseworks -RRB- was not fully compatible with Vista or Win7 64-bit . So when I heard that they had released new software -LRB- Trackballworks -RRB- for 64-bit , I went ahead and pulled the trigger . I had a chance to try out both Mouseworks and Trackball works , and am sad to report that , although the Trackball works supports customizing all buttons -LRB- as of May/June 2010 -RRB- , it 's not quite as feature-rich as the older Mouseworks software . -LRB- For example , you can no longer customize the buttons on a per-app basis , though they may add this capability back in at a future date . -RRB- However , for those who know what AutoHotkey is , this is n't a huge problem , but does require you to get your hands a bit dirty with some scripting.But the real question is , how does it feel ? The ball comes out spinning kind of rough out of the box , but if you 've read many reviews of this trackball , you 'll know that the ` oils ' on your fingers will smooth it out pretty quickly , and that 's what happened with mine . However , I found the unit to be too big , as my hand has to do gymnastics to be able to use the ball and hit all the buttons , and it basically transferred the pain from my hand to my wrist . -LRB- Trying with and without the included wrist rest did n't make much difference . -RRB- I tried changing which buttons did what , but it did n't really help . Plus , it was taking me twice as long as with my Logitech trackball to do complex operations , such as selecting text while using the scroll ring to scroll the page . And trying to speed things up would put too much strain on my hand.However , other folks would tell you that this trackball -LRB- and it 's cousin , the Slimblade -RRB- is like the second coming , thus it 's really hard to gauge how the unit will fit in your hand , because hands come in different sizes , and these things are very subjective . -LRB- My hands are of average size for a male -RRB- . What feels great to one person will be very uncomfortable to another . The best advice I can give you is to try to find one locally and see how it feels in your hand . Barring that , I suppose you could always order one and return it if it does n't feel ` right ' to you.In the meantime , I am going back to my Logitech trackball , and maybe find another mouse or trackball that I can switch out every few hours . Unless somebody has any better ideas ? -LRB- I make a living on my PC , so ` just using the computer less ' is n't really an option , unless I do n't want to eat . -RRB-
 I purchased this product as a gift for my wife.The Expert Mouse does not have drivers for Windows 7 and a search of their web site for EXPERT gets 0 results . I called Kensington and learned that drivers do not exist.Without proper drivers the scroll ring and half of the buttons are useless . Some of the functions that do work under Windows 7 produce erratic and jumpy movement.I have track balls from other vendors -LRB- with Win 7 drivers -RRB- and compared to them the Kensington requires a very firm push on the ball . The size and weight of the Kensington ball should produce an easier touch and glide instead of a mouse like push and stop.The retail price of $ 99.99 for this product should provide drivers for Windows 7 -LRB- Kensington and Amazon should have posted a notice in their advertising that Windows 7 is not supported -RRB- . I 'm disappointed that Kensington support had no remedy , that I have wasted my time and Amazon has to pass on extra expenses to it 's customers because of my return.Several fine trackballs exist that will work with windows 7 . The Expert Mouse is n't one of them .
 Basically this item comes down to the money to build ratio . For the steep price tag , you would expect the item to feel durable , smooth , comfortable , etc. . . But really what you get is an awkward , rough , flimsy item.I have had the Logitech Marble Mouse for quite some time and love it -LRB- although I would like a scroll wheel - hence why I got this guy -RRB- . I am going back to the marble mouse , because this trackball after two weeks has just been awful . I figured it might just need an adjustment , but it really is not a quality item -LRB- ESPECIALLY FOR THE PRICE TAG -RRB- . The feel is awkwardly uncomfortable and it lacks vista + drivers -LRB- as many have noted -RRB- . Other than swapping left-click/right-clicks , you are stuck with the defaults of `` middle mouse '' and `` back '' . The scroll wheel gets in the way here as you move the ball around - it gets rotated pretty easily . Also , the wheel is not a smooth glide or even slightly rough - it really does feel like you 're damaging it during use.Save the money and annoyance and get the Logitech Marble Mouse , they are getting rarer -LRB- as trackball users are few -RRB- - but they are great . Vista + drivers , four button customizable , and if you want scrolling - you can customize a button to initial the scroll . Spend the extra 30 + bucks on some new ram -LSB- well , until prices started rocketing -RSB- .
 It 's too bad ... Kensington 's previous `` Turbo Mouse '' -LRB- the grey one with the old Mac plug -RRB- was built like a tank , and drove like a Cadillac . When I bought the new one , I got a refurbished unit , trying to save some money . Thinking it was broken or completely worn out , I returned it immediately and purchased a new one from Amazon . Upon receiving it I realized that the previous Turbo Mouse was not worn out!Here 's what works , and what does n't
 I loved the kensington track ball mouse . BUT , the new models do n't allow the ball to `` snap '' in.Anyone with kids will know what a design flaw that is.Or using a laptop . Now you will need to concern yourself on where to store the ball in transit.The support person was heavily accented which in itself is not that big of a deal , But she knew nothing about the products she ` supports '' . Just my opinion for what it 's worth .
 I thought a trackball would be good for my RSI pains , but the steep incline of the trackball only made things worse . The included wrist pad was n't any help either ... It 's probably worth trying , but be ready to send it back . .
 This is my second attempt to replace my old , worn out Microsoft Trackball Explorer 1.0 . I first bought a Logitech M570 with the trackball under the thumb . That was a horrible mistake after years of using my middle fingers to move the trackball around . I could not establish any rapport between my thumb and the ball . The cursor just flew around with a mind of its own . So I bought this Kensington product paying Amazon 's price . I am back to a usable trackball under my middle fingers again but with an absolutely stupid idea for scrowlling ... a ring around a ball ? Give me a break . I downloaded the so-called `` trackballworks '' software from Kensington and can assure you all , that it provides not one scintilla of support for controlling the ridiculous `` ring around the ball scrolling device . '' What scrolling you get if/when the page starts to move is always herky-jerky , not at all smooth where your eye can follow the up/down movement . I think I 'll try to re-clean my old MTE and give it one more chance . Fifteen minutes later , I re-installed my old Microsoft Trackball Mouse which initiated a download and installation of the latest Intellipoint software and what do you know , I believe that fixed it !
 The ExpertMouse has been a great product for many years . Unfortunately , contrary to the Kensington website and even the information on the ExpertMouse package , it does not work properly with Windows Vista systems . Kensington MouseWorks software does not work properly with Windows Vista , and according to Kensington Tech Support , they will not be making it work with Vista . This means that all those extra buttons will not work . Kensington has refused to resolve this issue . If you have a Vista computer , this trackball is a rip off .
 I bought this and it did n't fit around the nano at all . I was very dissapointed as it is a nice product .
 I just want potential buyers to know that the email and phone contacts listed within the warranty and on their website are invalid and I can find no other way to contact customer service to replace the mouse that broke within a month of purchase . It is supposed to be covered under warranty , but I guess not . What a scam ! So buy this product and other products from this company with caution !
 I have other FRS radios , and I though this would be good for the kids to wear to keep track of them . When someone talks on the unit , the words are totally garbled on the other end . Pretty much useless . J&R does not pay for shipping , so $ $ on the way back and $ $ for a replacement is not worth it . It 's possible I got a bad unit , but I 'm not investing anymore of my time , except to finish this review .
 this review refers to the 80GB drive ... I transferred all my mp3 , photos , video and photoshop files to this drive which `` stopped responding '' about 4 weeks after installation . According to BUSLINK customer service
 I turned this unit on once a month to back up my files . It ended up dying on me after two years . Would never buy another BUSLink hard drive again .
 I used this product few years ago to stream music from iPod 4th gen. It worked well for sometime but started giving trouble after few months .1 . Everytime i have to go through hard way of establishing a connection with the base station . I have to keep pressing the connect button several times by keeping the iPod attached with the sending device .2 . the iPod connector was made up of poor plastic and design . The start button was stuck up inside after few months and I was never able to stop the device again unless i put some small pin to push it up.Overall , cheap product . Do n't waste your money.I was never been a happy customer with Logitech products . I also purchased thier universal remote and it stopped working after sometime.Logitech , a very less reliable brand ! stay away from thier products .
 I am returning it . The bluetooth signal keeps fading in and out every 45 seconds or so . When it worked , it was great , but not a single song went by without the dead air problem for 3-4 seconds then it would reconnect and start playing again . I contacted Logitech customer support and they sent me an email 3 days later with suggetions about a completely different product . Then I called long distance to them and stayed on hold for 14 minutes only to be told that it sounded like it was defective and I should return it . Not very satisfying customer service experience ; I had high hopes for this product ; I may order another one later and see if my luck is any better then .
 I have had this drive for couple of years . It is very unpredictbale with windows xp . . doesnt get recognized . I 'm getting frustrated now . Probably there was a windows update that broke windows 1.1 usb driver . . Beware . . all the windows xp users out there . .
 This drive has terrible problems installing and running in a windows 2000 environment . The company offers little to no support . The product worked for a while in a stable production environment , then one day it started blue screening the computer , and it has not worked since , in its original system , or three others wher installation was attempted . It may be that a recent MS windows update broke the USB 1.1 drivers , but right now the drivers are continously being recognized improperly as a scsi device .
 This heatsink will not fit any regular consumer mainboards and from what I could find was made for a few select Tyan mainboards that do not have any capacitors around the 775 socket . It will fit your mainboard only if any of the components around the socket are flush with the socket -LRB- 1-3mm -RRB- like surface mount . I was only able to find Tyan 775 mainboards that were like this that this heatsink would fit on . So if your thinking about building a 1U rackmount with a regular mainboard then forget about wedging this heatsink in . It will rest on top of your capacitors and will not make contact or proper contact with the CPU . Thermaltake website lack any motherboard compatibility lists so BUYER BEWARE .
 Mouse worked great and then stopped working after a month . It only cost 10.00 so no big deal but disappointing nonetheless .
 This mouse only lasted a week then the ball got stuck . . definitely do n't like it . It is supposed to made for kids but it needs to be more durable .
 4 some reason , my computer does n't realise there 's the mouse connected . . i have to disconect and reconnect evrtine i start my computer . . donno if it 's my computer or the mouse
 Several people have been receiving a 7300LE card instead of the advertised 7600GT . The 7600GT is a good card but the 7300LE does not compare to it for gaming . Check with the vendor and have them verify if they even list this model in there inventory before ordering . Amazon listed PCUniverse and RitzCamera as the seller but they only carried the 7300LE for the price listed .
 Like the others have said , it is the wrong card . Ritz will not take responsibility for the mistake , but were kind enough to give me the option to buy the 7900GT at $ 240 while I go through the RMA process for the 7300LE . If it is to good to be true , then it is probably not true !
 The same thing happened to me , I ordered 2 of what I thought were 7600GT & received 2 7300LE . I 'm still waiting for the RMA to return them & no word yet if I will have to pay the s & H back to PC universe just to get a refund on my CC . All I received back was that it was a mapping error , well this was several days ago & they still have it listed as a 7600GT , it may be the ole bait & switch routine ...
 same as all the other order Geforce nx 7600gt and they are tryng to send geforce 7300le it not near the same card . will never buy from Riztz !!!
 Due to a snafu between the vendor and Amazon , I have yet to receive my product . As soon as I get it , I 'll revise my review .
 Skybox and Amazon showed item in stock . Never was in stock at the price offering . Made me wait 5 days before they cancelled order . Gave them one star but would have given less .
 i ordered an GeForce NX 7600GT 256MB PCI-Express , but got an GeForce NX 7300LE 128MB PCI-Express . If it was n't for the price and the fact that i received it in the middle of moving , then i would have sent it back . I have not contacted the seller , i do n't plan on buying anything else from them in the future .
 I bought this battery earlier in the month as a backup . I placed in my Q to charge and got the big red `` x '' other 's have written in their reviews since my purchase regarding this battery . I took it out of the phone and put the original in and turned the phone on as usual . The screen image jumped around a bit and froze . All I could think was that I ruined my Q over a cheap battery . Upon reboot , everything has worked fine since that first boot , but I learned my lesson.So it was cheap , I thought I 'd just toss it in the recycle bin rather than throw good money after bad by investing in return postage , but I received an email from eforcity asking me if I was satisfied with my purchase . I responded to the email that I was not satisfied and described the situation above . Its been almost a week now and I 've not heard from them . I can only assume that the customer service email was disingenuous and that they really have no desire to provide customer service or satisfaction on their products . Another lesson learned , I 'll not buy from this seller again.I would not waste your money on this product . Buy the original equipment for a few bucks more .
 This would be the perfect case for my Palm - if one small design flaw did n't make it worthless . It has an opening for all the ports , including a little window for the camera that opens and closes . Problem is when you open it , you ca n't hold it with your left hand . I had to return mine . If they come out with a version for right handed people , I 'd get it in a second.As it is , I can only recommend this product for left handed people .
 The PalmOne Zire 72 Hard Case is an excellent product - it provides excellent protection for my Palm Pilot , is easy to open and has a nifty sliding `` door '' in the back that enables me to use the camera without removing the Palm Pilot from the case !
 Pros : * Hard , attractive , affordableCons : * Bigger than the Rhinoskin case for my Zire 71 -LRB- even though the 72 is smaller -RRB- * Voice memo button covered * Awkward hinging for us right-handed folks -- hard to open and hold when using right hand to writeI 'm returning mine and going back to a Rhinoskin .
 The good thing about this hard case is that it 'll protect the handheld . Those who are left-handed will have no problems , but us right-handed will find it very unconfortable . Since it does not fully open , -LRB- the picture above that displays as open as it can be -RRB- the case will be in your way to hold it . An other thing that I did n't like was that in order to retrive the expansion cards held in the hard case , you have to take off first the handled in order to be able to get the cards.I would n't recommend this hard case if you are right handed
 I was very eager to get this case for my new Zire 72 . It 's certainly a beautiful case , but not very functional . The front cover does n't flip all the way under , so that if you 're holding it with your left hand , it 's difficult to reach the control buttons with your left thumb , as you should be able to . You can not access the voice recorder button or the slots for the expansion cards unless you remove your zire from the case . Also , the top and bottom are completely open , which provides ready access to the slots , etc , however it does nothing to protect my zire from debris , etc , from the bottom of my purse . Also , the cradle impedes my access to the stylus slightly.I do like the sliding window in the back that opens so that I can take pictures and video , though .
 Beware . Even if you type in Cat6 plenum in the amazon search engine and even though this seller states on the product description that the cable is plenum it is not . It is manufactured by Monoprice product ID
 I got this USB 2.0 card and tried with my card reader and mp3 player . It sees the drives but as soon as you want to copy file to the drive it gives write delay error and corrupt your storage device . I had to format my mp3 player and lost my data . It does not matter whether you do it with powered or not , the result is same . I would say stay away from this junk
 I have a hp portable bought in the spring of 2002 with a 1.3 ghz processor and a 30 gig hard drive that came with xp.I bought the 4-port usb adapter expecting the extra ports to be a tight fit.It turns out the lid -LRB- which is wider than the main body -RRB- hits the top of the connectors on the card . To close the lid the card has to be pulled out.The CD that came with the package to install the drivers did n't work . It tried to install , but gave a message that the install failed.According to the directions , you need to get SP1 -LRB- or maybe its driver -RRB- . The directions also suggest getting the latest drivers from the buslink web site . I did and that driver installed just fine.I have only tried a couple of devices -LRB- a 1 gig lexor media which loaded 900 megabytes in 3 minutes . And a WD 120 gig usb harddrive which I looked at some pictures . -RRB- Neither device required adding drivers .
 I bought this battery for my old laptop . The battery failed after a few months and when I email the seller there was no response . Luckly I wrote Amazon and they agreed to credit me for the purchase price . I would not buy anything from this seller . What good is a warantee when they ignore you if the product fails .
 I have a problem to connect 1 Terabyte External hard drive to this USB 2.0 PCI Card . It does not recognize it . It could find it once or two and shows as an external drive , but mostly it says , when trying to reconnect external hd , that one of the USB ports is malfunction . This is cheap and weak device .
 Do not buy a Buslink product unless you know you will never need customer support . They do not return e-mail , they have internimable phone hold times and they are unfeeling , unhelpful and cold in their enforcement of the letter of the law . Choose another company !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Do not buy a Buslink product unless you know you will never need customer support . They do not return e-mail , they have internimable phone hold times and they are unfeeling , unhelpful and cold in their enforcement of the letter of the law . Choose another company !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PS I told them I was going to post my feelings all over the internet and they still did n't care .
 Purchased one of these with my iPod a few months back . When using it in my car with an electronic tuner and fairly good sound system , the sound was not clear on any frequency chosen on the device . I also experienced frequent crosstalk from neighboring radio stations . While the interference might be a San Francisco thing , the sound quality was always quite poor compared to the standard sony cassette adapter I replaced it with . If you have a tape deck , trust me , the tape adapter is the way to go .
 Where I live , radio stations use every single available frequency . That means , there is no spot on the radio dial that is free for a device such as this . It might work if you live in a rural area without a lot of radio coverage.I want to use my iPOD in the car , but I do n't have a cassette player in the car . When is someone going to come out with a CD-adapter ?
 I 've been through 3 - each broke w/in the warranty period -LRB- except the last one ... so now I 'm stuck with it -RRB- . I may disassemble it and make my own housing . Piece of junk - not even a good purchase for the curious .
 It works but the output power is n't high enough to really useful especially if you live in an area where there are lots of radio stations.If you move more than 10-15 ft away from the FM receiver , you will start to get static along with the signal . Alternate solutions to consider are the 900Mhz devices that include a transmitter and receiver . But of course those devices generally cost more .
 This device has a very sensitive on/off switch on the top . Just accidentaly bumping the device will turn it on and drain the batteries . You ca n't safely carry it in a bag or briefcase because of this defect , unless you always remove the batteries . Terrible design . And sound is poor from interference . Low volume . I had to crank the stereo up to max volume to hear my source music .
 I have used the IRock in Los Angeles and I have to say that it performed very poorly . The four FM channels it broadcasts over are susceptible to cross interference by other channels . I had to switch between the four available channels every 30 minutes or so ! Sometimes it was every 5 minutes!Very disappointing :--LRB- I rather use the cassette adapter I already have since performance to me is much more important than going wireless .
 If this worked , it would be great . Unfortunately , it does n't . Even with the unit placed on top of the radio -LRB- a high-end JVC -- some reviewers have mentioned that reception was dependent on the quality of the FM receiver -RRB- , it was still filled with static , and sounded cheap -LRB- which admittedly , the iPod is -RRB- . I do n't know if it 's worth the postage to return it to Amazon . From all I 'm reading , it might work well if you 're in an uncrowded FM area -LRB- but I would n't bet on it -RRB- .
 I bought an iRock during Christmas to go with my new iPod . About 3-4 weeks into using it , the iRock started to only play out of the left speakers , and would require the antenna to be twisted a bit to return sound to the right speakers.It finally gave out all together after a total of about 60 days . Now , it would be one thing if i was beating it on the dash , or if i dropped it , but this thing has sat in my car for 2 30-minute communtes a day for 8 weeks and it 's already dead?I did not enjoy this product for 30 days before it started failing , so i would recommend potential users consider alternate products before purchasing this one .
 I got one of these for a 12 hour road trip with a friend . First of all , there are only four frequencies to choose from , and they are all right together . If there is a good station transmitting on anything near that , you are out of luck . My friend ended up having to hold the stupid thing the whole time to get a good signal out of it . We spent a LOT more time trying to get it to be useable than we did enjoying our tunes.That 's the short of it - do n't waste your money on this one.There are FM transmitters that do work just fine . The one I got after the iRock disaster was the iTrip from Griffin Technology . You can transmit on any frequency on the band , and you can even get international frequencies from their website . If your car can pick up , say 80.5 -LRB- it has to be a foreign car -RRB- you can use that frequency on the iTrip . It 's awesome ! The iTrip is n't sensitive like the iRock , either . You can turn your songs on and throw your iPod in the seat next to you , and you do n't have to worry about the sound getting staticky . Oh yeah , and you do n't have to have a battery for it either . It steals a tiny bit of juice from the iPod.My old battery draining iRock has now had the -LRB- depleted in less than a day -RRB- battery removed and is one of my cat 's favorite toys .
 It 's a nice concept , looks kinda cool , but does n't work very well at all . It only offers four radio frequencies , which is okay if you live somewhere were there are n't many radio stations -LRB- in the FM 87 range -RRB- . Also , the sound quality was not well . To hear the music at a decent volume -LRB- and do n't blast my music at all -RRB- , I had to turn my car radio up quite a bit . These `` features '' created a really annoying effect . I 'd have the irock set to a frequency where there was n't a station broadcasting on the radio , then have to turn up the volume a fair amount -LRB- so I could hear it -RRB- , then a radio station signal would get strong enough to show up and blast out and scare me half to death , while driving ... Not a fun experience.Save your money on this one and buy a transmitter that lets you pick from more than 4 stations , and has better sound quality ...
 First the good points
 The Irock is a piece of junk for anyone who expects decent quality music in their car . I do n't even live in an area where the local radio stations override the signals , but the thing still delivers terrible quality music that fades in and out . There is no crispness and I always seem to be able to hear white noise in the background . The only use that I 've found for it is with the DVD player on my computer . On long road trips , other passengers int he car can watch DVD 's on my laptop and use the Irock to connect to the car speakers . Good quality is n't as important then . However , for most people looking to be able to use their Ipod in the car , either get a tape adaptor or wait until something that acutally works well makes its way into the market .
 I was so excited about having a device that would easily transmit the songs from my new MP3 player to my car stereo . And I was so disappointed in this promising technology . Even without the multitudes of interference from other weak radio stations in the Houston area , this device turns my high quality MP3s into low quality , static-plagued noise . It was so bad that the day after I got it I went to RadioShack in search of a better alternative
 Great concept and the device worked great `` FOR ABOUT 6 MONTHS '' and died . The 90 day warranty is , of course , useless . I will by another brand this time .
 Th way it works is , it comes with 4 FM station hard wired . You select which one you want to try and broadcast to by flipping a small dip switch . They are all at the low end of the FM dial ... 88.1 , 88.3 88.5 and 88.7 . Problem is , I live in L.A. and there are stations on 2 of the four presets and the others bleed so I ca n't really even use this in Metro L.A. . It could be different where you live . When you get out in the boonies on a road trip and there 's no competition for stations , it 's adequate but do n't expect CD quality sound . It 's more like average FM reception .
 I bought this two days ago at radio shack . The quality is pretty good , but is susceptible to inteference very easily . I found that if I hold my hand over it its a bit better , but still not perfect . Battery operated and all .
 Dont buy the iRock . First of all , it eats batteries like a madman ! Second , when you move it , it distorts the sound on the radio . Third , it only has 4 stations , and if there is a station broadcasting on any of thoes , it runs over and distorts the sound on the other 3 . Fourth , after taking care of it , and using it for about 3 weeks , the wires in the conector from the mini-jack to the transmitter broke , and now they short circuit , draning batteries and distorting the sound even more!My sugestion , if it is for an iPod , buy a Griffin Technology iTrip . They are great !! If not for an iPod , get a cassette adapter .
 If all conditions are optimal , this unit seems to work OK . By `` all conditions '' I really mean that :1 -RRB- no stations in the area near the limited frequency range -LRB- 88.1-88 .7 -RRB- 2 -RRB- the batteries are fresh , new and full3 -RRB- your FM radio has a good -LRB- but not too good -RRB- antennaIf using in a car , use a casette adapter instead . If using in a house , I recommend finding a unit that is optionally AC powered , as this will give you only a couple of hours life ...
 I picked this little gadget up because it claimed it was a univeral music adapter.Well , it did n't work with my Intel MP3 unit -LRB- which incidentally did work with an older music adapter I had . It did work with my old disc man and did work with an iRock MP3 player.If it works , it 's great , if not well , it 's garbage.The 1 star is for lack of support or listing of compatible players.Also , if you live in an are where high and low frequencies on the FM band are used by existing radio stations , then this wo n't work well because it will interfere with the local broadcase . I found it to work poorly in both NYC and DC .
 Hellos to all . My iRock worked fine for a few weeks . You might want to check for a clear channel to select from , it uses 88.1 , 88.3 , 88.5 , 88.7 . Southern Atlanta is problematic due to a 100,000 watt radio station at 88.5 but this is unusual . Apparently there is a bad design in the product that makes the wires leading out unstable and fragile After about 3 months the right channel stopped working , and soon I found myself constantly fiddling with the unit to try to get it to re-establish contact . It gets old pretty quick let me tell you . So if you wan na buy something that will last only a few weeks , you 're making a great choice .
 Handy if you travel a lot and use rental cars without a tape deck . But still , look for a better competing product - this one is poorly designed . The location of the on/off button means it will accidentally turn on whenever it is bumped around in your car . Then when you do go to use it you will find the batteries are flat . Also the shape and cable arrangement makes it awkward to place anywhere . It basically just has to dangle by the plug from your music player , and the wires WILL break -LRB- and after a surprisingly short period - poor quality materials and build -RRB- . Local radio stations overpower all 4 of the provided frequencies in most major US cities , so sound quality is extremely poor most of the time . Away from cities , with transmitter positioned close to car antenna , and fresh batteries , sound quality is adequate.For your own car you are much better buying one of the high quality in-line FM transmitters that install permanently in your car . They install between your antenna and radio . A number of manufacturers make them -LRB- Kenwood , Alpine etc -RRB- . They cost around $ 50 plus installation but are fairly easy to install yourself and the sound quality is excellent with a good radio .
 Like many reviews here , this is a good idea , and it does what it says it will . Just not with much audio quality . It sounds worse than a marginal FM station . OK for audio books , but not music .
 The unit is underpowered . Works well if the antenna on your radio is right next to the irock . Otherwise , its like picking up a weak radio station . I 'm not sure if I 'll have any uses for a device who 's range seems to be less than a 6 foot cable .
 Since all the stations this thing works on are covered here , this is really a useless device unless I 'm travelling . Another buyer from St. Louis said that could be solved by opening up the device and doing some sodering and attaching cable and electrical tape to your antenae , but I have no idea how to soder anything ...
 In this world , many people -LRB- including myself -RRB- live in cities . Big ones . The like where there 's a radio station on 88.1 , 88.5 and 88.7 . I researched if the mighty 300W iRock was worth it and finally bought it for nineteen bucks at a Radio Shack . Guess what ? It does n't work ! First I thought it was the battery , but oh no ... it was the iRock . I could n't come to terms with the idea that an item recomended by Apple for it 's iPod would be such a cheap contraption.I shall rate this ... mmmhhh ... thing ... two stars , because if you 're far enough from a city -LRB- like driving around Hawaii 's Big Island -RRB- or have a really expensive digital tuner it does work.For us citizens of the great cities , there should be a better alternative
 specs claim item has an extensible antenna , my unit does n't . That might help with the most serious shortcoming , which is , I have to put the transmitter practically on top of my radio to make it work.Apparently , there 's a competing product which permits tuning to a wider range of frequencies . This only allows tuning to four frequencies 88.1 , 88.3 , 88.5 , and 88.7 , but the local -LRB- crummy -RRB- classical station at 88.3 stomps all over those frequencies .
 I liked the physical design , but was unable to get anything resembling a strong or clear signal in my car . I tried a few different things , but have given up . I think it might have worked OK if I there were not any other competing radio stations in the area .
 Do not get the iRock unless you live far from civilization ... and even then think again.We bought it for a trip from SF to LA along I-5 . Even though most of the trip is going through the middle of nowhere there were still EXTREMELY weak stations on the desired frequencies . The iRock was UNABLE to get any sort of consistent signal to the reciever the entire trip.I would strongly recommend thinking twice before purchasing this item .
 The iRock offers an easy to use sleek design , as well as very good battery life . It 's one of the smallest versatile FM transmitters I 've seen.Conversely its transmitting strength subtly decreases a while before the battery light goes out . It also has a very small range of FM stations making it difficult to get a clear channel . Its signal range was also very short requiring very close placement to any radio device . I was a little skeptical of the molded wire when I first saw it that was until the mini-jack end started to slide out and finally rendered the device useless .
 I bought this product to use in the car . It only has 4 bands and in the Bay Area does not work well ... there are too many radio stations that interfere . I used it in Europe over Christmas and it worked perfectly as there were no stations interfering with one of its channels
 I find the the unit works well at home with a sophisticated receiver ... but in the car it is very much affected by the environment . It works ok in some areas and terrible in other areas . I do n't think this is a good solution . I 'm buying a Honda Element which has an Aux input jack . All cars should have that .
 Maybe this thing works in parts of the country with only a few radio stations . Around Boston you 're always competing with a stronger signal.There 's really no point in buying this product . I tried several similar ones , and ended up putting my tape deck back into the car so I could use a tape converter input instead . That actually worked .
 This product is a waste of time and money . The sound quality is worse than am radio . If your looking for sound quality do n't buy this product . Lot of static and interference no matter what frequency you set it to . It does not live up to its advertised claims .
 I only wish I 'd looked over some of these reviews before going out and buying this little gizmo . It seemed to work fine for me , but , like others , I had problems with batteries draining quickly while in use -LRB- NiMHs -RRB- , the power button being accidentally pushed too easily while not in use , the cord being too short for practicality , and in the end , my the whole thing died when the wires running from the adapter to the unit broke from the constant bending and unbending -LRB- which you 'd think the manufacturers would have taken into account in their design -RRB- . Defintely two thumbs down . .
 I do n't have audiophile expectations of a device that broadcasts radio frequency of mp3s . In spite of the limitations of the technologies , it sounds satisfactory . But , the folks at irock ! really blew it with the on/off button . Positioned on the top of the unit is a ` soft-touch ' button and red led indicator light/window . The indicator is impossible to see in daylight . And worse , I have not stored the unit in my car 's console even once without it jostling around in there and activating the on button . Consequently , everytime I use it I must replace the two AAA batteries . They last a long time in normal play , but the position and sensitivity of the button is unacceptable . My Creative Labs Nomad III has a great feature for saving batteries - you must hold the on button down for a full 5 seconds to turn it on or off . irock ! should take note ...
 I bought it at Radio Shack and after carefully using it in my car for about 5 or 6 times , the cable that connects the audio output to the device , broke . I was so surprised that I sent it to the Customer Service of iRock asking for it to be replaced or repaired . Well , that was three months ago and of course I have n't heard from them .
 I purchased this item to listen to Audible.com programs on my digital player in the truck I drive . The Irock works great when its brand new , it just lays on the seat next to you and plays away . The problem I 've found is the more you handle the device -LRB- changing batteries , moving from place to place -RRB- the more chance you have of the wires breaking at the point where the cord goes into the main body of the device . Everytime the cord is flexed the wires get weaker until they break right where they are soldered onto the circuit board . Also if you use rechargeable alkaline batteries as I do , plan on changing batteries every 4 hours or so constant use . Also if you 're not careful when you put it in your pocket or other purse or bag , whatever - the button is easy to press and it runs your battery down . If these problems could be fixed this would be a great product .
 The iRock is only moderately useful . The iRock has to be held close to the radio to work well without static . It does work , but not as well as it could . It is a little expensive for what it is and does , it seems to me . Ergonomically , it looks great , though !
 When I bought this item , I had great expectations that it would upgrade my listening options immensely by being able to use my iPod in the car . Using a pre-set radio frequency on the in-dash radio , the Irock plugs into the iPod so that music can be played through the car 's speakers . The results for me , however , were mixed at best.On the good side , it was great to be able to access all of my music at my fingertips when all of my pre-set stations were playing commercials.On the flip side , the quality of the transmission from the irock to the iPod was not only lacking in listening quality punch , but was also intermittent and would fade in and out enough to make the experience unpleasurable.In the end , I decided to upgrade my stereo and get an Auxiliary Out feature , which while much more expensive , the quality is as though you had used the Aux Out feature on your home stereo and there is no degradation of sound.If your budget dictates that you would have no other option , the Irock is a good solution if your expectations are scaled back.Note
 For the money , this is a nice , inexpensive way to hook your computer to your stereo , or play your MP3 or other portable music player through the car stereo when you 're on the road.On the other hand , if you 're a stickler for sound quality -LRB- like me -RRB- , you 'll most-likely be disappointed . The signal is not consistent , fading in and out with various hisses and pops . In addition , the device picks up interference from just about everything , including the device it 's plugged into , so you really have to fiddle and adjust positions and frequencies to minimize the static . It 's not so bad if you 're using it around the house , but extremely annoying if you 're on the road where the sound quality and interfering signals may change every couple of miles .
 I bought this unit to use with an MP3 player . It has four different frequencies to choose from -LRB- 88.1 / 88.3 / 88.5 / 88.7 MHz -RRB- and uses two AAA batteries . It simply plugs into the headphone mini stereo jack with a very short cable and has a simple power on/off button with LED indicator.I found that for my car stereo to receive the signal from the Irock ! it needs to sit within 2-3 feet of the antenna . This requirement leaves me only one choice for placement and that is on the passenger side dash . Unfortunately the placement means that every time I turn a corner the Irock ! and my MP3 player slide across , and often off , my dash . If I had a car with the antenna in the back this would have been useless.The low power of this unit allows even very distant FM channels to interfere with reception and causes me to retune to one of the other channel selections often . Also I expected longer battery life , while I can get up to 6 hours on a set of batteries I find that the power output drops quickly after the first 2 hours and requires new batteries or the 2-3 foot antenna distance drops further.While usable I would not recommend it to any one traveling where there is a possibility of moderate to strong FM in the units operating frequency range .
 I wanted to play my iPod tunes in my car . I had a cassette adapter but the quality was not satisfactory . I bought the Irock 300w thinking it would be better as there would not be the mechanical problem of cassette head alignment with the cassette adapter.It works . The sound comes through the radio on the tuned channel . The quality is not very good . The signal drops occasionally . I found improvement by moving the unit around the vehicle but since my car antenna is in the rear that is where it worked best . It is a little difficult to control the iPod when it is several feet behind you . It is also not convenient to run a cable back there to have the Irock closer to the antenna.I do n't use it . I use the cassette adapter with its own poor sound quality problems .
 I bought the Irock at Radio Shack because I noticed the cassette adaptor for playing MP3s on my car stereo was not playing well through both channels . I took it home , put batteries in it , plugged it into my laptop , and tuned my FM to the needed channel . The sound was fair at best . I had to turn up my volume a lot to get the same sound level as my cassette adaptor . I could hear a high picthed hum , which sounded like some noise from the power source that was not filtering out.If you do n't have any other method of listening to your portable device over the stereo , then this may be ok to use . But I took mine back for a refund .
 This is a great adaptor , if your car completely lacks any other way to connect a portable music player to the stereo . As mini-plug FM transmitters go , this is a very nice one . Otheres -LRB- I 've owned two others -RRB- have more FM band settings , but they actually changed frequency with temperature changes ; the Irock seems steady in that respect.It does suffer the typical 15Khz cutoff , so the `` highs '' or `` brightness '' suffers greatly . There is also a low-band cutoff as well , but I 'm not sure why . -LRB- The high band cutoff is characteristic of FM . -RRB- When using AAA batteries instead of the power adaptor , any significant source -LRB- steel bridge , power lines , telephone lines , etc -RRB- WILL induced noise into the system . With the portable power adaptor -LRB- included -RRB- , noise induction is very much reduced but not completely eliminated.The typical $ 5-10 cassette adaptor , while less convenient , has much better connectivity ; less droppout , less noise induction , and better frequency response throughout than the Irock.If you have only an FM-Radio in your car , this will do you well.Otherwise , it is not reccomendable . If you must go wireless/FM , this is the unit , due to it 's FM frequencey stability and the flexibility of battery or adaptor power feed -LRB- Note
 I purchased the iRock to be able to listen to my iPod at work and in my car during the commute . Although I did not have as many problems with reception as some other reviewers , the sound quality is not great . And let 's face it , if you are buying this for something like an iPod , you want to hear excellent sound quality . A major concern for those in large cities is that the iRock only gives the option of operating on four stations
 I bought one iRock adapter on RadioShack and it was 30 bucks throwed down the garbarge ... at first ir did work , but in my city there are a lot of radio stations so it was kind of difficult to make it stay in one frequency and work at all . Then it just died , I changed batteries , etc but it just not work , I turn it on and it turns off in seconds and I can get it to work ... I hate it .
 The iRock might work well in perfect circumstances , but in the real world , it 's design really limits its usefulness ... first , you need a place in your car for the Irock to sit . Its cable is a few inches long , so on our iPod , it hangs down the side of our center ` hump ' and is hard to reach and adjust ... there does n't seem to be a good place to put it . Second , our antenna is on the back of our car , not the front , so there 's a long distance between our iPod/iRock and antenna . Lots of static breaks through . On one four hour trip , I had to constantly readjust the station on which the iRock was transmitting because , as we travelled , adjacent stations that would come and go would overwhelm it . Finally , and most problematic , is that the button has no protection or ` smarts ' . If you carry it in a bag or pocket , the button WILL get pushed accidentally and you WILL drain your battery . Very , very annoying .
 I wanted to be able to sit on the ground and have my iBook 's mp3s play into my stereo , wirelessly -LRB- since I fell in love with AirPort wireless internet -RRB- . However , in my area , it just does n't work . Other radio stations interfered , and even when it did n't seem they should , the signal still seemed too weak , even three inches from the receiver . Disappointing ... I 'll need to see a new revision before I try this again .
 This product is a great idea , however the execution is very poor.The idea is that the iRock can broadcast the audio from any device that has a headphone jack -LRB- such as your discman , walkman , or iPod -RRB- on one of four FM frequencies -LRB- 88.1 / 88.3 / 88.5 or 88.7 -RRB- for a short distance -LRB- a few feet , which should be plenty to reach your radio antenna from inside your car -RRB- . Since FM fidelity typically exceeds that of cassette , it should be better for your car than a cassette adapter.The iRock does not live up to its promise . At least in the area where I live -LRB- Los Angeles -RRB- , there are stations occupying all four of the frequencies that the iRock uses . I wo n't go into the physics of it all , but basically a low powered FM broadcast at extremily short range should completely overpower an FM signal from a powerful radio station miles away . In fact , a friend of mine once assembled a small FM transmitter from a kit very similar to the iRock using a 9V battery that did exactly that.Unfortunately , the iRock 's signal is not sufficiently strong to reliably overpower another radio station . The sound quality varies wildly depending on conditions and even moving the iRock a few inches or changing its orientation a small bit can dramatically impact the audio quality . Often in my car , I HEAR the other radio station underneath -LRB- or even over -RRB- the music I 'm trying to broadcast from the iRock.In the end , buying a car cassette adapter is a much better use of anyone 's money . It might not offer quite the same level of fidelity as FM , but at least you will hear your music clearly and consistently .
 I bought this at the apple store when I got my iPod -LRB- major selling point of iPod is to connect it to car stereo ! -RRB- but it only had four preset stations that would never come in and faded out quickly if you were ever able to get a signal . I suggest you find the Transpod if you want the best in FM signal transmitting . I currently have the sf120 and it is a nice option . In the end I will probably have to get a better stereo for a direct plugin for the MP3 players .
 I suppose if you do n't live in a metropolitan area with stations around the frequencies the iRock has presets for , you might get better performance out of it than I have . I have had my unit about one week , and I must say I am disappointed . The idea is great , but the functionality at the power it puts out stinks.I have tried all kinds of positioning , even placing the unit in my ashtray which is directly below my radio . I tried aligning the unit 's cord so it is oriented correctly with the car antenna.On top of mediocre performance , it has gobbled through batteries , and despite a lot of empty space inside the unit , there is n't an option for a DC power adapter.Hey iRock , if you are reading this , do n't take it personally , but you should have done more field testing before releasing this product .
 Initially , I purchased the iRock to connect a CD player to my car stereo . Sound quality is very good , so long as you are n't in an area where broadcast stations use all the limited frequencies of 88.1 to 88.7 offered on the iRock . -LRB- Other products offer a wider choice . -RRB- Where I live , college radio uses 88.1 and 88.3 , and NPR is on 88.5 , with a strong signal classical station on 88.9 , so NONE of the iRock 's channels provides real clear sound . The connector cord , which fits into the headphone jack of the player , is also too long . It worked okay when I had a CD player , but now I have an iPod , and the cord is just annoyingly too long , causing the iRock 's main pod to slide off the car seat and dangle to toward the floor , where gravity eventually causes it to detach from my iPod . What a pain !
 I 've returned this product -- great idea , but it simply does n't work well . I could n't get the signal to stay locked on my radio , even when everything was stationary , as in my home stereo . Never mind trying it in the car !
 I purchased this product hoping to be able to listen to my iPod through my car radio , and I found it completely unacceptable for this purpose . I was not able to receive a clear signal on any of the four supported frequencies . There was usually a lot of background hiss . This could be reduced by moving the unit around in the car , from dashboard to front seat , back to dashboard , etc. . Even when I managed to eliminate the hiss , the audio was still muddy and distorted . Thinking the problem might have been due to my car stereo , I tried it in a friend 's car with the same results . This was in the Washington , DC metro area , where the FM band is crowded . Results might be better in rural areas , or perhaps in a car with a windshield antenna rather than an outside one . I eventually gave up on the iRock and replaced my car stereo with one that has an auxiliary input .
 If you need it for your car , forget about it !! I was looking for the cassette-style converter for my new i-pod but a zealous salesman talked me into buying the irock ----- no wires when you 're driving yada-yada-yada -- and it sounded great on the stereo in the store . It cost ten dollars more , but I felt so cutting edge !! The sound is awful ! the reception is awful ! the only time I may use it is on my stereo receiver at home . NO great advantage because popping in the CD is just as easy . really disappointed .
 I bought this product to use with my iPod . Everything you gain from a high-qulity MP3 player like the iPod , you lose when you hook it up to the iRock.The iRock has four frequency choices and none of them worked well . The interference from other FM stations -LRB- and a very audible whine on some of the selectable frequencies -RRB- made the device almost unusable . The Sony cassette adapter is a less elegant but much better sounding choice .
 I bought one of these for my ipod , having used one of those cassette shaped adapters before . I was getting tired of having the wires trailing everywhere , but it turns out that the old technology works much better.The 4 frequencies they give you to choose from are all pretty close together , and our local NPR station broadcasts on a frequency that its right in the middle of them -LRB- 88.5 -RRB- . I do n't know quite what is happening , but the tuning lock on the irock seems to get cancelled out by the broadcast station , and the irock turns itself off every couple of seconds , leaving loud badly tuned static instead of my ipod . I have tried it in different parts of the city , and on all four of the frequencies they provide but they are all as bad as each other . Do n't know what to do with it ! I suggest you check you local broadcast radio station frequencies before you buy this product and make sure there is nothing even close !
 This is garbage . Reception is terrible . Home stereo/car stereo boom box whatever . It does not work .
 I hooked this up to my MP3 player and placed it right next to the receiver and got a terrible reception . No matter where I placed it or what frequency I used the reception was poor at home or in the car . Forget about it ...
 I do n't have a tape player in my car so I bought the IROCK so that I could listen to my MP3 player . This is an absolutely horrible product and I ca n't stress how worthless this was for me . At first I put the blame on the fact that the only frequency settings you can use on the device were too close to stations in my city . OK , I ca n't use it in the city but I usually only want to use the MP3 player when I go on hiking trips or longer drives outside of the city anyway . It did n't matter . Even when I was unable to get any FM stations on my radio , the IROCK still fluctuated between sounding OK to having a lot of static over my music . Most of the time it was static . I wish I could recommend another product but I have n't tried another adapter yet . What I can tell you is to avoid this product unless you want to throw your money away on something that does n't even work .
 this product is not good for major urban areas , where the 88.1 , 88.3 , 88.5 , or 88.7 FM frequencies may be crowded.it also loses some audio quality and sometimes sounds fuzzy .
 Get a tape adaptor , this FM Transmitter is lousy and incosistent as you drive around and other signals interfere with it .
 Threw this away and got an iTrip instead - it 's the size and shape of a very large vitamin and takes NO batteries . Brilliant !!
 what a bummer , bought this at rat shack and tested it out on the way to work the next day . -LRB- very excited to use w/o a silly wire commin ' out of my deck -RRB- i had to hold the cable tightly in my hand to help boost the already existing weak signal power output.going to rat shack on my way home .
 The iRock 300W Wireless Music Adaptor offers four frequencies , but they are too close together for good reception if there is a strong local broadcast station . Interference from the local station kills the reception . Also , it goes through batteries in about 5 - 6 hours and strong batteries are needed even when there are no interfering local stations .
 Apparently this works for some folks , not for others . Count me the latter group . I tried this in two cars . In one , it scarcely worked at all . In the other car , it worked pretty well , but there was loud static/interference about every 90 seconds . That 's just too much noise to make it useful . I live in a metro area with a strong station at 88.1 and another at 88.5 , and perhaps that is too much signal to allow the IRock to work comfortably . In short , I felt I gave this a fair chance and it just did n't meet my needs . I returned it and got a cassette adapter instead .
 This device is just sitting in my drawer gathering dust.I live in Boston and have n't been able to get reasonable reception on any of the frequencies available on this adapter . It cuts in and out between the MP3s and the radio stations that broadcast on or near those frequencies .
 The iRock 's sound quality is on par for most of these FM transmitters , they all sound bad . I was aware of the sound limitations when I bought the iRock , my big issue is the design and placement of the power button . It is set up in such a way if you put it in your glove box -LRB- or just about anywhere -RRB- you can guarantee something will press the power button and run down the batteries . Very frustrating . The iRock also limits you to only four station radio choices , 88.1 , 88.3 etc. . Since I live in Boston , a fairly large city with many , many colleges , those frequency are being used . So the iRock is useless for me when I am downtown . As soon as I get out of the city I 'm fine . There has to be a better unit out there .
 I did a simple modification that increases its transmission range signifficantly . I took the unit appart and located where the antena from the pigtail cable attaches to the board . This is the fourth wire -LRB- black -RRB- Notice that the pigtail carries two coaxial audio wires and one antenna wire . I replaced this with about 2 feet 7 3/4 inches of 18G wire . The length is important for optimum transmission since this is about a fourth of the wavelength . It also required drilling a small hole in the case to get my new `` antenna '' out . I used a drill bit just thick enough to allow the wire to pass . With this antenna fully extended -LRB- straight -RRB- and provided it is NOT laid flat on a piece of metal -LRB- such as along the floor of a car -RRB- I could OVERPOWER 88.1 around Boston from my kitchen to my living room -LRB- this is about 35 feet -RRB- almost cleanly . Within the livingroom itself , signal was free from interference . That is a great improvement over original range . I suppose you could also use a dipole arrangement with two wires sticking out , one from the unit 's ground and another from the antena , both at the same length . That would further extend the range . Another configuration is a full wavelength antenna , about 10 feet long . But its hard to lay it straight . Many other configurations can extend range , but also diminish practicality , as its pretty hard enough to maintain 31 + inches of wire straight inside a car . I suggest attaching one end to your windshield or dashboard with a suction cup or velcro , etc. and letting the unit dangle from the antenna and audio out -LRB- or somehow attach it to prevent strain . Be careful , as modifying your iRock in any way voids your warranty and it also renders the device illegal to operate . So remember NEVER to use it ;-RRB- . Also , use all common sense when locating this unit in your car , so it does not interfere with safe driving .
 poor transmission quality and difficult to swap around to different channels while trying to drive at the same time .
 I am not telling that this product does n't works , but I bought 2 different FM Modulators and neither of both works acceptable . As my Factory Radio does n't accepts AUX inputs , I rather bought another Stereo with an AUX input and it is the best well spent money in sound quality for my Ipod in my car . Specially if you like to listen music , better think in make a greater inversion and no to throw out your money with FM modulators !
 Forget the range of the IRock 's transmission -LRB- which is pathetic - I had to run an extension and place it at the rear of my car near the antennae to get decent reception . -RRB- My main complaint is with the bafflingly bad design - unless you have the space in your car to lay it out flat -LRB- and 2 sided tape to keep it from sliding around -RRB- it 's going to end up dangling from your music player , and will put stress on the product 's weakest point - the connection point . Sure enough , about a week after my 90 day warranty expired the connection was stressed and the right channel began cutting in and out.Avoid this tempting little device like the plague - you 're much better off spending a few more bucks and getting a solid FM transmitter , and one that you can tune to any station - another downside of the IRock is its limit of 4 distinct tuning settings , each of which in Los Angeles has strong competition from local public radio .
 This device gets the job done ... barely . True audiophiles will be disappointed with the iRock 300w . It broadcasts a weak signal on 88.1,3,5 , or 7 FM - a frequency range that does n't lend itself to hi fidelity audio as it is . The signal is strong enough to overpower stations that bleed into the given frequency , but on occasion they will still seep through . Even when the signal is clear , there is often a touch of static on the treble.The device takes 2 AAA batteries which you can expect to last a week or two before you 'll want to replace them . Fresh batteries seem to make a significant difference in signal quality . The on/off switch is poorly placed and easily triggered which can lead to accidentally draining the batteries if you do n't notice it 's on . There is a red LED power indicator which dims as power runs down.Given the negatives mentioned above , I 'm keeping my iRock 300w . I purchased it expecting to send it back based on other reviews I read , but it turns out that it 's good enough for my purposes . I just want to listen to mp3s from my Archos Jukebox20 while in my car . The sound is mostly clear on 88.1 in the DC area with a bit of static on occasion . I can live with the semi-monthly battery swap routine . If you have a working cassete player I would strongly suggest using a cassette adapter - my cassette player is defective , thus the iRock adapter ... Bottom line
 It does n't work even that it 's really close to the radio
 I bought this device with the hope that I could use my Nomad Zen Jukebox MP3 player in my car and hear the music from my car radio receiver . I could n't get it to work in my car.Out of curiosity , I tried other FM radios in my home . I got it to work with my living room stereo system 's FM receiver , but only when the device was less than 2 feet from the antennae . Interestingly , I could not get it to work on a Kenwood mini-stereo system or my Panasonic CD/radio boombox even with the devices inches from the antennaes .
 Convenient and a great idea but problem areas : Low volume . Poorer than my cassette adapter.Have had radio station interference on all 4 frequencies and have had to revert to cassette adapter.Power button switches on easily - wasted loads of batteries - now I remove batteries every time it is not in use.With battery in , the battery cover is very tight - feels like the pressure could pop it off . Has n't happened but it must put strain on the plastic `` latch ''
 You can not use a smartmedia card which has been previously used in some other device . You can not transfer songs to the smartmedia card , it keeps crashing all the time.Basically you will never get to use a smartmedia card with this product although you can continue to use the in-built memory
 The player is small , cool looking and pretty easy to use.The included software , however , is a * NIGHTMARE * . And to add insult to injury , the driver disables recognition of the device by Windows Explorer so you can not use that simple interface to manage songs on the player - you * have * to use their software -LRB- or MusicMatch Jukebox if you download another driver -RRB- . I ended up returning the player . A shame , because the player itself really is quite nice . I spend too much time copying and deleting songs to and from the player to put up with the unnecessary hassle though ...
 i have never ever had so much trouble with an electronic item in my life . i was never able to get music from my music manager to my mp3 player , though i followed the instructions to the letter -LRB- the message boxes that should have popped up to take me to the next function never did -RRB- . i called the company for tech support and got a voice mail ; i called customer service and got a voice mail ; i called and did n't choose anything and got a voice mail . when i e-mailed tech support , i got an auto-response which seemed very helpful , but in the end , got me nowhere . they obviously do not wish to be on hand to help customers , so i am returning my mp3 player today for a full refund . i highly discouraging purchasing anything from this manufacturer .
 the good thing is that it is small and lightweight , but sometimes the software does n't work on my computer and I always have to restart it . the 2 memory cards i bought for it also does n't work even though it is the right type thats suppose to be used . i 'm thinking about getting a different mp3 player because i get to frustrated with iRock .
 I bought this product because of good reviews and great price . The installation went perfectly and the manual actually contained good documentation . Everything went exactly as advertised . My computer is running Windows XP so , as with anything on XP , I was a little worried about compatability.The first time I hooked the unit up , everything went perfectly . I installed several songs but had some problems playing them -LRB- because I accidently installed WMA files which the irock DOES NOT support -RRB- . No problem I thought , I 'll just delete those files and install MP3 instead . Unfortunately I was never again able to get the software to recognize the irock as installed . The computer recognized the USB device and indicated that it was working properly but none of the 4 music/jukebox programs I have installed could find the portable device . This includes the software that came with the irock . This was odd since it was just working earlier . I did the standard , uninstall , download new drivers from the website , reinstall , reboot several times . I played with all the possible configurations and I could never get it to work . I never got a reply from irock customer service when I sent an email request for help so I had to return the player.I agree that the irock seems to be a great unit . I never got it to play anything but the preinstalled music . Also I was very disappointed to see that most of the software was a `` trial '' version that only works for a limited number of transfers and then you have to purchase an upgrade . The player is cheap but when you factor in the cost of buying the software , it 's price is n't so steller.I 've read a lot of reviews of various MP3/portable audio players and these sort of problems seem all too common . It seems to be the norm for people to have to return 2 or 3 players before getting one that works flawlessly . I wish this was n't true but it seems that this industry needs to concentrate on quality rather than flashy features .
 I bought this card for 2 reasons1 -RRB- The TV - Out via S-Video2 -RRB- The nView Dual monitor outputI was disappointed on both fronts . The TV out `` autoconfigures '' itself via the truly awful new nVidia Control Panel which set everything to the wrong settings and will not let you change them . Once in the `` Classic '' view via Display Properties as usual you can change the settings to get a semblance of a picture which is in blurry Black and White . This is a known issue apparently judging from discussion groups on the net . I solved this by getting an S-Video to composite converter -LRB- for another $ 25 ... -RRB- which gave a blurry colour picture which was wholly unsatisfactory.The nView does not seem to split the output correctly and will not detect the second dispay . Maybe the nView is only for dual display over a monitor and a TV or maybe there is some incantation to make it work but on the whole I could n't be bothered and went to Best Buy to get a branded version of the GeForce 7600 which works perfectly . Get what you pay for I suppose .
 CenDyne has declared bankruptcy , and will no longer warranty any of there products .
 Sometimes it 'll crash when you edit a video , sometimes it waits till you start recording to crash , sometimes it crashes while you 're watching and doing nothing at all . This happens with all EyeTV hardware because Elgato does n't know how to program software correctly . They recently upgraded their software to 2.0 , which features a built-in TV guide that does n't work and a new price tag of 80 $ , and still crashes.Further , the crashes are n't your normal crashes where the program disappears . The program stays open even if you force-quit it , so you ca n't use EyeTV again until you restart your computer . Admittedly , I 'm using OS X Tiger and I never had this problem on Panther -LRB- both on a G5 -RRB- , but nobody wants to use an obsolete OS just to run a TV player . The only reason I give this more than one star is the freedom to edit and export video in any format .
 The eyeTV is a neat idea , but I have not had a good experience . After two broken eyeTV 's and hundreds of dollars in shipping , and hours of fighting with customer service . I think ill wait until the technology is perfected before I buy another one.It wouldnt be so bad if it was my fault -LRB- like if i dropped it -RRB- but I didnt do a thing . It sits beside my imac and doesnt move . Yet on two occasions with two different eyeTV 's , I have gone to use it , and discover that it has just completely stopped working .
 After a year of use on my G-5 Dual 2Ghtz Mac the unit just up and quit . -LRB- Just after warrenty expired -RRB- Major among the continuing problems was the inabliity to record any file greater than 4 gigs . which of course excluded most longer TV shows etc. -LRB- Toast does not compress and Popcorn does not use the MPeg format -RRB- Another annoying problem was the frequent need to restart the unit by removing the firewire plug and replacing -LRB- as recommendated by the manual -RRB- Picture quality seemed to be above average but not spectacular . Not being able to put into a firewire chain is another negative -LRB- manual recommends isolated firewire connection -RRB- . Lastly the unit is overpriced for the limited use and features and poor tech support . The tragedy is that there are relatively few such units available for Mac .
 Hello , I bought this and tried to use it on a Powerbook G4 with 512 ram . The eyetv200 did work , but not well . The video is choppy and grainy . Other problems include that it locks up often , and you have to unplug the unit from the computer and restart it . It would n't wake the computer from sleep to record a tv show , like it is supposed to . The other problem is that the tv listing the software uses , is not accurate . It had incorrect times for shows . I reported this and they admited it , and said they contracted the listing with another company . Most importantly there is NO phone contact provided with Elgato . They refuse to provide it . You have to email them with problems , and they email you back ... Days later . They say it will work on anything G3 500 or higher . I strongly disagree ! This company needs to provide phone contact and improve their product before anyone should buy it . Great idea , Poor product .
 This device is a good idea , but , although advertised to work with iMacs , it does n't . The end of the cable designed to attach the speakers is fine , but the other end does not fit in the jack in my iMac . I tried an adapter that I bought at Radio Shack , and it fit in the computer jack . But , the end of the cable would n't go far enough into the adapter to make the connection.I did n't return the cable because shipping would cost too much , and I was tired of the whole project.I did call Griffin Technology , the company that makes the cable , and I was told that they had not made the device for a long time . Maybe the thing will work with older iMacs?Don ' t order this cable unless you are sure it is compatible with your computer .
 Just ordered the Cendyne as referred by cnet.com . Speed seems good but customer support is bad . Product was missing software and for some strange reason it had a MS Small Business Edition cd already loaded in the drive ? So either I was sent a return or this cd was in there from the manufacturer . Submitted a trouble ticket with their support inquiring about the missing software and the only reply i got so far was ` please register your product ' which i did immediatley but so far 2 weeks have gone by without any reply .
 I bought this drive earlier this year . Setup was easy and it worked well and reasonably fast . Very noisy , however , such that it was like having a big fan next to me . I do n't burn that many disks but after 10 months of light usage , it is currently having problems reading and writing . I 've made 4 coasters lately and tried using different brands of CDs to no avail . This drive is being replaced with an Iomega Super DVD combo drive .
 This drive is portrayed as being 40x12x40 , but this is misleading . The maxium speed at which the drive burns a CD is 32x , it does not go above that . And even burning at a speed of 32x takes more time than my old Philips 4x . I am really disappointed with the performance of this drive .
 If there are ZERO or MINUS , I will give that instead of 1 star.Trust me , never buy lenmar batteries . They are tollay trash . You fully charged them on monday for wednesday 's party . When youput batteries in your camera , they are totally empty , totally empty ... just like you put wood in camera . If you like to wastmony and time , buy it !!! Just threw mine , I charged 12 of 24 . One of them is bad obviously and can not be charged at all .
 Lured by one of those Amazon special sales I purchased a 24 pack over a year ago . Did not need them immediately , so they were left on storage on an air conditioned room . Now that I need them , I tried to charge them and out of 24 batteries only 2 took a partial charge . I have some very fancy and expensive chargers , including the LaCrosse BC-900 and several others of less famous makers , not one charger could charge the other 22 batteries . I contacted the company for help , here is their reply
 I bought this Lan adapter 6 months ago -LRB- from a different store -RRB- and could never get it to work . The device is actually manufactured by Realtec and their website lists all kinds of patches and other instructions to work around it 's shortcomings . After hours and hours of fruitless efforts , I gave up and bought a Microsoft Lan adapter . It worked within 20 minutes ! I can not recommend this card if you are using Windows 98SE .
 I guess I should have known better ! You get what you pay for . The monitor is very fuzzy and has trailers/shadows running about an inch to the right of everything . i.e. text , icons etc. . Do n't waste you money !!!!
 We liked the picture quality while it lasted-Broken after 1 year-4 days of moderate use . Hyundai warranty is only for 1 year from purchase date . Bought this online and the warranty started when I paid for it , not when we received and started using it -LRB- was used less than a year -RRB- . Warranty was denied . We have rarely had cause to write a review of anything but felt this was necessary to prevent others from buying a bad product . We are going next to buy a major brand LCD TV with a better history , customer service and a local service center !
 This product is not up to palmOne standards . I had hoped that screen protectors sold by palmOne would have the best fit and quality , but I was mistaken . First , as the previous reviewer mentioned , the outlines for cutting the protector down to the right size are wrong , and I too had to make my own template first to get the protector to fit up to the edge of the screen.Next , the material used to make the protector is cheap and unsuitable for covering your screen . It started to show stylus scratches after just one day of use -LRB- and I do n't push harder than necessary for the digitizer to register -RRB- . But the worst aspect of these protectors is that they grab and stick to your stylus , making it quite difficult to write smoothly on the screen . If you like to doodle on Notepad or write Graffiti quickly , do n't choose these protectors.They get two stars and not one because I believe they will fulfill their function of protecting my Palm screen . But they definitely wo n't enhance your palm experience .
 First off , I find it ingenious how PalmOne chooses to save money and resources by making each screen protector a large sheet with screen cutout outlines on the back for all the current PalmOne handhelds . So theoretically , how how they can claim it fits all PalmOne handhelds . The problem is that it 's difficult to use . The outlines are significantly smaller than the actual screen size , so you have quite a bit of uncovered screen area , which for me traps dust . There are so many lines that eventually curve and cross each other so it 's difficult following the right one and if you are successful , you can never get it real straight-looking . Applying the cover is similar to the other adhesives , except for one thing
 I bought this TV in Feb 2006 . It had bad bowing problems and had to be replaced two weeks after purchase . The replacement TV also had bowing problems and Samsung finally got around to sending me a tech in Feb 2007 to repair it . Now it is Aug 2007 and out of warranty . The TV has shut off completely and does not turn on . I called Samsung and they told me that since it is out of warranty I am responsible for it . Their customer service is not helpful at all , kept me on hold for hours , and transfered me to different departments . Finally , their customer relations executive told me she was tranferring me to senior management . A week later when I called to follow up , I found she had lied and closed the case.How do they sell a $ 800 TV that is so bad , and follow up with customer service that is dishonest ? I guess this is the last time I will buy a Samsung product .
 I have no problem with the picture of this television in general , but after two bad experiences with different TVs , I am now planning on returning this model for good . The problems I have had each time are discoloration -LRB- purplish or yellow -RRB- of the screen in either the upper right or upper left area . I could see the discoloration markedly when you display a white image on the screen.I figured at first that this was a problem with the store that I bought the sets , but instead after reading TV forums , I have concluded that Samsung seems to be selling numerous faulty TV sets of this model . Considering that I struck out twice in a row , I would not recommend that anyone else get this set . Find something else .
 delivery was prompt but it does not tell you its NOT a flat screen even though the picture looks like one the tv is hevy as hell and has a back on the lower half of the tv .
 I ordered two of these based on the image and they are not what is in the picture . I could not use them and they are not worth returning as I needed them by a certain date for an out of town project.If you are looking for a headphone hanger you probably want the one in the picture so do NOT order this one unless you are sure you want a RIGHT ANGLE HANGER !
 I did not take the time to read the reviews so I did not take notice of the alert of previous buyers of this bundle -LRB- TX + P10958U -RRB- ... The case is nice , but for other palms perhaps . For the T/X , is not . Already returned without no problem .
 When I received this case for my Palm TX and placed my TX in it . Much to my suprise it did n't fit . My PDA stuck out and over the top and the screen was partially blocked by the leather strip on the top that helps hold the TX in . I would not recommend this case for the TX if you want to leave it in the case while working within the PDA environment .
 The case looks lovely but if it is tipped the Palm Piolet could fall out . That 's how I broke my last one when it fell from the case and crashed on The floor .
 This case was bundled with the Palm TX handheld , so I bought them together . The problem is , the case does n't fit this pda .
 You proposed to buy together the Palm TX and this slim leather case . The wrong one -LRB- too small , it jeopardizes vision fo the whole screeen -RRB- . The right one is the 3176WW . I wrote to amazon suport a e-mail and I am waiting to get an email with instructions to the change.I am very disapointed with this mistake . Your site has induced me to make the wrong choice . Please send instructions to correct this issue .
 It 's nice and small but do not buy it for Palm TX , it 's too small . However if you have an old Dell Axim case it will work just fine -LRB- no offence ... -RRB-
 Despite what you may read about this , this is NOT a good case for the Z22 . Mine keeps falling out because the case is too big . I guess the Z22 is smaller than other models . I wish I could return this . I 've only used it once and that was when I got it 3 months ago .
 I looked up leather case for Palm TX . The case I bought was recommended . It is leather and handsome however
 Okay I guess for Tungsten and Zire model of Palm devices it 's a decent enough looking case , I 'm not happy about the fact thst Amazon steered me there when I bought my Palm Z-22 , even going so far as to suggest it as a bundle . I never owned one of these things , for all I knew `` Z '' as in Z-22 could have stood for Zire , and that 's with my clicking for more info . Now I have to go around asking my friends whether they own a Zire or Tungsten , so I can gift it back , unless one of you readers has one of these machines and would like a bargain . I have to warn you though , the plastic is sliced open and retaped , just the way it arrived even though I thought I was buying new , when I made the purchase . In fact the retape job was so poor , I was able to easilly slip the little white elephant right out and right back in again without so much as stretching the tape . Just kidding , I 'll find someone who needs one I guess . Tiz the Season after , all .
 After I ordered a Tungsten TX , this case was presented to me by Amazon , so I ordered it as well . After it arrived we found that it is too small for the TX -LRB- and I believe also the T5 -RRB- . You need a 3176WW Leather Case to get the right fit for the T5 or TX.My 1 star rating is for the misleading representation made for this case when I ordered it . There is no indication on the description page that it does not fit the T5 or TX . It is a perfectly fine case for the Palms that it does fit . Just beware .
 I purchased this and within a couple of weeks purchased the Palm Z22 Every Day Case . I feel this case just did n't fit the Palm Z22 very well . It has slots for memory cards and the Palm Z22 does n't hold memory cards . Overall , this case was n't what I needed . I feel it is probably more suited for the larger Palm handhelds .
 This case was recommended with the purchase of a T/X . DO NOT BUY IT FOR A T/X . The unit does not properly fit . The T/X sticks out the top about half an inch and the top elastic band on the case covers the top 1/4 inch of the touch screen.My wife has a Tungsten E and the case is a perfect fit for that , but again , it should not be recommended for the T/X !!
 I ordered this ` slim leather case ' simultaneously with a new Z22 handheld and the case is too big for the handheld . It slides around in it and the power on/off switch is effectively covered by the ` frame ' . Also , the closure on the case really ca n't be opened with one hand -LRB- sort of a tab through a loop thing -RRB- . So , I finally put the new unit into a battered old -LRB- 4 or 5 years ? -RRB- holder with a velcro closure and while it is n't nearly as pretty the handheld is unobstructed for use , safe and secure in the holder and altogether more satisfactory . I bought the new case because it came up on the ` side panel ' of the site so I assumed -LRB- my mistake -RRB- it would fit the Z22 securely . It does n't . Maybe one is offered that does fit it better without covering the power switch ?
 This is a nice case , but not for the Palm TX . It sticks way out at the top of the case .
 This case was advertised as an accessory for the new Palm TX I purchased . But the case is too small for the Palm TX , the locking tab has to be forced through the loop to close the case , and the finish of the case is rough . I am returning it . It does not meet the standards of previous leather cases I have purchased from Palm and I was disappointed .
 Not quite as tall an opening as would be desirable . Makes it hard to access top items . But good stylish case and will even hold TX and its flip cover -LRB- folded back -RRB- . Worth the money .
 I purchased this case as a package with the Palm TX from amazon . I wish I had read others reviews because as the others pointed out it does not fit the Palm TX . The top sticks out . I went to staples and bought the right case and was told the ones that fit the Palm TX have to say compatible with Tungsten T5 . So Im not sure why amazon has a deal with the Palm TX when it is n't the right case . Another thing is it does n't have a snap only a pull through strap which does n't stay put too good .
 I bought this because it was a combined package option with Amazon - my mistake ! Do n't be foolish like me .
 The second image posted shows this case opening like a wallet , with a space to store cash . This is an error as the case does n't open like this . I will use the other reviewer 's advise about the velcro tho because I can see it slipping already .
 I bought this case for my Palm z22 and it does n't quite fit . The case is a little too big for the Palm and it falls out when turned upside down . I am going to make it work by adding some velcro to the back of the Palm and the inside of the case . Other than the fit -LRB- or lack of -RRB- this case is well made and a good deal for the price .
 This case seems plenty nice enough , and is made of a nice , smooth leather , but it absolutely does not fit the Z22 at all . It is made for larger , thicker Palms .
 I bought this as the Amazon-recommended case for the Z22 . The price was reasonable and it looked attractive . The only problem is that it does n't appear to be made for the Z22 . There 's nothing to keep the PDA from falling out if you turn the case upside down , you ca n't get to the on/off switch and it 's bigger than it needs to be.I 'm very happy with the Palm Z22 - I just wish they had a nice leather case that was really made for it .
 I recently purchased the Palm Z22 from Amazon and I also purchased this leather case `` Because Amazon said it works with the Z22 '' . Well , guess what ... the Palm Z22 is too small for this case . You have to be very careful when holding the Palm in this case or it will fall right out . Not a safe way to protect your Palm . So if you are looking for a case for your Palm Z22 , look else where .
 when i got the item i was so happy because it fits on my Tungsten and give it a more presentable look . but after few days it started to tear of it skin and loose the shining appeal of the leather . Now it looks so old and damage.seems i bought it 3 years ago
 Amazon recomend me this Leather case for my Palm TX . . and did not fit on it ... is tooo small ...
 I liked the quality of the case but the TX I have does not fit very well in it . You can not use the whole screen . The top of the palm is covered up .
 I was very disappointed in the case . I bought it for my Palm z22 . It was not a good fit - too big . It needs something to keep the pda from falling out the top . A snap or velcro strap would be nice . The existing strap is in the wrong place . Do not recommend for the Palm z22 .
 the ad at amazon suggested that this case should be bought with the palm z-22 . however when i received it , there was no way the z-22 was going to fit into it . i had to return it and purchase another case . i think they should have better quality control , especially when they 're making the suggestion .
 This product was advertised as being ordered with teh Palm Z22 . So I bought it . The problem is that it is n't really designed for the Z22 ! I was very disappointed . It 's a bit oversized and does n't fit into your pocket well . I believe theere is a `` skin '' that can be used and could be better but I 'm not sure . Overalll I did not like this product .
 I suspect this case was originally sized for other , slightly smaller palms . Whe a TX is slid into this case , the top of the display is obstructed and the palm sticks out the top . The palm originally used in this case must have been shorter & palm called it close enough . The quality & workmanship of the case is nice , but it simply does not fit a TX . I 'm disappointed .
 The case itself is fine , it 's just the all important slip strap that was cut a bit too wide to slide into the loop to close the case . You can try jamming it in , but why ? It should just fit , no matter what the price . Particularly since this is a Palm product , I was counting on better quality than this .
 When I bougth my TX this case was offered as an accessory . I bought it and does not fit for the tx . I can not use it
 I made the exact same mistake these other Z22 buyers made . The case arrived a week or so before my Palm did . I was pretty excited and impressed about slim and compact it is . But none of that means anything if it is too large for my Palm . I 'm disappointed with Amazon because I also bought it as part of a recommended `` bundle . '' I wish I had read all the way down to the end of the reviews !
 I bought this case for a tungsten E2 . When I hold the case upside down , my Palm slides out.Otherwise , the case is very nice . It has 3 slots for credit cards , 2 slots for memory cards , and a holder for your stylus . You can sync , recharge , or attach headphones without removing the case .
 I purchased the combo of the pda and the case . The case is not that good . It is way too big for the pda and the pda keeps slipping out . I would definitely not recommend this item to anyone who purchased the Palm Z22 .
 The description says that it would not fit the TX model but it doesnt ! I opened it and found out the hard way .
 This case is nice and of good quality , but it doesn ' r really fit the Palm TX very well . The TX has an angled top and bottom , and it 's a little too long for the case -- as a result , the whole screen is not in the window inside the case -LRB- the handheld sticks out the top about 3/8 '' -RRB- , and you really need to take the TX out to use it . I do n't know how this fits other Palm devices , but pass on it if you have a TX .
 I bought the Palm Slim Leather Case along with the TX . The case itself is very well made , nicely stitched leather . But it was not designed for the TX . I could not see or touch anything on the top of my screen which meant I had to take it out of the case each time I used it . Not cool . So I cut off the top strip of leather which made it possible to see , but now it does not sit securely in the case . They should n't sell it as a case for the TX because it is misleading ... does n't work .
 I returned this Item because it did n't filt my Palm Z22 at all . DO NOT BUY THIS FOR THE Z-22 .
 This is one of the only supposedly multi-functional cases I could find for the Palm Z22 . However , it 's a poor fit all the way around . The palm does not fit snugly in the case and falls out one end despite elastic on 3 sides . There are slots on the left side but not sure what for . They are too small and tight for business cards , and you ca n't fit a small tablet in there for notes . About the best that can be done is to cram notes and cards in the space underneath . For me this was a waste of money . I would do better to put the Palm in a ziplock baggie .
 The TX will not fit right and It has a part on top of it that does not let you see the complete screen , it is recommended , but not for a TX .
 Like many other users have commented , this case is nicely made , but it does n't fit the PDA well at all . The leather is too thick and inflexible to provide a secure fit . The cover closes with an awkward tab and loop . The inner ` frame ' that is supposed to retain the PDA is a little too deep and angles inward.It just does n't work well - take a pass , even at this bargain price .
 I ordered this item to store my Palm Z22 . When I received it , it was packed in hard plastic . After attacking it with a pair of scissors , I realized that my Palm slipped right out of it . When I decided I would return it , I was surprised to see that PalmOne will only take it back -LRB- with a 15 % restocking fee -RRB- if it 's in its original packing . Buyer beware !
 When I bought my Palm Z22 at Staples , I talked the sales person into upgrading my case from a pretty flimsy generic to this one , thinking that it would do a better job of protecting my purchase.Wrong.The case does not secure the device into the slot - a good shake will cause my Palm to fall out.Additionally , the On/Off switch is covered by the leather frame.While I like the style , and the stylus slot , I 'm going to start searching the web for something that will do a better job of protecting my PDA .
 This leather case is too short to accommodate the Palm Tx ... it is difficult to keep in the case because of this . Though the product itself is fine , it should not be paired with the Tx and I regret purchasing it .
 Amazon offered a `` buy both '' proposal with my purchase of a Palm Z22 . This is the wrong one . The Z22 is too small and slips out easily . If you are going to make an offer to buy a case , please match it up correctly . I wrote to amazon suport a e-mail and I am still awaiting a return response.I am very disapointed with this mistake . Your site has lead me into making an incorrect purchase .
 This product implies that it is for all Palm Zire handhelds . This is n't true . It is too large for the Palm Z22 and should not be purchased for that handheld .
 I bought this case with my TX and only when I opened it I noticed the Palm TX not fit well , the case it 's too small .
 I bought this item because it was recommended for the Palm TX , but it is not designed for the TX and it covers a small part of the bottom of the screen .
 I purchased the Audio Research ARH450 `` Professional Closed-back Studio Headphones '' to replace a 10 year-old Aiwa X815 headphone set . The pads were begining to come apart . Functionally , they were in perfect operating condition . So , I turned up the ARH450 headphones . The search criteria included 50 or 60mm rare earth -LRB- neodymium -RRB- magnets , studio grade , single point entry , a long cord & a mini-plug . The ARH450 has 50mm magnets -LRB- NOT 60mm ` rare earth ' Neodymium magnets -RRB- , a long cord with a 1/8 '' plug adapter for the RCA Phone-jack style plug ; it should be the other way around . `` Studio Grade ? NOT hardly . `` Professioinal ? '' Pretend . Closed-back ... well , that 's right . On the first listen to one of my music CDs , I found the `` highs '' to be scratchy , and the -LRB- enhanced -RRB- bass to be weak on the AR ` phones , and the AR ear cups to be much smaller . Side-by-side comparison with the Aiwa X815 ` phones proved the sound differences between the two phones . The makers of the AR ` phones -LRB- Thomson -RRB- `` claim '' them to be something that they are , in fact , NOT . IF you just need cheap headphones , and you 've never heard better , these will suffice . I was disappointed in the sound quality , and returned them . The shortcomings were NOT Amazon 's fault .
 I was drawn to these by their price , something that should never be done with electronics . They do n't sound very full , nor do they get anywhere near loud enough , barely above a good ` mixing ' level . Save your money and buy something a litter more expensive with better quality .
 I bought this based on reviews here and elsewhere . I can justify the cost because the unit accepts an external micorphone -- something I need since I do a lot of interviewing . The voice recording quality is excellent . Not quite as good as my Sony MD recorder but then I do n't have to up load my files in real time . But for music ... this is a very weak player . I tested with four different kinds of head phones including the supplied ear buds . No matter how I adjusted the sound controls the tone is either flat or excessively tinny to the point that it hurts . For $ 195 with tax this is probably going to go back to the store . I 'll try the iRiver next .
 the device itself is very nice and packs interesting features , . The accompanying instructions and software , I bet that the peoples who developped it were working out of their backyard . It 's simply worth a shiiitttt .
 This is a great unit with a MAJOR design flaw that nobody talks about . The BATTERY IS IRREPLACEABLE !!!!! It is a lithium ion so if you made the mistake of buying one do n't let the battery drain completely -- it prematurely ages it . I 'm appalled I made the mistake of buying one !! It is virtually a disposable mp3 player !!!
 I tried resisting the IPOD groupmind , and went with the Samsung due to the features and good preliminary reviews.First the postives ... descent screen , games -LRB- if you want them ... quirky but they 're there -RRB- , reasonable song management.The negatives : This thing is really small and the control system is rather clunky.The sound is n't really that good . Setting and environment changes have only marginal effects.The player is rather cheaply put together as well . After a week of moderate use , the headphone connection came loose inside the player itself . Result , the player still plays , but you ca n't hear anything.All in all , the SAMSUNG was an excersize in frustration . Alot of people are trying to get into the MP3 player market and this is just another example of a wannabe that looks good but really is n't . I ended up with a Nano . I 'm part of the ` pod ' , now.Sad , but you ca n't deny its a better built device .
 My company purchased 9 machines with this exact card in them 18 months ago . Today I finished replacing number 7 of the original nine . For the last 3 months we have lost one every other week . To top it off , these machines have never seen 1 game . They are being used SOLELY as a print server.STAY AWAY FROM THIS CARD , STAY FAR FAR AWAY !!!!!!
 This product is JUNK ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ! I received this item as ordered for a christmas gift for my grandmother . I thought it would be simple and easy for her to use . Instead , I could have done better buying a camera from a gumball machine ! This thing is horrible ! I could not even get it to take a single photo . I contacted the shipper and received no reply . I then went to Wal-Mart , bought another camera for grandma and threw this piece of crap in the trash ! Not even worth my time to send it back ! BEWARE of this item
 This camera didnt last more than a day , bought it for my 11year old daugter , she plugged it into computer to download pictures and the camera started smoking and will not turn back on !! It was a total waste of money , very dissapointed , just glad it didnt screw my computer up !!!
 I bought this camera as a christmas gift for my boyfriend . The camera takes wonderful pictures , but it only takes 3-4 pictures at a time before it needs new batteries . We bought a new box of brand name batteries thinking we just had some previously used batteries , but the same thing happened ! We even tried different brands , but nothing helped . Rechargable batteries were even worse . We are in the process of contacting the manufacturer to see what can be done about this problem.Bottom line
 It does n't come with any instructions . I have Windows 7 and the software that comes with it wo n't sync with the Palm . I have been trying to find out what kind of SD card I can use in it . The SD card I purchased wo n't register .
 I had Palm V before this . It lasted 3 years . This one lasted less than 3 months .
 Sorry . This device ai n't all that . The V was a breakthrough device and while Palm has gone a long way to improving the display , adding some smart features -LRB- instant clock thingie , vibrating alarm , etc. -RRB- , it just ca n't live up to its marketing . The OS does n't support the SD in any useful way , as do no applications . You do n't get more for your money , you just get disappointed . It 's faster and has better battery life , but come on -- the new iPaq device is a complete stunner and so is the Handspring Treo . What 's up in Santa Clara boys ?
 This Palm is not color screen . The screen is not bright enough . There is no bluetooth nor infrared , only cable . I 'm not very happy with this item .
 Adapter & Cradle design is extremely BAD !! There is NO protection against the end user error . The link of adapter & the cradle is poorly designed . If the user plugs in a little different voltage adapter , surprisingly which PALM cradle allows with no resistance or error , then your handheld is DEAD forever ! Irreparable !! It happened to me , by mistake I plugged in my scanner adapter which is different from the PALM adapter . When I plugged in the scanner adapter -LRB- again mistakenly late in the night -RRB- handheld did lit as if it was charging with a usual sign but to my dismay it was DEAD irreparably when I removed it from the cradle in the morning . Support guys at PALM at said they are `` helpless '' even though am within a 1yr limited warranty provided by the manufacturer.I strongly urge PALM has to come out with a design which protects the user from getting trapped into these kind of deadlock situations due to some minor mistakes . User error should be tolerated to some extent and flash with a some error message . I 'll never buy a PALM again .
 This product never worked properly , had limited functionality , and is n't even worth the discount price it 's now available at .
 Purchased from Amazon 2001 in Florida . My Palm m505 arrived shortly after I ordered it , however there was no stylus as advertised and the software was pirated from the original on a used CD in a dirty case - did you think I would n't notice the `` M505 driver '' handwritten across the CD in magic marker ? Also this Palm arrived dead as a doornail and had to be recharged . So nice of you to send the cradle you promised . Now I 'm off to buy a stylus and a manual , since the software contains nothing in the way of startup and care instructions for this thing .
 I ordered a PalmOne m500 as a Christmas gift for my wife . Upon opening the package we noticed that there was no charging/hot sync cradle . We tried to load the software but could not because the software did not recognize the Palm serial number we had to enter.I contacted the shipper , Action Packaged , Inc. for a return . They would not accept it back because it had been `` opened '' and it was over 10 days since purchase.Well , of course it had been opened ! How else can a customer find out that there is something wrong with the product ? As to the 10 day return requirement , it was a present purchased on Dec. 3 for opening on Dec. 25 . Be very cautious with this shippers `` guarantee . ''
 It was confusing and there were no instructions to be found . I usw it but wish I had eturned it for a full refund .
 Should have gave more thought to ordering this unit after reading other reviews . Unfortunately I got a dud and had to return it . Not going to try again ! Would not charge or power up .
 I bought this item for my fiance for his work with his club . As far as the handheld itself , it is just ok , however , I am supposed to be able to connect to my laptop to work on it as well and transfer data to the handheld , but that is what does not work . I have Windows 7 , and the two programs dont mesh . After some more research , I ended up buying an infrared so that the 2 will comminucate , but that does not work either . And the keyboard accessory that I also bought to go with it does not work either ... Will be returning EVERYTHING and getting a tablet ...
 Product was outdated but customer service was great . They repaired my old unit and sent me a credit for the difference .
 No cradle was provided with this product ; consequently , we could not sinc with the computer ! No cradle is available , and the company does not answer phone messages . Such a loss of money !
 This is a very nice unit ... a Vx with added storage capacity . At least it LOOKS like a Vx , but in fact Palm has changed it just enough so that the accessories and peripherals from the V-series do n't fit . Jackets , stylos , cradles , etc. will have to be bought new -LRB- some of which are only now coming out -RRB- . Worse -LRB- for me -RRB- ... I only discovered after buying it that the m500 series uses a -LRB- faster -RRB- USB cradle which does not work for Windows 95 or NT users . You have to buy an extra -LRB- slower -RRB- cable/cradle . This planned obsolescence is disappointing .
 Buyer Beware !!!! My unit no longer hot syncs either ! After getting 3 Refurbished units , one new 500 , one new cradle and HOURS on the phone to Palm , I found out there is an electrical static problem with this unit -LRB- and most of the other Palm products , except the new one -RRB- !!!! There is a `` patch '' that was just written but it is NOT a FIX . I FINALLY got a great technician -LRB- at the corporate office -RRB- that explained that the only way to fix it was to get a serial port cradle ...
 Bought this Palm 13 months ago and this weekend it stopped working . Customer service informed me that they are strictly enforcing their one year -LRB- or 365 days as it 's spelled out -RRB- warranty . They are more than willing to fix this unit for a whopping One Hundred dollars . Wow.Based on that and better products out there -LRB- also available from Amazon -RRB- I 've begun to research these better options.I would not recommend any of the palm line , unless you are willing to pay twice for it .
 I purchased refurbshed version of this PDA from one of the marketplace seller , and I thought it was a good deal . Well , , , I have to admit that the PDA itself is awesome -LRB- very thin , light weight , palm os , reasonable memory , expansion slot , etc -RRB- . However , the hotsync function suddenly failed after one and half of use . In my opinion , this pda does n't worth a thing without the hoysync - writing schedule directly from PDA is one of the most annoying things EVER ! ... P.S. those who are having the same problem , this might help . = >
 After researching the product for several months I decided to place my order with Amazon for the Palm M500 . There were several different options for me to order ... NEW , ALMOST NEW , USED ... ETC. . I would never have purchased any electronic products used so that is why I ordered NEW ! Well , when I received the product it was packaged inside a dirty used bubble wrap . The screen did not have the protective cover on it that a NEW Palm M500 would have had and it also had a sizable scratch on the screen . The packaging had a dirty used mailing envelope stuck on top of the product for protection . There was a DVD and and adaptor for the computer placed on the botton of the box . Nothing was packaged and definitely not what anyone in my workplace would consider to be anywhere near NEW . I contacted the company the product came from which is a company called GAMZI . The person I spoke with was Isreal . He seemed surprised when I told him of the situation and asked me to send the product back . I made a comment that I was not really ready to spend more money to send a product back that was advertised to be something it was not . He told me he would re-imburse me for the shipping cost which amounted to $ 5.85 and which I have yet to see . Soon after , I received a e-mail from Amazon saying they were going to refund my money , of course less the $ 9.95 I had to pay for shipping to me and no mention of the $ 5.85 refund I was suppose to get for retuning the product that was advertised to be something it was not . Bottom line is ... I ordered and payed for a new product . Everyone in my workplace also agreed that this was not a new product . I am now into paying 2 shipping cost and have no product . This Gamzi is a very misleading company . I steer away from buying anything over the internet and this is exactly why . Crooked companies taking advantage of people who they think they can take advantage of ... shame on them !
 I received the Palm m500 as a Christmas gift . Within 2 months it would n't hot sync . Technical services made me jump through all kinds of hoops to fix it including a regedit on my PC . I 'm now dealing with customer service hoping to get some resolution , so far no help . I 'm going to go up the chain to every supervisor . I have never in my life had such a bad product with such terrible support . I had the old Palm 3E which never gave me problems . Take my advice - STEER CLEAR . I 'll never buy a Palm product again . If I could give it negative stars I would .
 The touch screen on this thing caused problems after I had it a few months . Those problems became worse and worse until it is now virtually useless . Conveniently , it conked out on me almost at the same time the warranty expired . In my humble opinion , they have not got a handle on quality control issues . I am going to buy a Sony Clie and hope this one is reliable .
 I need a device to maintain appointments that is smaller than my laptop . That was the only reason I bought a used Palm M500 to determine if it met that need . There are three problems , all serious , that prevents the M500 from satisfying the task for which I bought it . The backlight is useless and I can not sync to my computer . I also bought a rollup keyboard that can not be used because of , I believe , there is a Windows 7 lack of compatibility . I am now investigating investing in an android phone as a schedule maintenance device . It would seem that the phone can do as much , or more than a PDA and cost less .
 Oddly enough , the product is now in the trash . After several unexplained blackouts the palm never kept any data stored more than 3-4 days and completely went blank on multiple occasions which wiped out all my data and appointments . DO NOT purchase the PalmOne m500 . All suppliers should pull them from the shelf . I have 3 other units fromk the past 2 years that shot craps as well so history has proven it 's self .
 This item was defective upon receipt . Followed the instructions to give a full charge of 4 hour minimum and the screen would not display properly . Upon request I have been sent a postage pre-paid return label and will be returning it for a full refund . Item indicates on back that it was `` Assembled in China '' . I still have a working M500 that I bought in 2001 and it was `` Assembled in USA '' . Do the math !
 The PalmOne m500 I purchased in Sept 2010 , has no backup due to it is way to old and out of date . I could not get this unit to work . Look out for older models .
 So much for this item - my original pda was a Palm m500 . I loved it ! But , after using it for several years , it crashed . I then went to a Tungsten E2 - nice machine , but that is no longer working . I decided to buy another Palm m500 as I di n't need all of the bells and whistles the the E2 had . Little did I know that I had to buy extras so that the 500 would sync to my computer . I purchased the recommended equipment and contacted the seller for further instructions . I was e-mailed the instructions for the ` newest software ' that would be compatible with my computer . I have followed the instructions to the letter . My pc appreciates the infrared da , accepts the palm software , but will not sync . I am frustrated and angry not only for the waste of money , but also my time .
 the palmone m500 will not sync on the Vista or Windows7 platform . They do n't tell you that here , you have to go to the Palm web site for that . Luckly I have a healthy XP system
 I really liked this machine when I got it , and I like it now -- when it works . The m500 is runs the programs I need it to run , is light and fits in my pocket , has a long battery life , and is expandable with SD memory cards.Unfortunately the m500 is so unreliable that I am selling it and buying another brand . My screen developed problems 2 months after buying the machine . That machine was replaced with a machine that developed a screen problem before I had the chance to ship the first one back . The next replacement worked for 4 months with a screen that worked moderately well , then completely died . It was replaced by a machine with a defective screen , which has been replaced yet again with a machine that will last who knows how long . All Palm can do is continue to send me bad replacements , which I do have to admit I get quickly . That 's about all Palm can do -- replace bad machines with more bad machines , as quickly and politely as possible without addressing the real problem.Please do yourself a favor and investigate the product further before buying an m500 . I have read reviews on other web sites and am definitely not the only one with this problem . One site shows the m500 with a 52 % negative rating for this machine based on 222 opinions , far worse than ratings any other PDA I 've seen . Many people who comment on problems seem to be having very similar problems to mine .
 the palm came in timely , the language was Japanese . It does not seem to want to charge up all the way .
 I think most of those who have given this palm a one star or who wish to give it a negative star have summed it up correctly . The palm does not consistently sync . After 1 year of use , mine was dead as a doornail unless it was attached to the charger . Hence , I 've not used it in a while.Does that mean it 's time to spend $ 40 on a battery ? Is it really worth it ? Not ! Mine 's in mint condition , and I 'll take what I can get for it on Ebay . Time for a reliable PDA .
 I purchased a Palm m500 from another retailer , and was unable to sync the unit to my pc . After several calls and 15 days , I was finally told by palm support that my unit was defective . They advised me to return it to the store for a replacement , or to send the unit and cradle to Palm for a replacement . The store no longer carried that product , and upon further investigation and direct questioning , tech support at Palm then revealed to me that I would only receive a refurbished unit from them . It would appear that there is a known problem with the Palm m500 , as Palm support has advised me they no longer make this unit , and all the stores that I have contacted will no longer be carrying this particular unit .
 I owned a terrific Palm V which I dropped and destroyed by accident . Then I bought an m500 . What a mistake . It has been nothing but problems.I had the same problems as everybody else with the USB cradle not Hotsynching . I tried resetting the handheld several times and eventually it came back on . But what a royal pain . Also , the battery has been a problem too . For two weeks I could n't get a charge to hold . Again , hard resetting it over an over helped.This device cost far too much to behave this way . Tech support was limited and not helpful . I wo n't buy another Palm device .
 My wife has a palm m500 that she likes , I have a palm m500 that works so inconsistently I am looking for something else . My wife 's will not sync with the computer , so I had the computer looked at and tuned up by the computer doctor . That did not help . We received a court document saying we could change out the sync modules , but we had to have the receipt proving we bought the palm . OF course , they had our warranty certification and address , but that was not good enough . Overall , My wife is decently happy with hers , but with all the problems we have had , I would never buy another Palm . Oh , the 90 day warranty is not too great either . I assume that the the Palm people have little trust in their product or they would offer a year warranty . I 'm sure the 25 dollars they charge for service after the 90 day warranty is a major profit center for them . After thinking about this some more , I not only wo n't buy from them , I hope they go out of business .
 I have been unable to install software to synchronize my m500 with my Intel-architecture PC that runs Windows Vista . Without synchronization , the device is not very useful .
 This product is not compatible with Vista or Windows 7 . Seller supplied link to use to set up with these OS but did not work . Would not have purchased it otherwise .
 This product is useless because there are no drivers for Windows 7 . Why would anyone sell a produt that cqannot be used with the current versions of Windows . I wish I had never purchased it or I wish I could find a driver that will work with 64 bit technology .
 Terrible time syncing with Outlook folders . No longer supported by Palm Tech support . What 's a fella to do . I have already purchased a Z22 to replace this one . I wish it weighed more so I sould use it as a boat anchor .
 The m500 Palms fail on sync . Tech support is of little or no help . They will send a used and repaired replacement for $ 40 if you bought it withen 90 days of failure . Mine lasted 14 day . Do n't buy a palm !
 Looking for some ` cheap ' electronic organizers , I came across this one . The floor model was on sale , so it made it a great deal . The software was not included and I was n't told that I needed software to make it work with my computer . The sales associate made it sound as the Palm would install the needed components on my computer . No where on the box did it mention a CD-ROM to install.With this lack of software , this thing is pretty much useless .
 Very disappointed to find no mail-in rebate enclosed for the free Palm M105 that was advertised to go with the M500
 I just received the Palm m500 a few days ago . I bought it as a gift for my mother . I 've downloaded the proper info , charged it , and now I 've spent over 30 min . trying to set the date and time . It should n't be this hard , but it wont read the stylus -LRB- which came with the set . -RRB- The unit just keeps beeping and beeping as if I 've done something wrong . Since I ca n't get it to work , how on earth is my mother ? This item will be returned as I can not get it to work . What a waste of time and money .
 The palm 500 may be good , I was replaceing my Z22 I really liked , but did n't want a new one . I have transitioned mostly to Blackberry , but wished to maintain my Palm data.At this point , I have not been able to get it to work in Windows 7 . 62 bucks down the tube .
 I bought my m500 Palm in May , 2002 . After about 6 months , it kept turning itself on and then the battery would die almost immediately , so I got the hard case for about $ 40 but that did n't cure the problem . I purchased their on-line help for another $ 40 . It was n't very helpful . Then it would n't perform a hot sync . They finally admitted that there was a problem that had to do with electrostatic discharge -LRB- ESD -RRB- . They sent me a card and complicated instructions for resetting the palm pilot . I thought that that took care of it but it all happened again
 If you 're looking for a B&W PalmOS based PDA , you should look at the Sony Clie PEG S360 . For a LOT less money , you get more memory , similiar slim form factor , and Documents to Go -LRB- Word , Powerpoint , Excel -RRB- for free . I 'm not quite sure what Palm was thinking when they priced this . Although a OS upgrade , this should be priced where a Vx is priced today ...
 Even though I took very careful care of my m500 , it was completely non-functional in 2 months . It 's replacement was also carefully cared for , and was dead in less than a month , as was my third Palm replacement . Through the ordeal , Palm support ranged from inept to hateful , and you can shoot me if I ever buy another Palm product . The device that is supposed to help keep me on track is way too important for this kind of shoddy quality .
 I have had to replace my M500 4 times since I purchased it less than 6 months ago . The electrostatic discharge problem , acknowledged on the Palm website as a design flaw , has not been remedied by the `` enhanced '' cradle . Most importantly Palm has not done the right thing , refund the cost or replace the PDA with a working alternative model . Terrible policy , terrible product . Caveat emptor and check out the Sony 's .
 The unit did not have a user 's manual and I ca n't find one on line so I still ca n't use the device . ergo no comment on its usefulness . The seller should have indicated no user 's manual included or provided a location where it can be obtained . Very disappointed with this purchase .
 I like the Palm Pilot but I am locked out & need a contact number or instruction manual to enter my password again.I returned the Palm Pilot to Mr.Sporn Israel with the promise that he would replace it with a new one if I mailed the one I could n't get to work.Now I am having a problem getting him to live up to that promise . I ordered a different from another company & would like a refund for the Palm 500 that I sent back to him .
 ITEM SHIPPED IS NOT LIKE SHOWN . CHARGER , INSTRUCTIONS MISSING.THE WORDS WRITTEN ARE ENOUGH , DO N'T NEED MORE WORDS TO DESCRIBE THE FRUSTRATION
 The display is very dark even with the backlight on . Otherwise , I am sure it is fine . I sent it back .
 This palm m500 has never even turned on . I tried to talk to a palm service rep but he barely spoke english and kept wanting me to upgrade to a more expensive model . I even bought a new battery for it . What an incredible waste of my money . I do n't ever plan on purchasing any other palm devices .
 Dont buy !!!!!! They stopped making this unit in 2006 . Call Palm and ask for your self.Phone
 This purchase was a total waste of money and time . And the 10-day turn around period for returning did not allow enough time to complete the many attempts with the Best Buy Geek squad as well as my own efforts to load the program onto my computer . We all really tried and it took a lot of time fitting in with a very busy work schedule.I am done with your services unless an extended return time can be offered/provided . Barbara McClamma
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY 18 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER , SHE LOVED IT BUT HAD TOSEND IT BACK BECAUSE IT WORKED TWO DAYS . I LIKE THE FEATURES BUTNOT SURE HOW LONG THE REPLACEMENT WILL LAST . THE SCREEN STOPPEDWORKING WITH THE STYLUS . BOUGHT THUMBOARD , WORKED ONE DAY AND QUIT .
 Carried me for almost ten years , with just a few crashes and technical problems and at reasonable expense . I bought a third at the end of the life of my second one and quickly realized that the technological world had passed the Palm Pilot by . It had always been a hassle to synchronize the device in its cradle , although it made me feel wonderfully productive when the process of `` synching '' noted all the additions , deletions and edits to my time and tasks.If all you want is an electronic calendar , with a good task tracker , this will suffice . But support and replacements will be progressively harder to come by and expect dismissive glances from Crackberry users .
 Never , never , never buy m500 or any other palm unit . If the unit gets cold below 45 - it does n't work ; if it should slip out of your hands to the seat of your car it does n't work . I called customer service and was told to send it back . 3 weeks later they say they still do not have it even though I have the tracking receipt which says they have had it for the last 2 weeks . The excuses - 1 . they have moved the repair center 2 . So many units coming back for repair can not repair fast enough 3 . Has only been 3 weeks most repairs take longer anyway 4 . No one working this week because of the holiday 5 . what do you expect me to do about it things take time.Poor product poor service buy from another company
 Bought this Palm found that you ca n't sygronize it with out cradle which is $ 50 more . . also the charging cable does ' t work well have to keep playing around with it to charge . Probably will be going back .
 The supplier of this products tells me that this is an old ad above . That it no longer comes with a hotsync cradle and you ca n't use it with 64 bit Vista . That none of the Palm products will work with 64 Vista if you have to use the connection cord so I had to send mine back although the supplier said he would credit my account thro Amazon , I am still out the postal fees both ways .
 I would like to see the stylus work more efficently on the screen . Many times must hit the screen more than once to get to the area required . A lot more work than previous product.Would not recommend to others .
 I purchased this item as a Christmas present back in September 2010 . I purchased it as a new item , but as others have also stated , when the recipient tried to use it , it did not come with any of the software that a new Palm would come with . Its software was dated 2001 and was not compatible with Windows Vista -LRB- though it did work with XP -RRB- . The docking station was broken right out of the box . It did not come with an operating manual.For those of you who got screwed over like me , I offer the following resources to see if you can rehabilitate your product.Here are the items the Palm should come with
 The device I ordered did not work . Rather than ordering a replacement , I went on line to look at reviews of similar Palm models . A number contained the same symptoms mine had , so I returned it to the seller . It was a discontinued model , so no surprise there.I was impressed with the attitude of the seller , who simply asked me to return the item and my refund was credited within 24 hours .
 There is no back light . I 'm not able to use several of the functions since it did not come with an owner 's manual . I tried the email address for help but got no response . It will not sync with my computer , though it says that it has . All in all , not too pleased with this purchase , which is odd since most items I purchase from Amazon.com have been great .
 If you are running Windows 7 , DO NOT PURCHASE this product . No support available as it is a product no longer supported by Palm . I have tried every resource I could find to resolve my Hot Sync issues with no luck . Really made a mistake by purchasing this item .
 This product , while useful , is a lemon . I 've owned 3 Palms -LRB- M105 , IIIxE , and this m500 -RRB- and have had problems with each of them . I had to send my 105 back ; used the replacement for a while until I got the 3xE , had to send that back after about 6 months ; after it completely broke , I went to the m500 . My first one worked fine for almost 8 months , then died . I sent it back , and the replacement died after three months . The replacement I have now -LRB- # 3 -RRB- requires a soft reset almost every time I hot synch , and will often reset itself as soon as I remove it from the cradle . I 'll be sending it back , and E-baying the replacement , as I have just bought a new Ipaq.Palm 's lousy quality control drove me away from a very nice product -- but I wo n't trust them again . No more Palms for me .
 The Palm m500 is too old to use with upgrated windows ' . Ca n't sync to your desktop to use any of the fectures or update between the two . I looked on the web and found there are no udates to help with the problem . I wish I would have know this before I brought this model.It realy is useless except to keep notes in . Very disappointed with this product 's performance . I ca n't beleave that with all the people who still have these older palm that are still working ca n't get any kind of support or help with updates when you update your laptop softwere . It was like throwing my money down the drain -LRB- which I do n't have -RRB- and know I have to look for a newer one.tjt
 One other reviewer on this site mentioned an ongoing problem with the hotsync cradle on this model . The cradle is not the problem ... it 's the Palm device itself . When working properly , the 500 series Palms are great little handhelds . The manufacturer has an ongoing quality control issue with units that fail to hotsync after anywhere from a few days to several months of use . In my particular case , it stopped working three days after I received it as a Christmas gift from my wife.I 've been to a number of forums where this problem has been discussed in detail . In some cases the hotsync failure has been attributed to software problems , but in the vast majority of cases an internal defect in the handheld has turned out to be the culprit . Palm 's `` fix '' for this problem is to send the consumer an `` enhanced '' model which in reality appears to be a factory refurbished unit . Although the company ships it at no cost to the consumer , the consumer is expected to bear the cost of returning the defective unit to Palm.Although other owners have knocked Palm 's customer support service , I can honestly say that my dealings with them have been quite good . These people are not to blame ; they 're only doing what their supervisors tell them to do . The fault here lies with a company that produced a defective product and is trying to get out of its responsibilities as cheaply as possible . I sold my Sony CLIE PEGS320 when my wife bought me the M500 , now I truly regret doing so .
 I read the reviews here about one and a half years ago to decide whether or not to buy this model - and the reviews were generally positive then so I bought one . However as you can see from the REVIEWS FROM MID 2003 ONWARDS - this is a bad machine - many people have had problems with it . I had the hotsync problem which peole are speaking about - this issue was brought to court in a class action by a lawyer in the US - but Palm refuses to recall this machine . I am also having what they call a digitizer problem - I have called the service line a number of times and now they want me to pay $ 140 - $ 198 to pay for it to be fixed or to get a `` as good as new '' replacement - repair could take up to 5 weeks . I have really lost faith in Palm - in my opinion this is a hopeless product - and I beg you to benefit from my loss and do not buy this machine . If you do buy this product buy an extra 5 years of warranty if your store has this option because I believe you will need it . I generally do not go out of my way to post a negative review but this product has got me so frustrated and dissapointed . -LRB- I wanted to give this zero stars but Amazon does n't allow you to do that . -RRB-
 The M500 is compact , attractively designed PDA with all the great Palm features . However , when it comes to reliability it is less than satisfactory . I bought my M500 in August 2001 and have had 3 replacement units since then and now the 4th replacment unit is failing . Palm Support -LRB- after you get by the $ ... / call threat -RRB- has been good , but who needs the inconvenience of the lost time while obtaining and setting up a replacement unit and the frustration of not being able to count on you PDA when you need it ? Problems have included locking up , screen turning cloudy , touch screen frequently losing allignment , and battery completely and mysteriously discharging right after recharge . It is also a challenge to initially set up Hotsynch with Windows XP.If the M500 was dependable , it would deserve 5 stars but based on the number of units I 've gone through , 2 stars is probably too generous .
 Disappointingly , I purchased this case , thinking it would last longer , as it was a hard case . After a month of use -LRB- carrying it in my messenger bag -RRB- , the paint is coming off the cheap plastic casing , and the case no longer snaps closed . I 'm incredibly disappointed and would tell anyone considering purchasing this product not to . I 'm forced to buy another case , as I threw away the receipt , thinking `` What could possibly go wrong with such a simple product ? '' I 've leared my lesson .
 This hard case is cheap , cheesy plastic with velco to fasten your PDA to the interior . It is inconceivable that this is a PalmOne product but the sad fact is that it is indeed . Avoid , avoid , avoid . I returned mine to the store from whence it came and the return was accepted despite the opened bubble pack .
 I also have problems with the paint coming off the case . Also , the case is really intended for the Zire 21 , where the power cable and the USB connection are off the top edge of the PDA
 This case is poorly designed . The Zire 72 supports MP3 but the only way to use that with this case is either to open the case or to drill a hole in the top to insert the headphone jack.There are no holes for charging or synching . You have to remove the unit from the case.The case has adhesive velcro to attach the device to the case . You have to cut it in two before you install it so the serial number is visible.All in all , this appears to be a cheap third party case that is sold under the brand name .
 Initially , the Iomega CD-RW/DVD-ROM + 7-IN-1 seems to be a deal for its price . But once you get it out of its package trouble begins . While it offers compatibility with Mac OS X according to the packaging , it is not compatible with the system , and despite numerous attempts to get it to work properly , all I could do is burn CD-RW and not watch DVD 's unless they were ripped onto the harddrive.As it is USB interface , it is slow , very slow.In addition , I own several flash cards of various sizes and not a single one would fit in any of the card ports this drive offers.If you are a pc user , then you might get it . If you are a Macintosh user , you would be better off buying a firewire based drive that is more compatiable and much more fast .
 I ca n't believe HP has fallen this low , It use to be , they had the best quality products in the market , this Jornada , is just a piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- . The main problem is that if you ever step out of your office -LRB- and mobile computers are suposed to serve this purpose -RRB- you will not see a thing , ZERO ! in the cheap display ; I mean ZERO . Then , the little cover for the card , which is so delicate and wrongly positioned , it is bound for breakage in less than a month after you buy it ; Then you get a customer service that is totally worthless , unpolite , endless voice mail messages , etc. . . Need I go on ? , I hope Pilot comes up with this technology soon , it will be a good machine , forget HP , I went back to Palm Vx .
 dont know how to work it there is no instructions how do i get connected to the internet with it ?????? etc
 It was n't until I received my Jordana 525 that I realized that it could n't synchronize with Lotus Notes . Lotus notes us nearly ubiquitous in business and is universally used in my company of @ 60,000 employees . Without this synchronicity , the product is nearly useless . HP did n't help much with recommendations for third-party solutions -- although I hear they exist . I did n't want to take the risk of trying any , so I sent the Jordana packing.Other problems
 Beware ! This is not the deal it appears to be . The 525 is an older model . It does not accomodate the vast majority of e-books retailed by -LSB- Amazon.com -RSB- which require Microsoft Reader 2.0 . Handango , the software provider of MS Reader has no plans to accomodate these older models.ActiveSync 3.5 , the much touted , much more stable sync software will not run on my ONE-year-old Gateway/Win Me system -LRB- Pentium III , 128 mg RAM -RRB- , so I 'm left with 3.1 . Not sure if this is the reason why , but MP3 files will not download to my handheld without disrupting the sync function ... meaning uninstalling , unplugging , restarting , reinstalling , etc. , etc. , etc. . A lot of my time was wasted trying to download MP3 files and I 'm afraid to even try the Audible.com `` deal '' that comes with this gadget.The buyer of this device is left with a color palm device that will sync with your Outlook calendar , contacts , email , etc. , but does n't deliver on the `` bells and whistles '' that appear in this -LSB- Amazon.com -RSB- ad .
 Do n't get this one . It is the old model and is not upgradeable to the new Microsoft Pocket PC 2002 . Unless you just want to use this as an electronic address book get the new 560 series .
 One of the wires was n't soldered to the battery . Unfortunately , even after soldering it the battery was n't charging .
 I replaced my old battery with the `` new '' one , which lasted aproximately 1 month . So , they either sent me an old battery or a defective one . In any case I 'm not buying anything else from that store .
 I bought this lamp in the floor model version . I was not able to assemble because of a missing part that was supposed to be permanently installed . Full Spectrum Solutions would only send me a replacement . Otherwise I would have to pay for shipping back to them . I did not like the quality of the lamp AND it was flawed - not my fault.So ... the smart thing to do was let them send me a replacement . Then they have to pay for my shipping to them and their shipping the new one out to me . Ha ! There went their profit.Even if the missing piece was there , the assemblage is awful - stuffing the wires up into the lamp - hardly enough room for them - then screwing cheap plastic to cheap plastic . I expected more for that price . Have not been able to turn it on yet . I will followup when I receive the replacement - provided I can even screw it together.Check out other brands - there is competition out there .
 First of all , the bulb did not fit snuggly in the socket and flickered off the minute you adjusted the lamp.Secondly , the blue max bulb is a profoundly depressing light . I 've had the SADellite product for years , and it really does make you feel like you 're in a sunny place . This felt like moonlight.I bought directly from Full Spectrum , and it was one of two products that I 've bought in my life that I wanted to return immediately . Unfortunately , they did n't reimburse for my shipping .
 I was very hopeful of this product.Read its description on the manufacturer 's website carefully.I was therefore quite surprised to see when I took it out ofthe box that the light is fluorescent.My eyes are very sensitive to fluorescent light -LRB- which flashes at a rapid rate rather than shine continuouslyas regular lights do -RRB- . Nonetheless I give this light a go for an hour or so , and sure enoughmy eyes are now exhausted.Shipping back tomorrow : -LRB-
 After paying a lot of money for this product , I was expecting something nice . I sure was disappointed ! What a piece of crap!First off , the lamp is mediocre at best . Yes , it gets bright enough to read with but that is where it stops . The lampost is very cheaply made of two pieces held together with a poorly designed plastic insert . I came home after vacation and the lampost had collapsed at the plastic junction . OK - Lifetime Warranty - I should be OK here ... Secondly , the company advertises a `` lifetime warranty '' . That turns out to be a joke . The company offered to sell me another lamp with a 10 % disount!Thirdly - angela@fullspectrumsolutions.com simply states that there is no warrany on this lamp despite the claim on their website it has a ` lifetime warranty ' . Now , you got me once when I bought something with a lifetime warranty . Now you want me to pay for another one because the first on fell apart ? This company does not deserve to sell things on AMAZON!Please think seriously before buying a product from FullSpectrumSolutions . You will be disappointed !
 Bought the floor lamp three years ago . Should have read the policy more closely . I have to return the product at my expense . I have to find a box to fit this very large lamp . The burden is on me . It is there in black and white , their policy . But I did n't expect to have a problem with a lamp ... after all we have lamps that are 30 years old and no problems . Do I like the lamp . . yes . Do I like the service ... no . Full Spectrum Solutions could do better than this .
 I had been searching for a full spectrum light for a while . This lamp appeared to be the only one on the market that provided true , full spectrum lighting . I have had it for approximately 4 years and have had to return it for repair 3 different times -LRB- or request replacement parts -RRB- . This time , I talked with Customer Service before returning the lamp -- she told me to send it in , it would only cost $ 9 or so to ship , they would fix it and return it . What she MEANT was that I should take the lamp apart and send only the ballast , as if I would know that is in fact the part that is broken . The lamp itself cost $ 60 to ship . I thought , well , she was off with the $ 9 estimate , and although I realized what she must have meant , I wanted to make sure the right part of the lamp was fixed vs. sending this part and that part . After sending it , 1.5 months passed and I had n't heard from anyone . I finally called , and the box had been sitting in a receiving area because it did n't have the right paper on the outside of the box . Then I was told they would fix it and contact me for return shipping . WHAT ? I had several email conversations prior to sending the lamp . No mention of this policy . And I know I did n't pay for return shipping the prior times -LRB- ballast only those times -RRB- . Anyway , after I complained , they agreed to waive the return shipping for this repair , but 2.5 months later , I still have no lamp back.I would NOT recommend buying a lamp from this company , unless you 're ok with using it for only a year or two .
 Do not buy , this item is a pain to use and it does not work , poor customer support , I guarantee you will waist your money ... I tried to use it 100 times in the past year , and only worked once , its super complicated , start the software with scanner unplugged , shut computer down , plug scanner , start computer , start software change some setting again ... I wish I never purchased this I waisted $ 90 ...
 This product arrived with zero instuctions in the package , only a serial number card and cd with dubious software . I destroyed my motherboard before the intructions were retrieved from the Ratoc Systems Website . I think that this could be a useful product if it was accompanied by good instructions .
 With a full charge it does not last more than 10min , could not take more than more 15 pics in my camera Canon Pro1 . The original battery works well more than 250 pics on each charge . Initially I thought this problem was because it was new battery but after several cycles it does not work at all . I 'll try to get a refund and check their customer service too .
 The battery sent was an old tech 1300 mAh unit . It did n't hold up to the capacity of the stock BP-511A battery shipped with either 30D I own . Not close at all . I suspect that with a battery grip using two units , it would do fine in the end , but I just do n't trust them.Calcellular advertises on this page , and they claimed to offer 1500 mAh batteries with Japanese top quality cells for a few pennies less than nine Dollars each . Since I was looking for a quality replacement battery anyway , I thought that it would be worth throwing away a few more Dollars to test this product . It is exactly as advertised . It has higher capacity than the stock BP-511A Canon pack , costs only a few Dollars , and is built to identical standards as the Canon pack -LRB- as far as the eye , and a month or two of heavy testing can tell -RRB- . I now own four of the Calcellular BP-511A packs , and two of their cheap chargers . I rotate use with my stock Canon packs , and have never had a problem , nor can I tell any difference between the them other than the greater capacity of the Calcellular packs.I also bought a ` brick ' of 24 inexpensive AA 2500 mAh NiMh batteries from them for flash units , and household appliances , and they also perform as well as advertised . There are bargains out there . Just shop carefully .
 Do n't purchase this if you 're expecting to get a 1500 mAh Power2000 ACD-674 battery . They sent a 1300 mAh Digicom battery instead .
 I am so glad that I went to the store before I bought this item . Currently , I have the PALM IIIC and I like it a lot . The only option that I wish it had was an expansion slot like the Visor products . Along comes the M505 solving the expansion slot problem and I really wanted to trade up . I went Best Buy to get a demo and let me tell you , the screen is awful . It is very dim and even with the backlight on , it does n't compare to the IIIC . Save your money . I opted for the Visor Prism instead .
 PalmOne m505 Color HandheldI have owned and used my Palm M505 for several years . It has occasionally glitched and had to be erased , reset and had all of the data reloaded . While this is a great annoyance it is not the end of the world if you have your data backed up on your computer . The unit is not at all outstanding , but is functional and works reasonably well . What does n't work , at least for me , is the extraordinarily POOR support from tech or customer service . Heaven help you WHEN you have a problem out of warranty . I have always been treated extremely rudely every time I have had any contact with Palm . Any tech support you receive will cost you a lot of money , and I have always gotten the feeling that their system was set up to insure that this is exactly what will happen to you . I gave this product one star because there was n't any lower rating I could give . In all fairness , the unit itself does n't rate just one star , -LRB- maybe 2-3 -RRB- but given that you will have to deal with customer service or tech at some point , there is no rating I know of that adequately expresses my disdain for their abysmally poor customer treatment . I will NEVER buy another one of their products . There are a lot of good alternatives with customer service and tech that are MUCH better .
 The unit appeared to work fine but the screen just is not bright enough to do any work with . I returned it to the vendor and he is in the process of swapping it with a unit from another manufacturer .
 Do n't buy this if you plan to use it to send e-mail and view web clipping apps `` on the go , '' as Palm is advertising . You ca n't hook it up to a web unless you buy a special modem that still must be connected via landline , so , if you are used to DSL speed or wireless phones , it 's pretty dumb . You can use it with a special kind of infrared mobile phone and mobile phone modem -LRB- Ericcson makes one -RRB- , but that makes for an awfully lot of stuff to carry around all the time ; besides , you can get a text-enabled phone for much cheaper than a Palm and send e-mail that way . I do n't think they should be calling it `` internet ready '' on the box , when it 's not at all . If you are near a landline phone , that usually means that you are near a computer.I 'm disappointed with mine overall -LRB- ca n't you tell ? -RRB- . It seems like a glorified address book . I would n't recommend it . Maybe someone will come out with a cheap wireless modem for it , and then , it would be fine . But I would wait .
 I 've waited for a month with great anticipation of upgrading my Palm to the new Palm M505 . I picked it up today and what a disappointment !! The screen is so dark and muted it is more difficult to see than my current monochrome screen . The styling is great and up to now I have been loyal to Palm , but I 'm taking the M505 back today and buying a Handspring Visor .
 I can not believe that a company like Palm would let this happen . I have owned others -LRB- III & V -RRB- which work fine . The problem with the m505 is that the buttons below the screen -LRB- calendar , phone , etc -RRB- are not recessed , so when you close the cover with the slightest pressure , the buttons get pressed , the Palm gets turned on again . Once it is on any pressure on the scroll key keeps it running -LRB- you can hear it clicking away -RRB- and in no time the battery is dead.I got one for a friend who spent hours entering his 200 names & addresses etc while we were on a trip . Then he recharged it , put it in his suitcase and one week later when he opened it up again the battery was dead and all the memory had been erased . Totally unacceptable ! I think the whole m505 line should be recalled .
 I have used Palm for several years having beenn disappointed by the demise of the Apple Newton . My palm V and then my palm 111C worked for me flawlessly . I have now `` upgraded '' to the Palm m505 and have just sent in my third return . Not one of my new palm m505 has synchronized properly . One of them did n't even go on right out of the box . My brother also bought a m505 also and he has just sent for a replacement , having experienced similar problems . The color is also disappointing and pails in comparison to the color of the 111c . If my next exchange is also deffective I will ask for a refund , and think about an alternative product .
 I can only rate the screen as -LSB- terrible -RSB- ... to call this dull display color is a joke . Where 's the contrast adjustment , do n't bother - there is n't one ! I ca n't believe anyone is building their ` flagship ' PDA without either built in wireless or a PCMCIA slot to add a wireless modem . The ` mobile Internet ' option does n't count - dragging around a data ready cell phone with a connecting cable is not ` wireless ' . They better improve with the v 5.0 OS and upcoming models ... or they 're done . By the way the incompatible cradle data connector is one more bad move .
 As a long time , loyal Palm user I was so disappointed with the color screen on the 505 that I returned it ! I own a V and a IIIc , my 11 year old son has a 100 and a VIIx , and I can not believe Palm actually introduced this product ! The screen is unreadable in my office or home under flourescent or incandescent lighting , even with the sidelight on . I have ordered a Sony Clie 710 and will see if their promotional photography is more true to form ! If you want a new design Palm , go for the 500 , or get a IIIc . Avoid the 505 , you will be very unhappy ! Note to Palm
 I own this thing for a year . After first 3 mo of usage it stopped hotsynching . Well , my Palm had a warranty , so I received a new `` refurbished '' unit . It worked for about 10 months , then I had this problem again . Had to change USB to a different cradle . It worked for a month , and then my PDA died all together . It will not start no matter what ! Needless to say , I lost all the data , and as a small business owner , it was a major problem for me . STAY AWAY FROM THIS THING !
 If you are debating between a Pocket PC and a PALM the Pocket PC wins hands down . We have both in our household and the advantages of the Pocket PC are many . For example , go to your local retailer and try out the handwriting recognition . The Pocket PC 's is almost flawless and does not require anything other than gradeschool letters . The special characters for ordinary letters required by the PALM often do n't work and the screen always seems to need to be realigned . You do n't need to use an extra stroke for numbers or capitals on the Pocket PC . And word compleation is a real timesaver over the PALM . The calander is much easier to read and the display looks much more professional . There is a great deal more functionality , with the ability to read and create Word and Excel documents . Games are better as well.And if you have a Palm and run out of battery , LOOK OUT . If you did n't sync recently , you may lose everything , which just happened with our household PALM !
 The display is more disappointing than reviews mention . You will think it is monochrome instead of color when you see or use it .
 Do not buy this product . HotSync problem due to electrostatic discharge . Shoddy help . I lost my back-up file on my PC after they suggested I uninstall the software -LRB- and uninstalled my personal data -RRB- . This ESD problem is not easily fixable and they will not simply replace your handheld . Would stay away from Palm . I am going to get a PocketPC .
 I was ready to fall in love with the Palm m505 , but they blew it . I 've been a devoted Palm user for 5 years and got the m505 to replace my aging Palm IIIc . The m505 has ALMOST everything I want
 I am a huge Palm fan and use my VX religiously . But ... this product is a disaster . The so-called color screen is so dull and lifeless that I could n't tell that most screens were in color at all . I ordered the game and travel cards . The game card did not work at all . The travel card contained next to no useful information . Just an awful product .
 This is the fifth palm I 've owned in about as many years - I 'm an early adopter and want the newest of everything as soon as it comes out . I 'm contemplating some Windows CE device now . I like to show my new toys off , I 'll keep this one hidden.Complaints
 As an owner of a Palm IIIx , then a Palm IIIc , I secretly lusted for the compact size of the Palm Vx . I knew one day the color would be combined with the small size of the Palm Vx . I pre-ordered this device months in advance . I was thrilled when it finally arrived ! When I turned it on , I was confused . Was it defective ? The color screen is bad , grey and faded , hard to read even with the backlight on . I read that this is the way Palm meant it to be -- are they serious ? -LRB- Reminds me of `` Pee Wee 's Big Adventure '' , when he fell off his bike in front of a group of laughing kids , and said `` I meant to do that ! '' Yeah , right ! -RRB- If you want a color Palm , stick to the IIIc , or better yet check out HandSpring , new color Sony Clie , or Windows CE . At least you wo n't lose your eyesight trying to read it.By the way , this week I had an unpleasant experience with Palm , Inc. , to repair a defective Palm . As of mid-May 2001 , customers have to pay $ 20 to return the device for repairs on factory defects . If you ca n't do without a Palm while it is being repaired , -LRB- duh ! -RRB- Palm will send you an `` fully factory refurbished '' exchange for $ 25 . That 's ONLY for the Palm M series . For the poor Palm III series owner , you can only send it back for repair , pay $ 20 , AND pay for the postage ! Then wait until it is fixed and returned . Do n't throw out that paper organizer yet!Changing the warranty after you buy it ? Is it legal ? I would sue my automobile maker if they tried a stunt like that .
 I usually never write reviews of products , but I felt compelled to this time . First , I am very disappointed at the quality of the color screen . Unless the back light is turned on , it looks very much like a monochrome screen . Even the resolution is unchanged from the Palm V . There is really no excuse for the customer to tolerate this , with new products around the corner from Sony with beautiful higher resolution screens . Second , the are few advantages over the palm V model , with those being the ability to expand the memory , and mobile connectivity . These two things hardly justify the heafty price . One would think that at the steep price ... the unit would at least come with some additional memory over the palm V , but no , it only comes with 8 meg , anything more will cost still more $ $ $ . In another attempt to soak the consumer , all mobile consnectivity costs extra . The modem is another $ 100 , and there is monthly fee for mobile service . I do n't expect the moblie service to be free , but ... I do expect the harware that is needed to use this service to be included . To add insult to injury , my unit was not functional when I received it , it was unable to receive a charge from the cradle . When I called tech support they said that they had heard of this problem with other units ; so customers be warned . In summary , this product seems largely unchanged from the Palm V , with a few additional capabilities that are available if you wish to shell out even more money above the already inflated price . Just be aware , that even if you are willing to do this , you may still wind up with the hassle of having to return your defective product , and patiently wait for a replacement .
 When I go through Amazon.com to read reviews , I always ignore the 5-star reviews and go straight to the 1 to 2-star reviews . I already know what &#65533; s good about the product , that &#65533; s what commercials and tech specs from the manufacturers are for . I wan na see what people DON &#65533; T like about the product . To see if many people notice and dislike the same things , and decide if the suggested Cons are enough to turn me away.I gave this product a 1-star in hopes of getting your attention so that you would READ MY REVIEW . In actuality , I give the palm m505 FIVE STARS ! Check out my breakdown below : Screen &#65533; Many people have been complaining about the dim screen . It &#65533; s NOT THAT BAD ! The screen is a little dim , but under normal lighting conditions , it &#65533; s very acceptable . And if you &#65533; re ever in the dark , turn on the Backlight and your whole screen lights up , including the graffiti area !!! Also , the screen doesn &#65533; t become inverted like on the older Black and White screens ! It stays true to the colors and looks amazing . This screen is 16-bits , which means it can show , at any given moment , 65,000 colors simultaneously ! That &#65533; s better than the newly released Gameboy Advance by Nintendo!Battery &#65533; Lasts ! After about 60 hours of regular use , my battery didn &#65533; t even go below the halfway mark . It charges fast and maintains the charge much better than the Vx &#65533; s Lithium Ion battery . Palm also states in their user &#65533; s manual that even if you let your palm drain to the point that you can &#65533; t operate it anymore , it still holds enough of a charge to keep all of your stored information alive for over a week ! 4.0 Operating System &#65533; on the surface , the new OS looks about the same as the preceding 3.5 . But the best feature so far about the new 4.0 OS is the ability to use the Graffiti Area and on-screen Keyboard at the same time ! I love that about this palm over my old Vx.Pen &#65533; the Vx &#65533; s pen was a piece of light ... plastic . The Stylus for the 505 feels a little heavier , since it &#65533; s basically two plastic ends screwed into a solid metal shaft . Much better feel.Size &#65533; Small and sleek ! Fits in the palm of your hand better than any older Palm . It &#65533; s about the same size as the V-Series , but sides on this one are a little more curved inwards making it just a little more comfortable to hold.Chip &#65533; I haven &#65533; t used the new expansion card feature yet , but I &#65533; ve heard tell about Palm announcing the release of a Modem due to come out next year . Just another addition to the growing wireless revolution . You can bet that I &#65533; ll be buying one when it &#65533; s released!Hot Sync &#65533; the Hot Sync cradle for the 505 has it &#65533; s pros and cons . Pros
 I got this model for myself because at the time , it was the best model available . It worked really well for quite a while , and I even told my dad to get it for my mom for Christmas . So far , she has had no problems -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . Mine bit the dust earlier this year after over a year of problem-free functioning . It just quit syncing . Nothing changed at all . It just stopped syncing one day . I went through numerous attempts to solve the issue through email technical support with Palm . Nothing worked . I did n't want to call them because I did n't want to spend money on tech support . Turns out they wo n't charge you because they know there is a problem with the unit ! They sent me a reset card which did n't help . I called them again and they were going to make me jump through more hoops . I pulled out the attitude and said NO WAY . They finally agreed to take the unit back for repair . They turned around the unit quickly and it was fine for a couple months , and it just quit on me again . They are obviously having VERY serious issues with this model , and I feel as if I have suggested a time bomb for my mother . It 's not worth the hassle to get this Palm . I do n't know if all Palms are this problematic , but I would avoid any Palm model that begins with a `` 5 . '' I 'm sure they are all duds , and once you begin to rely on a PDA there is nothing , and I mean NOTHING more bothersome than having to go through these issues . You are left without a PDA for who-knows-how-long and you feel vulnerable . It 's just not worth it .
 I did not research this one because I was happy with my previous palms . The screen in the ads has the night light lite so it appears to have backlighting which is does not . You have to have direct light to see the screen.You can use the light to make up for the darkness but it runs the battery down quick.To add to my sting . The m515 came out 3 weeks after I bought it.I will probably get a Clie or a Handspring the next time ...
 Palm is not posting facts about the m505 . The m505 can at times develop a hotsync problem . Users who get replacement devices have limited success with them . I received a replacement device today and the hotsync did not work . Palm has not FAQ 's on their web site addressing the problem and generally seem to want to cover it up . Not every one has these problems but more people have them then should.With having Palm cover up these issues , and the only resolution being to use a serial cradle for slower syncing why would you want to buy one?When the device works it 's pretty good , a semi-fast processor , back-light is a bit weak , battery life is good . But remember the potential you have for future problems .
 I received my m505 as a birthday gift , replacing my broken but beloved Palm IIIx , so I hate to criticize something that was free . However , I am mad that a loved one paid more ... for this gift.I realized what a disappointment the device was before I even did my first HotSync . The cheap stylus , which is hard to remove from the handheld and has no weight for writing , was the first tip-off . It seems like a small thing , but the stylus is the primary tool for using the handheld , so it really makes a difference . I hurt my fingers trying to get it out of the side slot and it has n't gotten any easier to remove with time . Also , my old styluses , which are much nicer , do n't fit into the side slot so I ca n't use them unless I carry them around somewhere else.And what use will I ever have for an expansion slot ? The cards seem like a useless gimmick to me , with the possible exception of using a card to back up files when away from your desktop . For me , that 's hardly ever.I also do n't need more space . Even as a busy journalist with lots of notes and records , I have n't used half of what is available . Moreover
 I too have owned several palms and frankly I am quite disappointed . Considering the availability of other Palm OS and Windows CE PDAs , I am surprised Palm even bothered coming out with this one . It lacks so many features that other models on the market have had for a while now . As mentioned above , the quality of the color screen is probably THE biggest disappointment . Also , the lack of compatability with older international kits etc is a big bummer . I too will most likely be shifting to a Windows CE PDA after this one unless Palm gets their act together.Memory is a factor but the expansion slot meant nothing to me ...
 I checked out the m505 in the store first . When I saw the color , it took about 5 seconds to purchase the m500 . There is no comparison with the screen . The m500 is MUCH clearer than the m505 . I needed a screen I could look at quickly , since I do so much with my Palm . I did n't have the time to turn on the backlight -LRB- which still is n't bright enough -RRB- and take a hard look at the simplist of text . The m500 is rated 5 stars , easy . The m505 is 2 stars . The screen means that much to me . This is why the active matrix screens on laptops are so much more popular than the dual-scans . They 're worth the extra money . Palm needs to discontinue this or go back to the lab with this one .
 The Palm 505 is a great PDA , but the color , the brightness and the contrast needs a lot of work . The 505 is just like any other palm , versatile , useful and all and it really is a good Palm except for the screen which is half the reason why you buy a unit ! I ca n't help but compare the 505 with the 3C ... they are worlds apart . Why ca n't palm put 3C 's screen on a 505 ? THe 515 is better , but not that much better . I suggest you wait until Palm comes out with a better screen .
 In the race to be the first to have the thinnest vibrant color handheld palm has failed miserably ! Palm should recall this product . If you can live without color try the m500 instead .
 I 've owned the m505 and I was disapointed by the backlight on the display being so dim . I use to use my Casio E125 as a flashlight -LRB- limited to 4-5 ft -RRB- in the dark . The software bundle is pale at best and the unit itself is too light -LRB- you cant tell if you have it with you or not -RRB- . As far as the SD slot is concerned its a complete waste of time and palm should concentrate on the `` standard '' expandable slot on the bottom and making addons or sleeves for it .
 The color screen on this is reflective -- meaning in direct sunlight it looks monochrome . Very dim in office light , or semi-darkness . So if you are using your PDA mostly indoors or want something comfortable to read go with the m500 as it is excellent in all lighting conditions.Big drawback
 The M505 is the absolute worst ! After three mo. , of good service , it develops a static electricity problem w / hotsync . -LRB- no Hot sync ability -RRB- Support gave me a 6 week runaround and then finally admitted that it was/is a chronic problem . I had to wait 5 weeks to get a replacement -LRB- . . `` did n't have a used unit to replace my 4 mo.old NEW unit !!!!!!!! -RRB- Total B.S. ! Finally , I received replacement unit that was scratched ... 1 week later I receive a new one but the stylus wo n't stay in place ... Said that it also was a manufacturing defect . 2 weeks later I receive a new one . It syncs and freezes ... 4th replacement I received is again new ... it works fine until -LRB- by accident -RRB- the power button is depressed and held `` on '' in my brief case and twice in my coat jacket . Power light button remains illuminated , no display , no function , requires HARD RESET . Lost ALL Info . This was particularly bad while traveling overseas and no access to my sync PC.to retreive the data . Lost all my addresses , tel , info . A bad situation on a business trip.RUN AWAY FROM THIS ONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought my Palm m505 in Sept. 2001 , now it is less than 5 months later and I have experienced the Hot Sync problems everyone else is talking about . When I contacted Palm , they said they know about the defect and have corrected it , but in the meantime , I spent $ 478 for a NEW palm pilot that DOES N'T work and the only thing Palm will do for me is send me -LRB- at my cost of $ 25 -RRB- a REFURBISHED replacement . Seems like someone is getting a good deal here , and it 's not me . I will never buy a Palm product again . Additionally , the color screen is terrible without the backlight on . I am sorely disappointed .
 I got my Palm m505 , and the screen is VERY YELLOW , VERY DIM , and of the poorest quality I have seen . They claim it has more colors than the IIIC , but they fail to mention ALL the colors are based off greyish yellow . There is no white in the display . Palm Technical support was of little help . They claim there is a manufacturing problem , but all the editorial claim the display is dim . I suggest looking at one in the store before buying . If not , you may be very upset with what you get . I have heard of too many people who got one with a bad display .
 I owned one for a day . The touch screen kept getting false readings until I had to reset . The display at the store seemed to have the same problem . The cradle makes an loud crack when you remove it and as we all know the color screen is n't that impressive to begin with.My wife 's Palm Vx is a high quality device . The M505 I purchased is not . I do n't know if it a quality control issue or poor design , but this is not a product I would recomend for anyone .
 Palm 's m505 just ca n't get started due to the poor color screen . In fact for most of my brief encounter I was convinced that the screen was turned off . It really is a shame that Palm chose such a poor performing screen for their product . Maybe next year they will have a better screen .
 This screen with the 505 is absolutly terrible . I can not look past the grid lines to even see the pixels . I get dizzy . Stay with the monochrome and you will not regret it . I am returning mine tomorrow for a Vx!The pictures on this web site does not show how bad the screen is .
 I 've been a long time palm enthusiast . Had a professional and then a Vx . The m505 has all the utility of the Palm Vx but the screen is horrible . I could barley see it without the backlight engaged . I 'm returning it and going to upgrade to the IPAQ . I suggest you to the same ...
 I have had my partner 's palm 505 replaced for 3 times now . The latest problem is with its battery.I 've had two other palms a V and IIIc which both do n't have any problems and still are going strong.The 505 is a disaster ! It deserves a recall or a class suit . It has caused us sleepless nights thinking how to recover lost data .
 I am the Palm Specialist for a large hospital . When the Palm m505 first came out , one of our MD 's bought one . From the get-go it had hardware problems and , in the end , we warranty-replaced it four times for different hardware problems -LRB- a bad screen , a bad power button , no hotsyncing through the cradle , etc -RRB- . Since then , two other MD 's got m505 's and both of them have had the hardware go bad -LRB- hotsync hardware problems both times -RRB- and they recently got warranty replacements . Palm Desktop 4.0.1 was used in each case , which had a fix for m505 USB syncing , but that did not help our situation . We now have a policy that Palm m505 's and m500 's are discouraged . -LRB- There is an m500 that has given us glitches with Hotsyncing upon occasion , although it has not completely died yet -RRB- . I recommend the Sony Clie T615 for the Color Palm OS option .
 Palm has acknowledged that a problem exists with static destroying the ability to hotsync via USB . Palm replaces the M505 and original cradle whenever this occurs , but has not yet been able to fix the problem . Of course , you , the consumer , will bear the cost of shipping the defective unit back to Palm and the inconvenience of being without it for any number of days -LRB- turnover is now 5 days -RRB- . I am now on my third M505 . The last one worked for less than three weeks.Apart from this major annoyance , the screen is dim , and Palm support is woefully inadequate . Franky , I hope it goes bankrupt soon so a real company like Handspring can purchase the intellectual property and make a go of it . I 'm done with Palm . BTW , I 've owned Palm devices since 1990 , and had been a dedicated fan ! No more .
 If you 're a person who needs a PDA to keep your schedules , notes , do calculations , etc. . . This unit is not for you . All you have to do is get the cheapest PDA , I recommend PALM for your simple needs , and use it . Also , for color PDAs , I suggest gettin a Pocket PC , possibly a Philips , Compaq , or HP brand .
 Really what was palm thinking ... I have long been a user of the Palm V. I had such great hopes for this new Palm , but I really think Palm missed the boat.The colour is a joke . The coulour in the Palm III colour is much better . You have to hold this device in bright light to even see the colour . It is also so grainy that the photo it comes with looks horrible.Another area that I am really disappointed in was the display size . It has not changed . 160 * 160 has its problem especially if you are trying to read long contracts or Asian languages . In the ever growing market of hand helds this is just no longer competitive , just look at the new colour Sony Clie 320 x 320 pixels.I also feel that the memory expansion slot is a joke . They removed the second slot . The second slot even still appears on there website . Without the second slot the long awaited MP3 player option becomes a joke . Since where are you going to store your media if the first slot has the software.The only plus is that it is still small and would fit in my LV case.Bottom line I am keeping my Palm V and waiting for the Sony Colour Clie . Hope Palm gets its act together . It is hard for me to say this since I love my Palm V so much .
 I have been a staunch supporter of Palm products ever since I got my Palm III a few years ago . I told anyone I could that this product was the best thing since sliced bread . I 've since upgraded to the Vx and purchased several Palms as gifts for family members and friends.This year , as a gift to myself , I splurged and bought the M505 . Big Mistake !! The Hot Sync problem has been well documented by other reviewers , so I wo n't bore you with my experience ; but , the biggest disappointment was the dullness of the screen . I feel as though Palm took two steps back with the introduction of the M505 . Shame on them !! From past experience with the Palm III , they should have known that people like to see what they 're doing without the backlight battery drain . You know the saying , `` if you do n't learn from the past , you are destined to repeat it '' . The long and the short of it is , I returned the M505 and went back to my beloved Vx . If you really need the extra memory , buy the M500 , or better yet , wait until Palm fixes all the problems with the M505 .
 This has been a good product , but was not worth the -LSB- money -RSB- I paid for it . The color screen was okay , but then a colleague showed me his IIIc screen , and then I was downright angry !! Palm blew it on the screen . It 's very marginal . The options for the SD cards are few and far between . There are book titles -- but who is going to read a book on any Palm ? And , wireless connectivity has been VERY slow to come . Utilizing maps -LRB- e.g. , RoadAtlas -RRB- is almost futile with the small , low-resolution screen . I would not recommend the 505 and would suggest the following alternatives
 Like many Palm-heads , I had anxiously awaited a color Palm device that featured an expansion port and the light weight of my Palm Vx . Unfortunately , the Palm m505 is NOT the answer ... Being a user of both Palm and Windows-Powered Pocket PC devices , I was discouraged to see that Palm decided to sell a vastly inferior device at the same price as most Pocket PCs . The $ 449 Palm m505 might have the same display technology as the $ 499 Compaq iPaq , but the iPaq can do much more - provide seamless integration with Microsoft Office out of the box -LRB- without having to buy extra software ! -RRB- , play MP3/WMA files with outstanding quality , and much more . The iPaq has a 206 Mhz ARM processor and blindingly bright screen , while the Palm m505 uses a pokey 33 Mhz DragonBall processor and has a dim , depressing display.My take on the m505 ? Either wait for Palm to come out with a fix for the dim screen AND a plug-in MP3 player , or spend the extra $ 50 and buy an iPaq . Even the new Sony Color Clie looks like it will thrash the m505 soundly -LRB- and IT will play MP3s AND video ! -RRB- .
 I have been a loyal Palm user since the very first Pilot came out . When I replaced my Plam Vx with the 505 , I was shocked at the difficulties with the USB HotSync . Granted , I use Lotus Notes v5 with Intellisync , but no matter what I do , including using the `` developer 's back door , '' the USB times-out during true synchronization . That means that I can only sync from the PC to the 505 -- not vice versa . Palm at first refused to acknowledge the problem , but now no longer refuses to admit it . But still no fix . This is WAY too much money to spend to have buggy software/hardware . Either wait until it works right , or get a Sony . The Handspring Visor is nice , but extremely bulky .
 I too have been a long-time Palm user and currently own a IIIc and VIIx . I have been looking for a 65k color screen and waited to see the 505 - I was really disappointed - I agree with most of the negative reviews here - the screen is miserable . I have opted to purchase a Visor Prism instead - plus the Springboard slot in the Visor is much more robust than the Palm card slot .
 I must say that I 'm VERY dissapointed with the m505 . I 've onwed Palm III and Palm Vx before , and never thought that I will be switching , however when it came time to upgrade -LRB- just last week , -RRB- I had a chance to compare the Sony Clie 610C ... and the m505 side-by-side . This should be recommended to everybody before they purchase the m505 , because the Sony screen is SO MUCH BETTER . It is actually bright , you can see colors clearly , it is great outdoors , and has 320x320 resolution as oposed to m505 's standard 160x160 . The detail , sharpness and brightness of the Sony are simply in a different category.To sum it up , shame on you Palm for selling the MOST ... Palm OS based PDA that has such a poor screen .
 I am a loyal Palm user and have waited with great anticipation for the M505 . I picked mine up this week and what a disappointment !!! The screen is very difficult to see and there is no contrast control . I took it back and bought a Handspring Visor with a great screen . Palm missed it on this one .
 Review of Palm 505 , I 've owned the Palm IIIXe and was satisfied until it died after 3 years . I then decided to upgrade to the Palm 505 , because of the expansion card and the color . I loved it !!!! and used it everyday at home and work . I consider the Palm instrumental , but on Jan 1,2002 my Palm 505 crashed , I lost all data including Epocrates , Id , Pt files , Photo software , Printing software , Patientkeeper data files and all appointments and my work schedules . To make matters worse I was also unable to synchronize with the desktop and have not been able to do so since 01/01/02 . I 'm still trying to contact Palm without success . As of today , I will switch to Handspring Prism . By the way , several of my colleagues have the same issues with the Palm 505 , we thought it was a virus . Many have switched to the HP Jornada .
 OK . . been a Palm customer for a few years here . As of late , been holding onto my loyalty to palm for a few reasons
 The Palm m505 has a dull looking screen , with subjectively low contrast . Black text appears painted on a gray background , instead of on a crisp white background . I do n't care if the Palm m505 is a technological marvel inside the case , when the image on the screen is so poor , subjectively.Palm should hire some experts in human visual perception and image quality , and release a product with a better screen .
 I have owned by Palm m505 for four months and I have had to send the cradle in twice for replacement . It has become a real problem for me because I use it for everything and I have to send in both my palm and the cradle to the factory and I have to live without it for at least a week . I love my palm , but if I had to do it over again , I would have waited for the 515 . The color on the 505 is not all that great and I almost always have to turn the backlight on . The ease of use is great , but the hardware problems are extremely frustrating .
 I looked forward to using the expansion card to store large files such as many of the medical programs -LRB- e-pocrates ,5 emc , jhabx guide -RRB- I use . They wont run these programs , what a shame because these are the exact large files you would like to keep on an expansion card to free up your main memory . I tried two different SD cards without any success including the Palm brand SD card . I sent an e-mail to palm re this problem and recieved the following response `` databases or any other program that stores information can not be run on the palm expansion card '' I wonder what the good people at palm thought people would want to put on 16mb and greater expansion cards ???? I took mine back and am currently exploring other products . I was a big palm fan but this product seem to have been poorly tested in a rush to get it on the market . BUYER BEWARE OF THE EXPANSION CARD THAT DOES N'T
 I was so excited about the new color Palm that I just could n't bear the wait . I ran out and got one as soon as it came out . What a colossal disappointment . I could n't tell the color screen from previous monochrome screens . The m505 has the dullest , hardest to read screen ever -LRB- in ANY light -RRB- . Who is responsible for this travesty ? I 'm sure he/she works for Handspring and wants to drive Palm out of business . I have loved my Palm IIIc from day one and had high hopes of the m505 surpassing it in brilliance and clarity . I think I 'll stick with my IIIc and hope that the near future will bring a new VASTLY improved color screen for the m505 . Palm needs to seriously re-think the m505 .
 Who was the -LRB- person -RRB- to decide on marketing a great product with potential for 65,000 color with such a dark display that kills all expectation ? What a dumb idea . Looking at this screen long enough would give you only eye strain or disappointment ; for me , I got both . I would return this one soon . Palm , Inc. needs to correct this issue fast ...
 I was waiting to spend an Amazon gift certificate towards a new Palm . My old PDA died months ago and I dropped to paper for a few months anticipating the new speedy , colorful , lots of memory Palm . I struggled with the screen on the old monochrome . So Color was the only way for me . UGH !!! Even with the backlight on it 's barely acceptable . Palm has pulled a hoax on the public . The picture of the Palm 505 in their brochures is far brighter than the actual Palm . If it matters that you can see the screen , do n't buy this one.Oct . 2003 ... I ca n't believe Amazon lets you edit your reviews . I finally ditched the 505 for a new Tungsten C. Palm finally got this one right . It colorful , bright , fast , lots of memory and with the wireless router in my house I can sit at the kitchen table and drink my coffee and read my e-mail before leaving the house .
 The color screen is indeed dim , compared to all other color PDAs on the market . Make sure you see one in action before you buy . Check out a friend 's , or see the display section at CompUSA where you can try one out . Once I did that I cancelled my plans to buy an m505 ...
 A copy of this letter was sent to Palm Inc. I have owned 2 Palm handheld units in the past 3 years . The first was a IIIxe and it performed great until I dropped it 2 years later . The second unit , a M505 that I purchased May of 2001 , is as of December 2001 dead . I find this to be completely unacceptable . I paid ... for a second PDA instead of buying a Handspring , which was cheaper , because I trusted the Palm name and because of the positive experience I had with my first unit.My current palm died on me after 6 months and it took an entire month to get someone to successfully assist me with the problem . The problem was that the unit just stopped hot syncing one day . There was no damage to the unit it just would n't sync . I tried everything and it still would n't work . I was not informed until today that the entire line of M505 's were defective - usually there is a recall on defective products to maintain company dignity . Of course as it appears Palm has no dignity because as I have been told this has happened to numerous consumers and all of them were given refurbished rather than new replacements . As a consumer I am truly disappointed in the customer service I have received from Palm Inc. . The chat support is ineffective , the email support is better but response time is ridiculously long and still does not resolve anything.I am not happy to complain about a product that I have been unable to live without for the last 3 years , but now being forced to replace my Palm with a refurbished one , it has hit me that a PDA is only as good as the service guarantee behind it . Going forward I will not recommend Palm products to family and friends as I have been doing up until now . I do not wish this type of disservice on anyone and I definitely do n't want to personally deal with it again .
 The screen gives me a headache -- literally . The color is okay with the backlight on but it drains on the battery . Other than that , it is a good gadget . Still , I 'm probably not going to keep mine .
 I 'll make this short
 I sold my Palm Vx and purchased the Palm 505 instead of the Compaq iPAQ because I loved my Palm Vx . Put simply the Palm 505 is a huge disappointment . Compared to the technology out there , the PDA is very limited . You can only connect to the interent via certain cell phones . You can not dial up using a normal telephone line . And most importantly you can not use a T1 line or any ethernet connection to connect to the Interet . You still have to drag around your laptop to connect to the Internet if you want to use a high speed connection.I was very disappointed since the iPAQ offers these options . When I purchased the 505 I thought they would later roll out the modem and ethernet connect . But I was mistaken , Palm technology is not up to par . The improvements Palm made is having a color screen -LRB- which is hard to see -RRB- , an expansion slot -LRB- which you probably do n't need -RRB- , the alarm , clock , and note pad -LRB- the best feature of the 505 -RRB- . However , this device is not worth the money . And certainly not worth giving up your Vx.Accessories that were available for the Vx , such as GPS system , is not available for the 505 . The technical difficulties I have had with the 505 is ridiculous . I have tried to work with Palm to no avail to hotsync my 505 via infrared . My e-mail still will not sync correctly , and Palm support does not help.For me the device is actually worse than the Vx because of the technical problems .
 I loved my prior Palm units . The Professional , V , Vx - but the 505 has been a rotten product . The screen is dimm the hotsync USB funciton has failed on three of the units I have had , and I 'm waiting for Palm to send me my replacement fourth unit . I would love to recomend Palm products , but it 's not worth the trouble . Look at Sony or Handspring for better quality products .
 I 'm getting ready to return my second palm m505 , the first incident was dust under the screen which blocked the screen , it was then that I found out that Palm can not currently service the M505 's ! I was told that the only option right now is to recieve a refurbished unit as a replacement and that came straight from the mouth of palm service support . Luckily after hassling with the vendor -LRB- not amazon.com -RRB- I got a new replacement . I just got my new palm a week ago and USB connectivity has ceased to function , after reading up in newsgroups this is a common problem for a lot of M505 users ! Other problems are screen resolution and brightness , after purchasing my M505 I got to play with the new color Sony Clie with the high resolution screen and it was MUCH better the the 505 's screen . This is my 3rd palm I 've owned , and I 'd like to think myself as a loyal palm supporter , but I can not support such a horrible product as this .
 Review of the bulletin boards and the amazon reviews reveals that product has a known defect with the cradle . Like some of the other reviewers , my cradled worked fine for a few days , then just quit . Customer support is virtually impossible to obtain and Palm 's web-site makes no mention of this known defect . After 45 minutes on hold , on a long-distance call , I finally talked to a customer support rep who admitted there was a problem and offered to send a `` refurbished '' cradle . Unacceptable , -- I paid for a new one and they want to give me a used one . There are many web-sites which discuss this flaw , ...
 The internal device that locks the expansion card is very sensitive , if by any reason you push the card beyond what it was designed for -LRB- Who calculated that force was maybe a little 2 years old kid -RRB- , you can brake it and therefore you will not be able to insert it back -LRB- it will not lock -RRB- ...
 My boss and I both bought 505s at the same time . After one year mine would not hotsync . After several days working with support , I was told it must have taken a static electricity charge and will not work . It was just out of warranty . Palm offered me 20 % off of a new PDA . Two weeks later the same thing happened to my boss . After investigating we learned this is a known problem and happens frequently . It was a great tool while it lasted . Without hotsync , it is worthless to me .
 There 's so much ado about the colors on m505 's screen that it 's hard to not get confused . The commonest complaint is about the colors being dull . However , those who complain do omit an important detail
 I received my m505 as a birthday gift , replacing my broken but beloved Palm IIIx , so I hate to criticize something that was free . However , I am mad that a loved one paid more than $ ... for this gift.I realized what a disappointment the device was before I even did my first HotSync . The cheap stylus , which is hard to remove from the handheld and has no weight for writing , was the first tip-off . It seems like a small thing , but the stylus is the primary tool for using the handheld , so it really makes a difference . I hurt my fingers trying to get it out of the side slot and it has n't gotten any easier to remove with time . Also , my old styluses , which are much nicer , do n't fit into the side slot so I ca n't use them unless I carry them around somewhere else.And what use will I ever have for an expansion slot ? The cards seem like a useless gimmick to me , with the possible exception of using a card to back up files when away from your desktop . For me , that 's hardly ever.I also do n't need more space . Even as a busy journalist with lots of notes and records , I have n't used half of what is available . Moreover
 This deck was great , when it worked.The iPod functionality only works intermittently , where 95 % of the the iPhone will not charge , or display current song info , or support most navigation features . When it does connect with the iPhone correctly , it looked like it would have been great , Also the bluetooth works great , until you power off your car , then you need to re-sync the iphone to the deck , every time you turn your car off.I called pioneer , and they basically blamed everything on apple , and offered no solution of any kind for these issues.It appears that many phones have issue with the bluetooth , so be wary .
 Buyer be warned -- even though Pioneer states on their website that the deck works with the new music phones , it will not pair with LG cellphones -LRB- ie , the new chocolate 8550 , etc -RRB- for BT Audio . This is a major flaw and oversight in their testing . So , do n't plan on using this unit for wireless audio streaming if you own and LG phone -- which tons of people do.Had Pioneer stated this incompatibility on their website , rather than having told me over the phone when I called tech-support after a frustrating few hours of trying to get BT Audio to work , I would not have bought the unit . Needless to say , they 'll be dealing with my return .
 Product works fine , but it does n't do RAID . I did n't buy this from Amazon , but I figured I 'd save people from going through what I went through
 I wasted a lot of time and $ to find Amazon 's mistake ... hope you do n't have to .
 I buy this item to convert an optical output to normal , but do n't work . The sound is very bad , and I test in different device
 One died and the other one feels like it 's going to break any second if I move the cable . Much better options out there .
 it works however , it does n't fit the optical cable tightly at all . i had to tape the two together . i also ordered the one in the following link and it works much better . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002MQGRM/ref=oss_product
 Bose is a testament to the power of advertising over product . In many ways it is a fascinating company whose products are based on late 1960 's theories of audio using tweeters and woofers that Radio Shack parts outperform . This has been known for years in audio circles where Bose products are held in very low esteem . Check any issue of Stereophile , Absolute Sound , What HIFI or do a google search for Audioreview and epinions - you wo n't find Bose products held in any high regard . Yet uninformed consumers buy into it.Bose has designed a system which probably costs them less than $ 400 in parts to build and retails them for several times that amount . Yet consumers still buy into this . Incredible.Bose has made a name for itself by aiming its advertising towards consumers with little or no knowledge of audio equipment . It sells speakers and systems like this that are of poorer quality and absolutely worse performance than its competitors . I know , I owned several Bose products for years -LRB- 901s , 301s and 201s -RRB- until I began to learn more about audio technology and quality . I was literally blown away by the quality of mid-fi Polk speakers when placed next to Bose products . Polk is n't `` cutting edge '' but builds a decently designed product for its price point.Amazon carries Polk , JBL and Wharfedale ANY of whom offer decent mid-fi loudspeakers with substantially better engineered electronics and drivers . Most important of all these speakers sound much better than Bose for around $ 250 to $ 1000 .
 After purchasing a HDTV and a DVD player the next step was to get a speaker system and receiver . I had some limitations on the size of the speakers I could use , so naturally I thought of Bose . After using these speakers for about 20 days I had returned these speakers because of the lack of sound , what I mean by lack of sound is that I could hear humps from the speakers to the base module and distortion it got very annoying . One thing a person will notice very quickly about Bose is that there speakers do n't need a lot of watts to get loud , -LRB- loud does not mean they are good speakers -RRB- . I end up going with Round Sound -LRB- aka . Anthony Gallo Acoustics -RRB- A ' Diva speakers much cleaner sound . If you are in the market for small speakers I would highly recommend giving Round Sound a look .
 This one-button mouse for the Mac has only an ADR port and no adaptor to connect the mouse to a USB port on a newer Mac . I 've tried four times to contact the seller to return it and am still waiting for a response . If anyone has any way of getting an RAN from the seller , that would be greatly appreciated as I already purchased another mouse , since the mouse I previously had died , and this Macally was supposed to be a replacement for the one that broke.I thought that this mouse would have come with the proper adaptor to connect it to my newer computer , but it was nowhere to be found in either the packaging or the box . The Apple Store thought it was a PS/2 type . When I went to Staples to buy this type of adaptor and try it out , it would not fit this mouse . It is therefore unusable and is in need of being returned to the seller for a complete refund .
 Points for working immediately when simply plugged into my G5 Mac -LRB- running Panther 10.3.9 -RRB- using built-in driver . Other than that , a bit of a mess . Red laser-y light leaks everywhere -- top , sides , front -- and is surprisingly bright . Annoying , especially if you do photo editing in a darkened room , and makes the cute translucent shells pretty useless as the block even less of the red light than the opaque silver one that comes attached . Does not play well with Wacom tablet driver installed -LRB- I need to switch back and forth for Photoshop work -RRB- -- using scroll wheel at all caused hard freeze until Wacom completely uninstalled . Shipped with WAY old driver -LRB- 4.0 vs. 5.3 now on less-than-clear support site -RRB- . Not sure why you would even bother to install the Macally driver unless you really need assignable keys , as track/scroll speed controls are exactly the same as in System Prefs -LRB- yeah , you can set those basic speeds differently by application if you want -RRB- . Would be really nice to have separate track speed/acceleration speed as on even the most basic Wacom Graphire mouse .
 This mouse did not work well with my Mac Pro . Scroll wheel would stop for no reason . Mouse would not always track with the mouses movements . Replaced it within weeks
 I usually use the memorex lightscribe disks but saw the HP versions and decided to give them a try . The first three disks out of the package would not burn the image correctly . On one with a pictures and text , the picture was completely blurry and distorted . The second one I tried just text and it was completely distorted and unreadable . I tried a different lightscribe drive and just text again and that time only one of the 5 words even printed . I returned this terrible product and went back to Memorex - which worked beautifully again with text and photos - the first one out of the case !
 I had just purchased the hp cd and some of the cds were corrupted .
 Just installed a new Pioneer DVR-1910LS -LRB- DVR-113NP -RRB- and found that I can not burn labels on these H-P CDs . Tried 3 out of the pack with no success -- each time was told that no media was present in the drive.Then I bought a pack of Memorex 52X LightScribe CD-Rs and had no problem whatever .
 Only 10 out of the 25 pack actually worked . I use CyberLink for label printing and all I wanted was some basic text , no fancy anything but it turns out that it would only print to just about every other disc.LightScribe Error
 i bought a 25 pack waiting to print a cool picture on the discs , but what I get was just a blurry image . There must be a standard for this kind of products !!
 After ordering the HP Lightscribe CD 's , ANTOnline shipped them , UPS made one delivery attempt and for reasons unknown returned my CD 's to ANTOnline . UPS offered to cover the shipping cost but instead ANTOnline ripped me off in the name of restocking fee 's .
 I just bought a 25 pack of these along with my new liteon dvd burner . To bad only half of the cd players in my house can even read them . I dont ' think its the lightscribe side thats causing the problem as it does n't seem to matter if I `` lightscribe '' them or not.The burner works fine with all of the other media I 've tried so I 'd avoid these discs like the plague .
 Be warned if you use a pioneer drive like me or others on this review page they do not seem to work properly . I first bought Verbatim and they worked good will go back to them . Hope this helps someone in the future . Good luck !!!
 These were bought with the intention of burning music for a dance team 's use . These do n't play on anything other than the computer ! I 've tried different computers , different software , making sure it was ` finalized ' , and different burn times . Nothing works . This is so disappointing . What a waste of time and money .
 I was happy when the product arrived . Delivery was very timely , and the item was packaged well . I have quite a few CDs to record and have found so far -LRB- I am still in the process of recording -RRB- that 7 out of 25 are bad . I do n't think I need to wait until I 'm done to say that this is a bad batch of CDs . I 'm disapointed at the waste of time as well as money . I have a HP computer so it makes sense to me that I would use HP CDs . I 'm not understanding why the label gos on the coated side rather then the shiny side , because the colors on the label template are n't visable.I wo n't get through my current recording session before I run out of CDs . I like the idea of recording on Lightscribe CDs , it just neater , but I do n't know if I will buy this product again.The CDs that did record has a nice clear sound .
 I bought a spindle of these blank CD-R 's thinking that they would be good and reliable because they were made by Sony . Boy was I wrong ! I burn quite a few CD 's and use a state of the art burner and state of the art software . I 'd say at least 2/3 of the CD 's from this spindle did not work . I 've never had that problem with any of the other brands of CD 's I 've used . It would take me around 3 of the Sony blank CD 's just to burn one CD . Definetely spend your money on a different brand . They 're 10x as reliable !
 I had endless problems backing up to Sony CD 's . Switched to TDK and almost always works fine . Stay away from Sony CD 's .
 I purchased this item recently at a local Radio Shack because it was on sale for $ 7.99 . In my case , I did not get the abysmal product that others here have encountered , but I did get a disappointing one . I use an older CD writer -LRB- NEC NR-7800A -RRB- which is capable of burning at a maximum speed of 16X , and I have achieved that speed with other media -LRB- notably Imation -RRB- . In my system , however , these Sony discs are limited to a maximum of 8X no matter what data is being burned or what program is being used . Either the disks are substandard or they are not fully compatible with my drive . On the positive side , all the discs used so far have burned successfully and can be read by my DVD-ROM drive , DVD player , and CD player.There 's no point in buying this Sony product when there are so many others out there . Find a brand that works well with your burner and stick with it.UPDATE
 Got a pack of 50 of these to burn playlists for X-Mas gifts thinking Sony would be better than the Staples or Memorex brands , which I did not recognize . WOW , did I ever go wrong . These made a racket in my CD burner before ejecting . Eventually , some worked , most did n't . Returning these tomorrow .
 I 've lost data or been unable to write on 23 of the 30 I 've used in this spindle . It 's ridiculous . Memorex , Toshiba , etc have NEVER been this bad . Maybe 1-2 per 30 . Nowonder this is listed as so cheap . Its insulting , really . I may never buy anything from Sony every again . Amazon should pull this product if there is so much consensusof this being a very very poor product .
 They do n't work at all in my Lenovo W500 Laptop with Windows XP and Media PLayer 11 - I have wasted 10 or more until I worked out that ... . they work just fine in my wife 's Dell 1501 with Windows 7 and Media PLayer 12 . I ca n't explain why ; some reviews speculate it is the CD drive .
 I 've been using Maxell CD-Rs for the last few years for burning music and had a nearly 100 % success rate.Recently was at a Radio Shack , and they do n't stock Maxell and the clerk convinced me to get the Sony CD-R spindle.Did so , to my regret . A significant percentage are defective . Some of the Sony CD-Rs could n't be `` read '' -LRB- as blanks -RRB- by my CD-R drive ; some seemed to be recording but then skipped during replay ; one where the only the first few songs -- but not others -- were recorded ; one that seemed to freak out my CD-R drive and cause it not to open until I rebooted the computer . I would n't be surprised if somewhere in the pack is a CD-R that will cause me to break out in hives . -LRB- Just kidding on that last point -RRB- . But really . Sony has struck out with me on CD-Rs . I 'm back to Maxell , for near-100 % reliability .
 I must admit . I ignored the previous review by Jon in Florida , and went ahead and bought these CD 's thinking Sony is a quality company , so they ca n't ALL be bad . Well , I think I topped his 65 % failure rate . The first 8 CD-R 's I tried all had errors ! I 've gone thru hundreds of competing brand CD-R 's with maybe 1 or 2 failures . This is ridiculous . I 've used cheap CD-R 's before , and you pay the price . I would classify these as cheap .
 Granted this is an old review from 03 , maybe Sony has improve on thier CD since then , but I have not use them since . ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Please do not buy , look for a different brand . You will lose data.I am furious how many Sony 's CDRs I have replaced . They are the absolute worst product out there . I do n't know how such a great electronic company would leak such low quality , unreliable CD-R . The problem I have with Sony is overtime the CDs become unreadable . It said not MS-dos error or something when you try to copy the data , basically it become unreadable . The surface of Sony CDR is a smooth pearl . After 1-2 years they start to fake off on the edge like watermark . Not because of careless , but of the CDR surface quality . Other cheaper CDR I have for 3 years -LRB- storage in the same location as the Sony 's CDR -RRB- are still readable and do n't fake . I lost some important data with at least 4 Sony 's CDR . The files at the outer edge are affected the most.I though the smooth pearl color of Sony was very pleasing compare to other ugly blank CDR . TDK is now my CDR of choice now . It has a clean look and it CDRs are more readable on any cd-rom then Sony . I am in a progress of reburning all data that are on the Sony to TDK . Again , Warning
 I bought the exact same spindle at office depot , for only 5 dollars -LRB- I now know why they were so cheap -RRB- . I have a 32x burner and tried to burn several at that speed -LRB- the cd 's are supposed to be 48x compatible -RRB- none of them were readable . I had to burn at 4x for any of the cd 's to work ! I would suggest instead buying Memorex , I 've found spindles of 50 cd 's for $ 10 in some stores , and I 've never had a single bad cd . I 'm surprised by the quality of Sony 's cds especially since I 've read elsewhere that they are supposed high quality .
 I go through a spindle every few weeks , so I 've used just about every brand . I bought these Sony 's for the first time a week ago , and I can say without a doubt I have never had more discs error during the burn process . Approximately 65 % of my burns have failed with these . This is not at all what I 've come to expect from this company .
 Agree with what the other reviewers said . Simply SONY CD-Rs do n't work . I have used different brands of CD-R media , never met so bad product like SONY . Last month I bought a spindle of SONY 48x CD-R because it is a SONY , I thought going with this brandname wo n't be wrong - besides , CD-R should already be a quite mature tech . Yet , I AM TOTALLY WRONG . Yesterday I want to copy a cd-rom on-hand , I used SONY CD-R disk and can not read the copy . I tried putting it into 3 of my dvd-rw/cd-rw drives yet none of them can read it . I tried two more SONY CD-R disks and still the result is the same.Finally I returned the whole spindle of SONY CD-Rs . I am just curious , HOW COME ?! To me , the SONY CD-Rs have a failure rate of 100 % . Such kind of product should not ever go out of the lab , how did it went all the way through to the consumer market and asking for any $ $ $ ?! One word to any one who would like to try SONY CD-R - do n't bother . Get any other brand , even ` no-name ' would be far better than SONY.SONY , you suck .
 This is the second time I 've been dumb enough to buy these - both times , I saw an uncluttered surface -LRB- no loud logos ! -RRB- and the sony brand name , and assumed it 'd be good quality . Only after my burning software failed again & again , and then my cd drive stopped recognizing any discs at all until rebooting , did I realize that I 'd been through this before - with Sony discs , a year ago.I ca n't imagine what could possibly make these so bad . I 've used just about every other kind of discs with no problem . Reading the other reviews here makes me realize it 's not just me . It 's pretty upsetting that I 've wasted $ 40 or so on these things , for a grand total of maybe 5-10 usable discs .
 I usually buy Fuji CD-R media , which are made at the Taiyo Yuden factory and have never failed me.I could n't find Fuji media at my local $ $ $ - mart , but I figured that Sony media had to be about as good.Instead I learned yet again that if a brand has a contract with $ $ $ - mart , it usually means that they are simply stamping their name on cheap junk.These Sony disks use inferior and unstable phthalocyanine dyes . The quality control is terrible . Even at low recording speeds my Plextor and Lite-on drives often report recording errors -LRB- aka
 I have many products from Sony . TV , CD-RW drive , digital camera , just to name a few . Over the years I 've never seen a bad Sony product.Until now.A few weeks ago I bought a spindle pack of blank CD-Rs from another retailer -LRB- other than Amazon -RRB- . Like many people on this forum , I expected more from the Sony name , so I did n't think there would be a quality issue . It 's like another reviewer said , you have to read reviews on EVERYTHING nowadays . Before I even tried burning any disks , I took notice to funny looking markings on the outer edges of these disks . They look like there are erratic bubbles and lines on the edges and if you look at the playing side you can actually trace the erratic `` bubbles '' and lines making a pattern onto the reflective surface of the disk . I did n't give this much thought at first . The burning process itself was successful on all , but do n't let the fact that just because it burned well you wo n't have an issue . I use Norton Ghost for system backup on CD-R 's . On the data intgrity test THREE sets failed ! I thought it was errors on my HDD but now I 'm not so sure . I ran tests on my HDD and no errors showed up . Tried a backup with TDK blanks -LRB- which have a nice and smooth outer edge -RRB- . NO PROBLEM ! Then I tried burning a music CD with the Sony disks . On two disks in a row of the same program there is tracking error so bad you ca n't hear the music in spots . Tried same program with TDK disks . Nice & quiet . Nothing but the music . I complained to the retailer and they gave me another pack of Sonys -LRB- I requested TDKs but they told me that they had to have me try another pack of what I originally bought first -RRB- . OK , now I want them to take these pieces of junk back and give me the TDKs like I requested originally ! I WILL NOT trust important data to these disks ! Actually , I remember I bought a 100 pack of Maxells a few years back and if I remember correctly , I only had 1 failure out of the bunch . Go with TDK , Maxell or Memorex here . I do n't know where Sony has their blank CDs made but they ought to take a hint from this forum . They have a quality control issue there .
 Im not taking this crap , I am taking these back to the store tomorrow . I have burned 5 and only 3 of them even finished burning , the others had skips that were not hard to find . I cant believe how cheap these things are , you can see through them in some places -LRB- ! -RRB- it looks like someone poked pin holes in em , in other places on the CD there are lumps . What the hell does Sony do , dump a little grit into the mix before they make a CD?I bought some Imation brand CDs , they were cheaper and I only got one bad CD out of 50 . I know this is not my CD-ROMs fault , it dosent like cheap crap and Im not going to use it . Any decent brand of CD youll not be able to see through them , the surface coat of the Imation CDs is thick and they are durable . These Sony CDs are a worthless product .
 I just purchased these on sale at Target , and I am really regretting that I did n't check the reviews here first . These are terrible . Four out of six have not worked and I have to restart my computer just to eject the cd . What a huge waste of money . DO N'T DO N'T DO N'T purchase these . There are too many other blank media options out there . Sony should be ashamed for putting their name on this product .
 Do not buy ! The first 4 cdr 's I attempted to burn all failed or were unreadable in a player . Now I 'm stuck because Target wo n't take back.Stick with Memorex , TDK ect ... . I would have given it zero stars if that were possible .
 These CDs are a waste of time and money . I bought a 50 pack and out of the first 20 burns , at least 8 of them came up error burning to the disc . I called Sony about the problem and they basically said `` too bad for you '' . I could keep all the bad discs and mail them in AT MY EXPENSE and they would send me some more crap cds to replace them . No thanks ! Never buy this product !
 What everyone 's saying is very true . When I had to back up everything on my hard disc , I would only have put 10 small picture files on each disk before I got a disc error message . So I went through 30 of them to back up material that should have fit on 5 discs . This whole time I thought it was some kind of configuration error with my pictures , but now I realize it was the CD-r 's that were the problem . This is unbelievable that Sony has such low quality CD-r 's -- Sony is usually an excellent brand . My whole entertainment center -LRB- TV , VCR , TV , etc. -RRB- is Sony , and they work great ! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 When I burn music discs with these CD-R 's , the first couple tracks are accompanied by annoying static over the music . Changing burn speed or playback device does not fix the problem . Never had this problem with other brands of CD-R 's using the exact same equipment .
 I bought a pack of 10 Sony CD-R 80 minute disks . Only 3 out of 10 worked . Buyer beware .
 These are TERRIBLE ! I needed a good recording of backing tracks for a college application CD , so I tried these . I went through five -- FIVE ! -- and they all skipped . The files play flawlessly in iTunes , so I know it 's the CD . Trust me -- they 're a frustrating waste of time .
 Absolute crap - far and away the worst review I 've given a ` product ' on Amazon . Sony should realize just how damaging to their entire product line things like this are . Is it worth it to trash whatever reputation you have on throwaway products ? Wise up . Since CD-Rs are really not very expensive do yourself a big favor and pay a little more for a good one .
 you may be tempted to buy these because of the ` sony ' name ... but be warned , DO NOT buy sony cd-r 's off of amazon ... I bought this same 50 pack , and had to throw half , yes half as in 25 of the discs , out because they had read errors and God knows what else . I find this strange though , because I 've bought -LRB- and still do -RRB- these same sony cd-r 's from best buy , and at target , and at staples ... and they 've always worked fine . I thought I would give it a go buying the online and I 'm sorry I did . If you want the sony cd 's , just go to your local target and pick em up there ... at least I can tell , based off my experience , they 'll work . Ca n't say the same for the ones coming from amazon .
 Disc after disc , burn after burn , Sony CD-R 's just . do n't . work.If nothing else , they 're consistent.Why does n't anybody sell trustworthy products anymore ?
 So my wife purchased these CD 's for me , and they are horrible , after going through over half of the CD 's , I came to the conclusion they were all no good . Bought some memorex CD 's and I 'm up and running now . Do not buy Sony media products .
 Honestly , I bought this product because it was cheaper than others , I usually trust Sony , and I liked the look of the CDs . Out of 15 cds , I was able to successfully burn 2 . At first I thought it was some of the music I had bought online that was not working properly with the disc , then I worried that it was my computer . I would try to back up files , or create an audio cd and an error sign would pop up , eject the disc , and then the disc would be ruined . I threw away 13 cds ! I was relieved to discover that I was not the only one having this problem . These discs are terrible !!! From now on I am strictly a Memorex girl .
 After 5 out of 6 burns resulted in errors , I thought that something might be amiss . Sure enough , there was
 I looked for reviews of these , and found I am not the only one having problems . I have used about 10 so far , and they are generally recording fine in iTunes . The problem is that my car stereo will not read them . The stereo works just fine with other brands of CD-R , but these just spin and spin until I get an error message . Next time , I will go back to the HP CDs and wait until they go on sale .
 I have used 50 pack and 10 pack of colored ones and 20-30 % were bad . The rest do not play very well on many audio players . Junk . The Maxells or JVCs made in Taiwan are excellent , along with Maxells from Japan . 100 % success on all players .
 I 've burned a lot of CDs over the years and it came time to buy a new stack . I went to the story and ended up buying a Sony stack because I thought they 'd be good because they had the Sony name . I had n't read any of the reviews before buying them.Plain and simple , they are terrible . I 've burned 6 CDs or so and every single one has failed . I 've burned other CDs in the same exact method that have worked fine . The Sony 's just do not work . Terrible , terrible product . I feel completely ripped off that I paid for these CDs . I 've learned that even Sony can rip you off . I need to check reviews for EVERYTHING before I buy them . I have no problems with Imation CDs .
 Well I decided to check the reviews out on here because I was suddenly having trouble burning data on my Sony CD-R 's . I saw all the negative reviews and was somewhat relieved . I thought I was having a problem with my burner or some bug got in my computer system ... however that was n't the case . The damn Sony CD-R 's must be defective . I had previously bought a 50-pack spindle of Sony CD-R 's and used all of them up without any problems using the same program that I am currently using now -LRB- Nero -RRB- . Then I bought another 50-pack , did n't have any problems with the first 8-10 but all of a sudden , none of them seem to want to work . Read errors all over the place ! I must have wasted 25 or 30 discs by now . I decided to try some other CD-R 's - Memorex in particular and the CD 's burn as good as new . It looks like all the stores are slashing the prices on this item ... probably because they got a lot of complaints . So thank you to all the reviewers out there who wrote the bad reviews . Very helpful . You may get lucky with these and you may not ... but I would n't chance my money on them ... just buy another brand , they 're all basicly the same price .
 I just wanted to add to the negativity of those who have written before and perhaps save some poor soul the aggro of buying and attempting to use Sony CD-R 's . In a word , they stink . I purchased several spindles , and they have been uniformly bad , with many bad discs in each spindle . Avoid them . A better alternative are the Memorex CD-R 's which contain only one or two bad discs per spindle . Be kind to yourself and do n't buy this brand until Sony makes some attempt at quality control .
 These CD-Rs are terrible . They have no capacity whatsoever for overburning . I get frequent errors , and I hear the lifespan on these is not very long . Put all these flaws together with my gut feeling that , despite getting a 2-for-1 deal , I 'd rather have spent 20 bucks on some Fujis or TDKs which have worked well for me in the past .
 Ever since Sony 's Rootkit problem it has prompted me not to buy another sony product ever , and I wo n't . Even Cd-r blanks . Who knows what there putting on these things . As a matter of fact you guys need to read this right here . http://www.usatoday.com/tech/columnist/andrewkantor/2005-11-17-sony-rootkit_x.htmDon't buy SONY , they need to go out of business . They are selling products that either people have problems with or damage their system like the BMG copy protected cd 's . I use memorex or Pengo Technologies for my blanks . preferably memorex because you have to order Pengo from their website but they work great . So I 'd beware of sony products , especially ones that deal with cd 's . I bought some blanks from them and once i heard about the rootkits and how many results i got about it when i went to google i never trusted sony again . Oh yeah and SONY stands for standard oil campany of new york . They do n't want you to know that because they are an ameircan made company and their name stands so high . Luckily for me I do n't buy sony Copy protected cd 's anyway . And now for sure I wo n't be . There infecting people 's computer with spyware , trojans and even depending on what BMG copy protected cd you get from them sometimes they can tell when you hit the play button to play a song in a media player . All that stuff just from one BMG copy protected cd and you were actually suppose to get only the artist not the trojans and viruses on the cd . They are doing this to try to stop people from copying cd 's , bu they ahve took it way too far . I think that in the future sony sells will swop downward .
 Like others who have written here , I chose the Sony CD-Rs thinking that they would be of a good quality , bearing the Sony name.I use Nero 6 and Windows XP with a modern CD writer at home , and a Phillips DVD/CD writer at work.Nero produces endless `` drive speed errors '' with these CD-Rs , whilst changing over to a different brand of CD-R immediately cures the problem.Avoid !
 More than 60 % of these discs fail when attempting to write them . I 'll never buy Sony CD rom discs again . This is not worth the money and the brand name is misleading .
 I 'm not one to enjoy buying a pack of 50 CD 's and having to throw half of them away because the drive can no longer read them . They deteriorate quickly .
 These are a waste of money . I kept trying these and thought it was something I was doing wrong . They will not record . Windows Media usually wo n't burn but does occasionally which gives false hope because they wo n't play . What a waste of time and energy . No more SONY .
 I burn a lot of CD 's and in the last two years I have had nothing but trouble with the Sony CD-R as well as the CD-R Music . I 've exchanged two of the spindles I got thinking I had a bad batch but again , every third disc or less will not burn and needs to go in the trash . They are inexpensive but when you buy 50 and can only use 30 and 20 go in the trash . It 's frustrating .
 Big fan of Sony - have a BlueRay/HD system in my home , and I use Sony Vegas Pro as my video editor . These disks are utter trash - MOST of them failed , and even the ones that DID N'T fail were erroneously burned . I am VERY disappointed with this product .
 Had same problem , Not lieing here , Something wrong!had the same problem here trying to use these thing and I 'm not trying to smare Sony at all . Have had some grate products from the pass andlook forward to new things from them , But these Sony CD-R are no - good . I slow down the speed when copy on them and still getting errors so I do n't know what the problem is with them , I use other brands and have copy just find . These have been my home recordings not copyright music , I thought that maybe something to do with it . Maybe are fake brand , I got at a big retailer store here so i do n't think they are , If someone know what I need to do to make them work please feel tale me . I cann , t recommend these at all!thxs , ,
 Man , Sony may do a great job at manufacturing electronics , but do a very poor job when it comes to manufacturing writable discs . I have bought a CDRW 5-disc package from Sony before , and experienced a lot of problems when trying to write/read from the disc once data was burned . I recently needed to buy some CD-Rs , and decided to purchase them at Walmart while I was there . Being nave , I looked for the package with the higher price tag , believing that , `` you get what you pay for . '' Sure enough , the 50CDQ80LS3 Sony 50 Pack CD-Rs were the higher priced product . Now I did rethink about the problems I have had with Sony 's CDRWs that I had bought before , but concluded that it may have just been a bad batch , and to give them another chance . I went home and decided to burn some tracks onto these discs , using iTunes , only to find that after completion , the disc could not be read ! I thought perhaps I did something wrong , so I put in a new disc and tried to burn a data CD to see if that would work -LRB- not using iTunes -RRB- , but it did n't ! I decided to try putting in another blank disc , only to find that the OS ca n't read or detect its format -LRB- and would n't give me an option to prep -RRB- . On another computer , I encountered the same problems.Now I have used up 1 of the 7 quota limit on eleven tracks for iTunes , and am left with no CD . This goes to show that you do n't always get what you pay for ! I hope this helps .
 I have a memorex dvd + / - r drive , It has worked very well for me with other brands . I will probably end up throwing what I have left of these Sony discs in the trash rather than waste my time trying each one to get a couple of successful burns . Do n't buy this .
 Success rate was less than 50 % using a system known to deliver above 90 % using competitive manufacturers ' media -LRB- Imation , AT&T ; brands -RRB- . DO N'T BUY THESE !!! Save your money and time
 Just wanted to chime in and reiterate what everyone is saying ... Sony CD-R 's are extremely unreliable !
 I met some problem as other people said.Buy whatever brands just do not buy this Sony brand.Others are cheaper than it , and they won & iexcl ; t mess your work up.I have never got a horrible blank cd-r . Never ever buy it .
 This package includes 50 discs and over 30 discs are bad . This product has terrible quality .
 These cds are GARBAGE . I purchased them , thinking that the $ 1 difference between these and Memorex would n't cause any problems . WRONG . I 've gone through HALF THE STACK trying to burn ONE cd . AND i 'm using a Sony computer . I 've only had about 3 cds turn out ok , with one of them skipping A LOT . Warning to all buyers , stay away .
 I purchased this lamp as a replacement a few months ago.The first problem was the fit and function . I had a hard time getting it to line up with the screws on the TV during installation . Last week the bulb EXPLODED in my TV . There were glass shards everywhere . I do not know if there is damage to my TV because I have not found a replacement bulb yet . DO NOT BUY IT !!!
 Wife recently installed the battery in her laptop and charged for 24 hours . Upon disconnecting and running on battery , found that battery lasted less than 20 minutes . Will check with toshiba to find out if they know why . Otherwise will contact amazon for return instructions as I can not locate my invoice . Also , battery arrived well packed and as advertised by amazon , but without instructions of any kind for its use or how to obtain auxiliary equipment for charging , etc , . I therfore have to give the shopping experience a 4 but an overall rating of 1 for the disappointment in operation .
 I just purchased this card . It recognized two Seagate Barracuda 500GB UDMA/100 drives , but the other two drives -LRB- also Seagate Barracuda drives , identical to the first except 750GB capacity -RRB- were seen as 8GB drives.Response to my question by Promise 's Tech support was : `` This 750gigs drive is something that Promise have not tested or qualify with the Fasttrak100 TX2 so we do n't know if this drive will be compatible or not . Also with the Fasttrak100 TX2 controller is EOL -LRB- End of Life -RRB- and is no longer in manufacture . `` I am trying to follow up for additional support , but so far it looks like there is no intention of supporting due to EOL . I have also asked how long this product has been discontinued and will post if I get an answer.In the mean time ... BEWARE !
 As the other reviewer mentioned , this is an old card and should n't be purchased for newer , large hard drives.Mine was purchased several years ago , and originally had a 137GB size limit . That was fixed with a firmware flash , and cards manufactured in more recent years should already have the newer firmware.But the new limit is apparently about 500GB . I have a 750GB Seagate 7200.10 , and it is not detected correctly by this card . The other reviewer here had the same problem , and there was another complaint about it in another forum.Recently I got a 500GB Western Digital drive , it works fine on this card and is running from it now . This card has also worked with a 250GB , 160GB , 120GB , and a RAID of 2x40GB drives.Reliability has been very good . No corruption or anything like that.The only issue I ever had was needing to manually set bus-mastering on the slot to get it to POST on one particular computer , but that was an unusual workstation machine . The BIOS message implied this was the card 's fault and not it 's own , but I 'm not sure I believe it.The other couple normal computers I 've used this card with never had that hassle.I 've been happy with this card , but due to the lack of support for > 500GB drives it probably is n't the best choice anymore . My rating reflects how it stands today - I 'd have given more stars when it was younger .
 Epson 's ink is great but very expensive ! I use a continuous flow system for my printer from MIS . Just Google `` MIS '' . -LRB- Midwest Ink Supply -RRB- .
 The Stylus R2400 printer uses 9 ink cartridges . This product offers 8 , but does not identify the missing cartridge . Would n't it be better if the buyer could know which cartridge he/she needs to have to complete the set ?
 This thing for stay shut at all . It has a lanyard to ear around your neck , but you could never do that . You would loose your iPod , unless you used a zip tie or something to secure it . It is made of sturdy metal and padded nicely inside . It just does n't really serve a purpose , since it wont stay shut .
 we were given this $ 900 recorder right after the birth of our child so we got some great movies of him.At 6 months we got a format error on display screen and were n't able to discharge dvd.called sony troubleshooting and not very helpful staff read from a manual which didnt apply to our model , called 3 times each time told warranty ran out -LRB- 3months -RRB- and to send it to them for $ 250 they would look at it.so now i have a camcorder that doesnt work and a company that doesnt stand behind its product
 We also bought this product after our first child was born and loved it at first . Now , only four years later , the screen is shot ; we 've received numerous error messages over the life of the product ; we have three DVDs that we were able to review once before finanlyzing and now the camera no longer recognizes them ; and Sony informs us that we must have it shipped to them for repair at a cost of $ 250.00 . Extremely dissapointed that our camera is now premanently disabled after only four years and our only remedy is to pay $ 250.00 to hope that they can fix it .
 These are great for quick DVD renditions of home video , but a bit tougher if you have to spend time in the very-difficult-to-learn and use ImageMixer software . If all you want is to shoot your home movies and make a DVD really fast , this is the camera for you . Great lens , great machine , lousy lousy software . ImageMixer -LRB- Pixela -RRB- support was very good , but the software leaves a lot to be desired . This camera is not compatible with the MAC platform , a real shame .
 First of all , for you people with a short attention span - DO NOT GET THIS CAMERA !!! Now for everyone else , this camera has been one of the biggest thorns in my side in recent memory - it started pretty good - it is easy to take video and pictures the LCD screen is good the zoom is above average for the price and the on screen picture is good . But try to move on from there . The Image Mixer software must have been written by morons . It is convuluted time consuming and not compatible with anything -LRB- except perhaps a 1985 version of Super Mario Brothers -RRB- - Then came the issue of it writing over previously recorded video for no reason - And finally it decided that anytime you removed a disc and put it back in - it had to be reformated . I contacted Sony who politly told me to use a disc rescue service and have a Sony center check it out - I have been on many boards that talked about the same problems - I have never kicked myself so much over a piece of electronics - Avoid it at all costs
 Unless have no need to edit . This is completely incompatable with non-sony software.It almost works with Adobe Premier Elements , but causes crashes . To use with an Apple , you have to convert the format to MPEG -LRB- MPEG4 works best -RRB- and the signal is horribly distorted in the process.The Pixela software is buggy , but works , but not well . If you think that because it is a USB device that it is easy to use , you are wrong . -LRB- as I was -RRB- Not to mention Sony 's history of installing viruses on your computer without permission .
 I received the camera as a gift from my mother , so it is difficult to complain - however , I am very unhappy.The ImageMaker Pixela software is terrible . It is not user friendly at all . I tried to use Microsoft Movie Maker but you must first download the images in the Pixela software . The the movie images have to be converted - it takes many steps to actually be able to send mom a movie -LRB- with two kids , never !! -RRB- The still images are so grainy that I am embarassed to show anyone that they came from the camera that was purchased for $ 800.00 . I read the directions thousands of times to try to see if I was doing something wrong , and the directions are not worth the paper that they are printed on . I called Sony and asked for assistance and they troubleshot the camera with me . They asked me to push buttons that did not exist . The tech support people had no clue and said that for $ 250.00 I could send the camera to them and they would look at it.I do n't think so !! Time is flying by and I am not able to take even decent pictures of my family with the camera . I am hoping that someone buys me a different camera for Xmas and I can sell this one on Ebay !
 This is a KNOWN FAULT of this controller that it DOES NOT WORK with optical drives . It * ONLY * works with hard drives , and promise does n't let people know this ahead of time!JUNK ! Stay away !!
 Bought this for my old Toshiba Infinia machine . Works but still have system board conflict . Ca n't install Linux since does n't recognize drive . Have 2 tickets into them , first one for Win95 problem was entered 10 days ago with no response.Recommend trying different vendor that supports their product .
 The description for this item -LRB- as of 7/21/05 -RRB- is incorrect , according to Promise Technology 's web site -LRB- which I really should have checked before I ordered this card and tried to install it -RRB- , this card only functions as a PCI to ATA 2 channel controller , it has no RAID functionality whatsoever . The descrptions of RAID functions seem to be describing the Promise Technology Fasttrack 100TX2 card . I 've notified Amazon about this error , and if they change the description thus saving others from the aggrivation I had , then kindly ignore this review .
 Never received the Product . Never heard from Seller -- Do n't think the product was ever really for sale . Would n't but from PROMISE TECHNOLOGY ... THEY WILL STIFF ARM YOU ... I AM FILING A COMPLAINT AGAINST THE COMPANY WITH AMAZON.At least they could have written and told me they did n't have the product .
 Word of warning
 The reason this item from Peridigm is so much cheaper is because it is counterfeit . The packaging looks legitimate , it even has a hologram , but when you go to open the plastic clam shell packaging , it opens easily without scissors and the plastic is much thinner . The Sony logo uses a slightly different font in a slightly different color . If I did n't have 8 others , I would n't have known . Putting it up next to my legitimate ones , it 's easy to spot the fake . The real giveaway was when my Sony battery charger refused to charge it and my Sony camcorder would n't recognize it and refused to power on . Fortunately Amazon did n't have any problem giving me a refund . I will be spending a little extra and buying from a reputable company like BH .
 This product is an horrible fake.An original battery usually lasts around 3 hours and a little bit up.This one only lasts less than one hour.And incredibly it costs almost the same price than the original.Trash
 The battery lasts about 1/2 hour . Please do not waste your money with these people as this is definitely a counterfeit battery .
 The battery looks genuinely good , and came on time , as advertised . Unfortunately that 's about all the POSITIVES I have for this product . I bought 2 . One would not fully charge and lasted all of 10 minutes . The other charged pretty well , an hour or so for what my charger indicated was good for about 10 hours of use . Everything seemed normal during shooting and then the battery just inexplicably conked out after 30 minutes . Zalapini sent me a replacement and guess what ? No good either . Do n't be deceived by the looks of these batteries . They 're impostors !!!!
 I bought these for my Sony FS100 . I purchased three of them for good measure . As soon as they arrived they appeared to be in Sony packaging , but on closer inspection the Son ' y label was different from the original batteries I had already . When I charged each of them for over a day I figured they were done . When I placed them in the camera it stated that the batter was at 86 % . I thought it was a joke , so I placed them back on the charger and when it was charged again put them back into the camera ... 87 % . All three of them could not hold a charge . I used them in the field and when it was around 50 % the battery died ... all 3 of them . If this was a problem with one I could expect that , but combining the labeling with how they charged and performed , fake !
 Do n't buy this if it 's not actually SOLD by Amazon , but by Peridigm . Just received two knock-offs today . They do n't work with the infoLithium system to give run-time info and they get REALLY hot when charging . Our true Sony batteries which cost only $ 2 more each , run slightly warm and give real runtime info . For $ 2 more buy the real thing . These are fakes . Amazon should remove Paradigm as a seller .
 I 've used several digital point and clicks ... I 've also use an Olympus C5050 . I 've been wanting to upgrade to a Digital SLR and believed the great reviews . I 've been terribly disappointed with the pictures ... all seem far to dark and dull . Does n't seem to mater which lens or what type of lighting . I 'm checking with Canon to see if maybe there is a problem with the camera ... if not , I would say this is an awful investment . If you have time to work in the advanced modes , maybe you can find a setting that takes clear , crisp picture ; but if you are using in any of the basic modes , you have no control over the results .
 We purchased the Canon 20D and it broke after only 4 months . The pictures were great . The camera just stopped working one day for no apparent reason -LRB- no power -RRB- . We sent it to Canon and they want $ 800 to repair it . We actually bought another Canon as a backup and it broke also -LRB- the lense mechanism jammed -RRB- . So not only are both Canon 's broken for different reasons , Canon is very uncooperative about fixing them . Canon 's warranty is not very good.End result
 I ca n't believe they still do n't have support for 64 bit operational systems . I ca n't use my EOS20D with any of the newer computers that have Vista 64 or Windows 7 , and it is been years since they came out . Terrrible support .
 I am very disappointed with the Canon 20D . My first disappointment is with the sharpness of the pictures . I 've tried all kinds of combinations for the auto and manual functions , but most pictures came out soft around the edges of the subjects . The Nikon D70 takes much better and sharper pictures . I was actually willing to put up with the softness because of the fast sutter speed , but then came the second disappointment . It 's actually a shock more than anything else - when I changed the camera lens for the first time , the lens release button fell out and would n't stay in place unless I tape it down . This should never happen on a $ 1,400 camera ! What a mistake in buying the Canon 20D ! I 'm returning the camera for a refund .
 i bought this battery to use on my d300 with a battery pack it does not work . you need original nikon ne el4 battery to be able to use the d300 at 8fps
 Being a cheapskate has finally gotten me . I purchased this battery so I would not have to spend over $ 100 for the OEM Nikon Battery for my D2H . Big mistake . When the battery first arrived , it worked `` OK '' . Did not even have as much capacity as my 9 year old original EN-EL4 . But for the price I was willing to look the other way . -LRB- I see the battery is now almost 2X that I paid for it last May -RRB- Used it a few times and then the camera was n't used for a few months . When I recently brought the camera out , they battery was dead . Tried charging it . Nope , nada , nothing . My 9 year old OEM Nikon battery was still chugging along . I ended up buying a OEM Nikon battery today . The old adage `` You get what you pay for '' is very true here.The lithium cells Nikon uses are apparently much better than what is in these replacement packs . At the current price of this battery , you 'd be way better off in the long run getting the OEM version .
 Simply put , I received the battery , charged it , installed it in my MD-10 and immediately my Nikon D700 battery charge indicator started blinking , while indicating no charge for the battery pack .
 holds a charge , powered up my camcorder , & fell right off !!! Gon na have to rely on the handyman 's secret weapon ; duct tape .
 The product description for this is incorrect.The package includes 25 stiff DVD Case Inserts , and the LabelWhiz software -LRB- and a one page `` Quick Guide -RRB- - THAT 's IT ! There are no `` core labels , '' `` CD/DVD labels , '' etc. . . These sleave inserts will ONLY WORK on Standard Thickness DVD cases , AND those cases must have clear plastic pockets for the `` label '' to slip into.The sleave inserts are also perforated at the corners of the spine . So , they will eventually break off the spine . If they were simply prefolded or impressed it would last longer , but the perforation lines weaken the thick paper stock and will allow the spine to tear off .
 I purchased this TV just over a year ago . 9 days after my warranty expired , it died.Now I did n't purchase the service plan , so I was n't going to complain -LRB- at first -RRB- , but as it turns out HP does n't provide replacement parts to anyone that does n't have a service plan , so essentially my TV is a paperweight now.Every single TV repair technician I found had the same story about how HP WILL NOT PROVIDE PARTS FOR THEIR TV 's . From what I read on other opinion websites , even WITH the service plan , it can take weeks to get replacement parts in.Now I expected NOTHING for free . I did n't purchase the PSP , so thats the way it goes , but for HP to make the consumer have to replace their TV in a year is unacceptable business practice.FYI ... Sony , Panasonic , et al provide replacement parts much more readily.Do yourself a favor and take into account how easy it will be to get service on your TV if you need it.Having said all of that , I 'm particularly disappointed because I thought this unit was excellent ... while it actually worked .
 I purchased this TV in November 2007 , and it failed in February 2009 . I took it to a local TV repair place and they orderd a defective circuit board , only to have the TV blow out that new circuit board too . They indicated that it was a domino effect , and they recommended replacing 4 circuit boards including the control board , Y-sustain board , upper driver , and lower driver board . Parts alone would cost more than $ 700 , and even then they would not guarantee that it would be fixed . I am very disappointed in the reliability of this product . My warranty was 12 months and it failed not too long after that .
 This is such a dissapointing TV and the HP service is just the same . Less than 1 month outside of my warranty the TV has died . It 's experiencing a phenomenon called `` pixel flare '' . Google it . I 'm not the only one . I have no choices as per the rude HP customer service rep -LRB- yes , Chase from Ontario Canada - I 'm talking about you ! -RRB- but to fork over almost $ 750 for a replacement main control board -LRB- and pay someone to put it in -RRB- . Not fair ! A $ 1,500 TV should last more than 1 year . I implore you - do n't make this mistake . Step away from the HP - far away !
 Like some of the other reviewers , I had this TV for about two years and then it just burned out . No picture . The price may look cheap , but if you have to replace your TV every two years , it 's really quite expensive . Also , because HP is not a common brand , you ca n't program universal remotes from cable/satelitte providers to work with it . So , you will always need two remotes . The speakers/sound of the TV are wildly inadequate . Also , this TV has serious burn problems . The parts of the picture on the sides of the screen were signficantly brighter after moderate use . This was due to viewing some non-widescreen broadcasts , which apparently dimmed the more-used pixels significantly . I WISH I HAD BOUGHT A SONY/SHARP/SAMSUNG / PIONEER .
 Do not buy this . Do a google search for problems related to this model and you will find numerous hits . For me personally , this TV self-destructed after only a couple of years . It was on , there was a loud pop , and now it no longer works . I disected it myself to see if it was n't maybe something simple , like a blown fuse or capacitor , but a fter searching around it seems this is a very common problem . Replacement parts are somewhat hard to find ... but the cost for those parts is around $ 300 - $ 500 . Having someone actually service it will run you $ 600 - $ 900 , but there are numerous reports of people being unable or unwilling to service this particular TV.Before it died , we experiended many of the problems with pixel flare/MAL discharge issue and the image shuttering when showing images with a lot of white or bright colors . Again , extremely common problem although there are reports of being able to adjust voltage settings on the PSU and resolve some of them . If you 're comfortable poking around in the guts of your TV , it might not be an issue for you.There 's no reason to buy this TV . It has a history of problems and there are any number of TVs that are as good , if not better , better brands , better features , for less money .
 Very poor quality . Each battery only lasted for about 5 pictures . I will never buy from this supplier.Pat Landers
 As soon as I opened the package , I tested the battery 's charge on my home tester , which indicated a weakly charged battery ; I then took it to a camera store for testing , and found that this brand new battery had only about a 40 % charge - not what you want in your camera when out in the field .
 I have been a compulsive buyer of every single Linksys product . Some months ago I also acquired the WRV54G despite the bad reviews posted on the Internet.Not a single month goes by without having to reboot it due to varous types of crashes that disable the entire network . First the wireless links become unstable , then the router does n't work for the wired network and finally it is dead , not even the configuration page is accesible anymore . With regards to the VPN feature , it works well IF you do n't use the 192.168 and change it to 10.x , which , unfortunatelly I ca n't do due to some software which license does n't allow me to change its ip or my coporate lan , which firewall forces me to use 192.168 . But remember that even if you are pleased for its functionality it will crash anyway ones or twice per month.Summing up , a huge dissapointment , a piece of electronic trash and the new format of the box does n't fit the previous format that linksys used to have . Too expensive for nothing , I 'm going back to the WRT54G and wait for a decent firmware which , after waiting for almost 8 months looks like they will discontinue it before ever fixing the issues -LRB- perhaps its a hardware issue ! -RRB- . By the way , do n't even waste your time calling the horrendous Linksys `` customer support '' , they know less than you do and they will make sure to waste as much as possible of your time without any type of help .
 I fell victim to the `` how bad can it really be '' statement and boy did I get burned . This is by far the worst piece of networking equipment that I have ever touched . I have been in the business 8 years , I am an MCSE in NT and Win2k as well as a CCNA . I say that only to state that I know how to setup networks and this POS box would n't even allow a consistent internet connection . Plus , like any good tech , you setup the network then and only then try to add the VPN . Well as soon as you turn on the VPN access in this router the machine completely changes it 's local network settings . Do not buy this . Find something else . I 'm going to get a firwall/VPN unit then try and add the wireless later . By the way , the tech support was horrible . I actually had to teach them things about networking , which means that they were useless for me .
 I could n't imagine that a linksys product was as bad as everyone was saying . I bought it anyway and now I do n't have to imagine.It has problems . It crashes when I try to set the time zone . It crashes frequently !
 As stated in many prior reviews here , the WRV54G is simply not ready for release as a consumer-quality product . My friend was looking for a wireless router with VPN , and he bought this one simply because it was the only such unit at CompUSA at the time . I have used many Linksys products before and have been very satisfied with their quality , so I initially thought it was a good choice . Boy , was I wrong.The setup was indeed simple , and the unit was up and running in a few minutes . There were a few snags getting 128-bit encryption running , but overall the interface seemed pretty intuitive.The big problem with this unit is reliability . Connected behind a standard cable modem , this unit loses its DHCP settings frequently -LRB- usually in a day or two , sometimes sooner , and at every reboot -RRB- . When this happens , the connection to the Internet is gone . It 's still possible to connect to the administration page on the router itself , though , at least usually . The only way to restore the DHCP settings is to go to the Status tab on the administration web site and click on the DHCP Renew button . Even power-cycling the unit does n't work , as DHCP is always messed up when it reboots , but clicking the DHCP Renew button causes it to work again.On three occasions , the wireless unit seemed to fail . Connecting to the router with an Ethernet cable , rebooting the unit through the admin interface , and manually renewing DHCP worked twice . One time , even connecting to the admin interface via the Ethernet cable failed.My friend bought another unit to install at a second home , and had Comcast install the unit when they installed the cable modem . Of course , they left everything at default settings and did as little as possible . Once again , the next day , DHCP failed and the Internet connection was lost ; only this time , hitting DHCP Renew still did not renew the address , nor did power-cycling the unit . Tossing the router altogether and plugging straight into the cable modem works fine , though , but of course that defeats the purpose of a router.I ca n't review the VPN functionality , because it 's never been stable enough running as a plain router to even begin worrying about VPN yet.Upgrading to the latest firmware version did not help . My advice
 I purchased the WRV54G because of the VPN features . I thought that it would be as reliable as the WRT54G , which I was upgrading from.Unfortunately , this router is pretty flakey . Some problems I 've had with it include frequently dropped VPN connections . It will be working one minute , then the next , the connection is lost . -LRB- To fix it , I had to remotely log onto my work 's router and disconnect/reconnect the VPN tunnel . -RRB- In addition to this , it seems to require frequent reboots . The internet connection will just be dropped -LRB- and this is not related to the VPN disconnection problem . -RRB- I will be able to ping the router , but can not open the http configuration screen . Therefore I am forced to manually turn it off/on . Such a hassle , as the router is located downstairs.We had purchased two of these -- one for me , and one for work . They were having just as much trouble as I was . The one at work has subsequently been replaced by the Linksys RV802 and no more problems on their end . FWIW , it 's now being used as an expensive WAP.The product description is very impressive , which is why I bought it , but I can not recommend this product . It is just too unreliable .
 G-Only DOES NOT WORK , PERIOD.MIXED MODE , ONLY works by making the connection to your wireless PC at 11MBps , even though your PC is set to Auto . ONLY If you force your PC in G Mode , will the mixed mode pickup the G band . Why is this important ? Because if you are going from one wireless network to another , who wants to force G on their laptop to work at home , and then constantly reconfigure the wirelses card in your laptop to hand the B bands at the airport every single time you leave your home !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 These reviews are dead-on . Believe me . Bought one of these a couple months ago and have had all the same issues with dns and vpn . I 've owned a previous 802.11 b linksys router and it was flawlessly for over a year up until a week ago but that 's another issue and the reason I wo n't buy another linksys product . The WRV54G should be recalled . I 've been on the phone with tech support , written emails , returned the item to place of purchase for a replacement , returned a 3 router to linksys for another replacement because I could n't believe I would get a 3rd router that was defective . Sure enough the SAME problems plage this unit . The authoritative dns is defective , vpn is flakey , administering the router is flakey . . freezes or hangs often during reboot . Updating firmware does nothing to fix these issues . Basically i 'll eat the loss on this router since I ca n't sell it on ebay as a previous reviewer stated . I 'd get a negative for selling a defective product . You 've been warned .
 As an IT consultant , I have always loved Linksys equipment for my small and medium business customers , they always seem to work out of the box , but yet have enough advanced configurations to make a tech geek happy.Well time comes to purchase a Wireless Router for my home , so I can setup a VPN tunnel , when we install the VPN end point at the office later next month.I open the box and setup the router , take a few minutes to configure it , clone MAC address , setup DDNS -LRB- wish it would support updating AD DDNS -RRB- , and other settings . At first the DDNS would n't update , no big deal everything else is working .36 hours later ... turn on my Xbox to play a game of Mechassualt , DHCP is n't providing an IP , decide to wait until the next morning when I bring one of my laptops home . Sure enough could n't ping the thing from work , it is n't assigning IPs , nor could I pull up the setup page . I hit the reset button , the modem reboots and starts working.I then goto the setup page , lucky it kept all my settings , I then did the firmware update . Works fine for another 24 hours . I am getting really disappointed , tonight I am going to do a 30 second reset on the modem and will find out in 24 hours whether or not I will have to do an RMA .
 Like another reviewer , I bought one of these at Frys because I did n't have time to get it shipped to me . I install networks for customers and have for years . I got the router configured to connect to the internet without much difficulty . As I was going through the screens to complete the install , I came to the Log setup screen . It has an option to email the log and a field to enter the email address . What it was lacking was any field to enter an email server , so the log could actually be emailed . The `` in router '' help described this field in detail along with 3 other log fields I did n't have on my screen . Since this is the first router that I can remember that does n't have a way to view the log locally , you have to email the log and/or have it send to a syslog application at a remote location , which I do have , but most users would n't . I contacted Cisco/Linksys support via an online chat . Got somebody I believe was in India . He assured me that the fields should be there and that he could see them on his screen . I offered to let him connect to the router I was setting up , but he said that his group was n't allow to do that . I was shocked that a group to support routers was n't allowed to connect to the customer 's router ??? What kind of support is that ? He was n't able to receive a screen shot from me either ! We exchanged version info , which I had already checked at Linksys ' online support section . The router had V 2.39.2 and according to the release notes , was dated in early 2006 . A slightly later version was 2.39.2 e , which was about Sept. 2006 . The router was brand new , and Frys turns over stock quickly , so I was a little surprised that it seemed to be a version that was 3 years old . It was n't clear what the ` e ' version would do , but the release notes only said something about adding more VPN connections , nothing about any corrections to the firmware . The support tech suggested that I do the upgrade to 2.39.2 e , which I did . Nothing changed , no mail server field , or the other missing ones . He concluded that the router must be defective and I should replace it . Since this was taking place after store hours , it would have to wait until the next day.Before I could replace it , we noticed that the `` Up Time '' reading kept changing , and I do n't mean it was keeping time with the clock . Instead , it seemed to be going backwards or just jumping around each time we check it . Looking at the syslog entries , we discovered the router apparently had been rebooting . The customer called to tell me the Wi-Fi links had dropped several times too . Other entries in the syslog indicated abnormal functions and failures , that even the Cisco support could not explain what they meant.I had decided that I needed to pick up a replacement router from a different Frys to avoid , as much as possible , getting a defective one from the same batch . The replacement was 103 serial numbers later.I get the replacement back to the customer 's network closet to configure while the original one limbered along still providing some connectivity to the company employees . First , I noticed that the log screen was just the same as before , still missing the fields . I flashed it to 2.39.2 e , then loaded the config file saved from the first one to expedite the conversion . I noticed that this router was going extremely slow , taking a very long time to upgrade , and again to load the config file . Even clicking one another screen within the router setup would take 3 - 4 minutes to load . I called the Cisco support in Greenville SC which handles the professional support side of the business . This engineer also concluded that the second router was defective as well . He could not find where earlier firmware versions were available any longer to see if that would make any difference . I asked him if having the router not connected to the internet might account for it being so very slow , perhaps trying to do a DNS lookup , but he was sure that would not be the case and advised that I get a different router model altogether . I took the second one back and got an RV042 , which I have used in my 2 offices for a couple years , but it does n't have Wi-Fi , so I had to also buy an additional Wi-Fi Access Point to install.I wasted many hours on this router family , and never even got to the VPN issues that others have reported having so much trouble with . The best router experiences I 've had has been with DD-WRT firmware loaded in router platforms that support it . That , of course , voids any warranties from the platform manufacturers . While I 'm delighted for those of you that found success with this router , I would n't wish it on my worse enemy . Cisco/Linksys would give me an RMA to return it and send a replacement , but could not sent the replacement until they received the defective router back . That would have left my client without any internet for a week or more unless I provided a loaner . I still do n't know if this router had hardware or firmware problems or both , and whether the issues I faced were isolated to the 2 devices I tried , or whether there is a more systemic problem with this product line.I 've still had issues with the RV042 routers that I have that Cisco/Linksys never did deal with , ultimately ignoring my email requests for progress reports and fixes . I just lived with them being the less of several evils .
 I bought this item from Amazon even though the reviews I read were less than stellar . I just assumed most of the problems were user configuration errors . After all ... . it is easy to mess up a VPN configuration , especially if you are using Windows IPSEC policies because the UI for setting that up can be a little misleading.However after setting it up in my home lab I discovered that ... it just did n't work as a VPN device . I connect with a VPN client called SSH Sentinel -LRB- it is a little dated but works on every other VPN I have used -RRB- . I could get a connection fine but it refused to route traffic inside the LAN at all . Even setting up the route recommended by Linksys it still would not work.So I decided not to give up yet and searched out Google groups for people who have solved this issue and I found ... no one . Everyone complained at the constant problems with each firmware release and the inability to VPN into the router properly . I was surprised because quite frankly all the other linksys hardware I have work great . I rarely have any problems with their print server , kvm switches and other routers ... why in the world would Linksys drop the ball on this product.Well it seems this particular router is different than any of Linksys 's other routers because it is running an embedded version of Linux . It would seem that Linksys and this Linux vendor are having some big difficulties getting this thing to work and perhaps it got pushed out the door too soon.Well I went out and bought a cheaper BEFVP41 VPN router from Linksys -LRB- it is not wireless but I had a spare WAP-G -RRB- and I was able to get a VPN connection the first time.So . . if you buy this router to VPN into your home network you will have some serious problems . I also had some flaky wireless problems with it but I must admit ... after reading all the problems with this model I put the thing back in the box and bought something else that works ... I hope this is n't the end of Linksys putting out good products and being responsive to their clients ...
 I currently have a WRT54G wireless 54G router and wanted to upgrade to the WRV54g for the VPN feature.The minute I plugged in the WRV54G I had problems . I have a WPC54G Wireless PC card , a WET54G Wireless Bridge , and a WMA11B Wireless media adapter -LRB- all Linksys products -RRB- that all work great with my WRT54G router . The only client I could get to work with the WRV54G was my wireless pc card . I never was able to figure out why . since every client had the exact same configuration when working with my WRT54G.I also had an issue with my FTP server . When an outside machine would connect , the router would lose internet access and then would have to be rebooted.I was never able to get the VPN working either . The directions are very confusing and there are too many variables that can cause an issue and it is very hard to troubleshoot.My recommendation is to stick to the WRT54G wireless router until Linksys gets some updated firmware to fix these problems .
 Very disappointed with this product . The documentation is poor , making even the slightest config change requires a two minute reboot and their DNS feature is hosed . It acts as authoritative DNS for whatever domain it obtains from the ISP and then fails to resolve addresses for that domain . Example
 I have had this product and already reviewed it . What gets me is the people who say `` do n't listen to those negative reviews ... '' but they never set up the VPN side of this router . If all you want is a router/firewall that is wireless and allows you to browse the Net then Linksys has other models that are much cheaper and do pretty much the exact same job.My negative comments are on the VPN side of things , which is why I purchased this product to begin with and it is why it is priced higher than a regular Linksys router . Yes ... you do get more logging information than the cheaper ones ... but most home networks do not care a bit about logs to begin with . You could have purchased a Linksys WRT54G much cheaper and had the exact same functionality -LRB- minus the enhanced logging features -RRB- . The positive reviewers ' `` deceptive advertising '' really `` burns me up '' . And so far ... in searching newsgroups and all over the net , only one person has claimed to have gotten the VPN working . He posted it on here and made the remark `` where have all the network engineers gone ? '' Well ... Mr. Network Engineer ... how about posting exactly how you configured the router and the client and send it off to Linksys support ... because they do not seem to know how to either . I have read where people have gotten it to work with another VPN router but not with a VPN client and I have had clients working with both Netgear and other Linksys VPN routers just fine.Let me say I have nothing against Linksys ... I am now using a lower end VPN router from them and I gave it a great review -LRB- see www.epinions.com -RRB- . It worked best out of three VPN routers I tried for using a VPN client with and I am happy with it . So my comments can not be construed as being some sort of a Linksys basher ... it is just this particular product did not do what it was advertised to do even when I went to Linksys for support .
 Ok , after reading thr reviews and noticing that there was updated firmaware , I decided to try the WRV54G again.Still very disappointed .1 -RRB- Everytime you enter http://ISP_PROVIDED_IP_ADDRESS the router goes to the Router Setup Page , even though I have PORT 80 forwarded to my webserver machine . The only way to see your websute is to either use a machine outside of your router or use the webserver internal IP address .2 -RRB- The wireless range is significantly smaller than the WRT54G Ver 1.1 . I get about an extra 60 feet with the WRT54G .3 -RRB- Everytime you make a small change , the router must reboot . And rebooting takes about 15-20 seconds . The WRT54G does n't require a reboot as often .4 -RRB- You can not use the Microsoft PPTP VPN server that comes installed with XP Professional . The router does not allow for the correct forwarding of the requests . If you want to use VPN you have to go through the routers VPN setup which is a little confusing.So my advice is to wait till this thing is a little more stable . After further reading reviews of the WRV54G at BroadBandReports I am going to stay away from this unit for a while . Plus the WRT54G Ver 2 had been released which has all the same functionality as 1.1 version but is built on a faster processor . I will probably go with that since my need for a VPN is n't that great .
 I had high expectations of this device but was disappointed by the poor documentation and cumbersome configuration . After investing the time and effort to configure the device I found its most unfortunate flaw . When powered off this device reverts to factory default configuration , none of the myriad of settings are saved . Not only do you have to start from scratch but , a simple power outage could create a huge security risk to your network . When the power is restored anyone with basic knowledge of the linksys default settings could gain wireless access to your network and would easily have admistrative access on this router .
 I have been pretty disappointed with this device and Linksys in general . The DHCP server does not work well on this for Linux or Windows clients , the router 's wireless signal strength weakens over time for no apparent reason . . a reboot every few days fixes that one . . everytime I reboot the router I have to manually release and renew the DHCP lease ... and I am up to date on the firmware for the device . Blah.I am also pissed that Linksys stops doing firmware updates for models when they release new models . Example
 Seems like since Cisco bought Linksys , they halted development on all their products . And linksys products NEED development . Does n't act as a VPN endpoint because they changed the software to require you KNOW the IP address of your traveling USER . As if dialup/hotel accounts ever give a random address out . -LRB- sic -RRB- . That 's annoying and I might have had a little patience if the damned basic router worked . It did n't . If you have a webserver and DNS on the inside of your network being accessed by the public with port forwarding -LRB- 80 and 53 -RRB- , and your local clients try to access sites on that server by name , the DNS will give them the correct info -LRB- the external interface of the router -RRB- , the router figures out they 're on the inside of the network -LRB- even though they are asking for the external address -RRB- , and of course it KNOWS they must want to access the router configuration page ... . all the older linksys routers seem to perform this function correctly , and changing the type of forwarding -LRB- 3 avail in this device -RRB- does n't help.The G band performance bites compared to the weak performance of the wrt54g that I was trying to replace.This product is clearly defective and Cisco should recall every one and send us all coupons for beta testing their shoddy work.This is yet another example of a shoddy LinkSys product in recent times . I have had to tell my clients not to buy LinkSys without my express permission or I will not be able to guarantee the products will work no matter how much time we spend trying .
 The product was easy to set up and was in operation in our small office in under an hour . However , the VPN functionality is unusable . I spent countless hours on the phone with LINKSYS tech support and was never able to set up a user based VPN session either using PPT or the QuickLink software that comes with the router . The buzz on the internet is that a windows machine that has at some point or another run any type of VPN software will never be able to connect . I do n't know if that is true , but I returned one of these already and plan to return the other as soon as I replace it with a competing product . So , if you do n't plan to use the VPN functionality this is a great box . If you do , buy something else .
 I already have 2 Linksys wireless routers and they work great -LRB- a no-brainer , like every electronic should be on its basic funtionality -RRB- . With this unit I ca n't make it even FIND the device when trying to configure it for the VPN feature -LRB- which is the only reason I bought it for -RRB- . I suggest Linksys to have JUST ONE of their engineers to post a troubleshooting guide -LRB- a serious one -RRB- for this product.I do n't mind spending on a good product , but I also do n't like spending a lot of money for a product that gives you the same as a cheaper one -LRB- happens all the time -RRB- . I hope I find a VPN Router that satisfies my needs . This one goes to the trash !
 I had an issue with my VoIP device connecting after the unit was installed for about 2 months . . I contact Linksys and after a number of interactions they acknowledged that the unit was defective . They sent me a refurbished unit -LRB- putting a hold on my credit card for 50 % more than I paid for the original new unit and threaten to bill me if the unit was n't returned within 5 days -RRB- That unit did n't work either . I contacted Linksys support and they asked me to contact their support number again . . They said that they would have a `` senior '' support tech speak to me then . . I noted that I had spent many hours working through this issue and had assumed that their senior support personnel had been involved . They responded that it was only a level 1 support person who had guided me through the initial troubleshooting and replacement . . I could not waste anymore time and I will not buy another Linksys product -LRB- I have bought Linksys products exclusively for the last 9 years . -RRB- I purchased another vendors product . .
 The WRV56G router & wireless features perform much like every other Linksys product that I have been happy with . However I purchased this item to setup a VPN and it has been nothing but problems . It was much easier to setup a VPN using Windows Server at my office then to do it with this `` simple '' router at home . Even using Linksys ' QuickVPN is a waste of time since it is such a flaky and featureless program . Sometimes it connects sometimes it does n't , no rhyme or reason . I will be returning this router . Linksys should pull this item from the market to prevent further damage to their otherwise good reputation . Come on Cisco -LRB- Linksys ' parent company -RRB- you are the worlds leading manufacturer of networking how did you let this product out of QA ? I am extremely disappointed .
 I previously used a WRT54G for my wireless devices and a BEFVP41 for VPN connectivity , but could n't get them to do what I needed for broadcasts between the two LANs , so the WRV54G looked like just what I needed . When it 's working , it does what I need , but I do n't need the frequent partial or complete crashes . I have the rev. 2 hardware and the latest firmware , and have done everything that Linksys has suggested to fix the crashing , but still have to reboot it about once a week.On top of the crashing , there 's little annoyances like pulldowns items in menus that do n't save values right , and an external log viewer that crashes regularly and runs only on Windoze.I wish I 'd just kept the BEFVP41 and gotten a plain access point like the WAP54G to do the same job and saved the hassles . I still hold out some hope that Cisco will update the firmware and fix many of the reliability issues , but I ca n't recommend the WRV54G before they do . The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is because with a firmware fix it could still be a nice box .
 Linksys has a well-deserved reputation for solid inexpensive equipment , but this router is a breathtakingly inept piece of junk . The person who tried to install it at my office was a certified IT hardware consultant with over 30 years ' experience ; after nine billable hours he conceded that he could n't configure the VPN side , even with the help of Linksys technical support . Between his time , and pulling my office network down for a day , this misbegotten experiment cost me over $ 2,000 . Do n't go near it , IT DOES N'T WORK .
 I have bought several routers in the past , 3Com , Buffalo , and a few others . This is the first and probably the last Linksys . the firmwear that came with the router was unusable . Upgrading to the latest improved things a lot . I can get most things working now . WPA works , the VPN works mostly . UPnP works OK.On the down side you ca n't mix WEP and WPA which you can on my other routers , also you ca n't allocate fixed DHCP to partcular MAC adresses , you have to allocate the machines a fixed IP address , not possible on our laptops.Worst of all , is that we can crash the router from the Internet side with our development software ! -LRB- It does n't crash our other routers -RRB- . This is in the current Firmware revision . This is unforgivable . Avoid !
 I read all the review I could find on this product and most were bad . A few recent ones were better . The first problem I encountered was the power on button did not function correctly . I had to press , press harder , shake the device , and finally turn it upside down while pressing to power it on . I was never able to power it down with the on/off button . The wireless AP worked fine but it would not function with an ethernet cable . I thought it was me -LRB- though I 've unboxed and setup 25 + wireless , wire only , routers , swithes , etc. without problems . After several hours of trying different approaches I looked at documentation , knowledge base articles and found one that indicated if the device power light blinked continuously the device was defective . That was the end of it and I returned it for credit . I do not recommend this device to anyone.T . Ragan - Cypress , TX
 Constant troubles , reboot every day . Support is patetic . Do not buy
 I have had the wrv54g for about a month , and it worked fine until I needed to web into the router or use the wireless . The box locks out the ability to web in to the management interface , not the external interface -LRB- WAN -RRB- but the internal interface . And the wireless access dies at the same time.All the wired connections still function , as far as I can tell , and the firewall still functions while the management interface is locked-up . I have the latest code for the router , but I have had to reboot this thing almost once a day . This is a fairly pricey box for a home user , and Linksys has had some good products , but I would recommend staying away from the wrv54g.The reliability , or lack of , has really been disappointing . Save your money , this product is not worth half the current price .
 I have a high opinion of Linksys products , but this is a huge dissapointment . I installed this on a customers site , and we have had only a few weeks of no trouble since November 2003 . If you are looking for a good 802.11 g wireless router , go with the WRT54G . Seriously , save yourself a lot of headaches and get the WRT54G . You have been warned . If you do n't beleive me , look at all the firmware updates Linksys have had to put out since they launched this product . 2.10 was a disaster for the wireless side of things .
 Unable to establish VPN connection with perfectly good IPSEC-compatible remote firewall . Have had to RMA TWO of these units . Linksys Phone support is clueless regarding VPNs or even the product configuration interface . Requires software syslog viewer to view router log . Linksys-provided syslog viewer crashes constantly making it impossible to view the router log . Settings not saved when router is turned off . Unable to use external DNS servers when using DHCP functionality , must use router for DNS -LRB- see electronics fan review -RRB- . A real piece of crap from a company that normally makes reliable rock-solid products . Update as of 04.04.04
 After recently purchasing this unit , I was astonished that any respectable company would put such a product on the market for consumer use . The unit does not and can not negotiate an 802.11 g connection with other LinkSys 802.11 g adapters . This was confirmed by LinkSys and is awaiting a firmware patch to correct the issue . I am concerned that LinkSys is not currently developing updates as the acquisition by Cisco is no doubt causing procedural changes . I only hope this is not the case and a release is made soon.I have begun communications with LinkSys on this matter and believe anyone looking to purchase this device should give it a read . It can be found at http://www.vanausdoll.com/wrv54g.html.Bottom line , do not purchase this product ! I learned soon after that if you update the firmware to 2.10 , you will have to release and renew the WAN side to reestablish the internet connection if you make any changes to routers configuration . This of coarse is if you are using DHCP based service from your provider .
 This MAY be a good product for the occasional user . However , if your small business depends on this , you are dead . This baby will crash , crash , crash on you ... even with the latest firmware . Nice idea to build a wireless router that supports VPN tunnels , but in reality , it just does not work . Look at the other reviews and think . Why does everybody say stay away ? There must be something wrong if this many people complain . I live in Japan , and the Japanese retailers have already pulled it from the shelves due to the number of complaints . This is the SECOND time mine has locked up today . It WILL be replaced .
 I purchased two of these routers - and have had nothing but problems.The second unit was dead on arrival . It 's first replacement failed after 3 days . The third unit basically worked - except the VPN functionality . The routers could n't hold a VPN tunnel for more than 4 minutes.Linksys technical support was unable to assist in resolving this matter and stopped responding to e-mail requests.The setup screens do n't work properly with Netscape or Mozilla-based products , whcih makes admin using Linux painful .
 Setting up the router -LRB- replacing a BEFW11S4 , which worked great -RRB- was n't difficult , but it ended up disabling my outbound VPN which worked fine with the previous linksys router . After a few hours of net research , I finally found another reference to a `` linksys Nightmare '' that suggested forwarding UDP ports 500 and 4500 , and TCP ports 50 , 389 , 709 , and 5080 . This resolved the problem and I thought I was golden . Sadly , I was never able to get the router to act as a VPN server , even using the Linksys QuickVPN client.Two days later , the router stopped issuing DHCP addresses and even rejected administration login via 192.168.1.1 -LRB- the router internal address -RRB- . Resetting the router fixed the problem , but two days later the same thing happened again . And two days later , again . I contacted their technical support using their online chat applet and she seemed remarkably dim -LRB- she had to ask me twice during our conversation which model number I had , even though it was in the original contact dialog info and recorded in our chat -RRB- . Ultimately , her response was `` it must be defective - return it to where you bought it for an exchange '' . That 's when I decided to go out and read the reviews of this model -LRB- sadly , I trusted Linksys and had n't bothered to do my research this time earlier -RRB- only to discover that this is a VERY common problem . Time to give Netgear a try .
 I have never been so disappointed in a networking product and I do this for a living . I ignored the reviews and give this product a chance . I waited on-hold for support on average 45 mins . Never again will I buy another Linksys product . I went back to my never failed 3com office connect product . VPN never worked , wireless was constantly plagued with disconnects , DHCP requested were slow , even after a firmware upgrade . Just a terrible product all around . I guess Cisco has brought to Linksys it 's terrible Quality and lack of testing .
 The first one I bought dropped connections to all my PCs at random times . The only way to reconnect was to reboot the router . After I replaced it , I discovered the new one would not allow PCs on the network to ping each other . I called Linksys , made it finally to 2nd tier support , and they said it must have been damaged on the boat in shipping . I asked them if they wanted the serial number to identify a `` bad batch '' and they said it was a manufacturing problem , not tech support . Ridiculous . Do n't buy it . I did not try the VPN hosting functionality .
 I only bought this because it was advertised as the preferred router for setting up a Boingo HotSpot in a Box.Boingo no longer offers that system to new providers so do n't waste your money!There are many other wireless routers that do a better job for a lower price . I am returning mine to Amazon . They should n't advertise it for a service that is no longer provided .
 This is the worst networking product ever ! Constantly crashed and VPN does not work . How could they get away with selling this POS ?
 This product claimed so many features that I knew I had to have it . Unfortunately it never lived up to the expectations . When compalining to Linksys tech support about the DNS services not working I was told to return the device and purchase another , as the device was obviously defective . The second device had the same problem . The issue is that the so-called DNS server is not opperational on the WRV54g.One wonders if this device ever passed through a QA department - or if the quality assurance staff are as technically challenged as the tech support staff ... I would not expect this low quality from any company in the Cisco group.The last contact that Linksys had with me was to use a different device -LRB- a device other than the WRV54g -RRB- .
 I 've always had good luck with Linksys , however the Wireless WRV54G is one product to stay away from.This is the second one , the first one I returned because it could not maintain a wireless connectivity for more than 1-2 hours . I 'm using 3 laptops one with a Cisco 350 card , an Orinoco Gold card and a Proxim A/B card ... all these cards work fine with other access points and wireless routers but not with the WRV54G . I am 100 % sure it 's the WRV54G router.The first one was shipped with 2.01 firmware the second one had 2.21 on it ... nevertheless it had no improvements in the wireless connectivity area . The wireless is completely down after a day or so . A reboot is the only resolution.I have n't even tried the other features yet , what the hell , the basic functions are n't even reliable enough to function properly why bother trying the bells and whistles.Bottom line , do n't waste your time ... very disappointing !!!
 This product has many great documented features , but it does n't deliver anything but grief as nothing hardly works . My dreams and aspirations were crushed as I became frustrated with the bugs , quirks , and general lack of functionality . Here are some of the many quirks I came across . -- wan dhcp client broken as it gets invalid addresses -- wireless overall unstable - disconnects for unknown reasons -- non-tcp protocols can not route between wireless and lan -LRB- problems for mac os 9 w / appletalk -RRB- -- sometimes my own dhcp server would n't work across wifi and lan lines . -- security features causes problems ------- mac filtering made some clients wifi cards not work w / router ------- WEP would make other clients wifi cards not work w / router -- routing features do n't work for Internet access , e.g. if you have subnet of 2 -LRB- 192.168.2.0 / 28 -RRB- , all computers on that subnet can not access internet . Problem with router 's NAT facility . -- routing can not support classless routing , e.g. 192.168.1.32 / 27 . And because you CAN ONLY NAT out from 192.168.1.x type of addresses , routing feature is 100 % useless.Essentially , I have to find creative strategies around the many flaws of this device . The scary part is that I can not secure the wi-fi network , which allows neighbors to snoop around or clog our bandwidth.UPDATE
 After being a Linksys customer my entire high speed life , I am now at my wits end with this router . I am on my 3rd replacement and I still ca n't get the thing to connect to the internet . Support does n't even answer my emails anymore , I just apply for an RMA and send it back . The trouble is I am paying for shipments and could have bought something else by now . I have also helped a friend setup and configure a WRT54G with no problem ! Linksys is trying my loyalty . As other reviews have said
 This product does not work . If you are buying this product for the VPN then find something else . It flat does n't work . Linksys support just wants to push you away , because they know it does n't work . If you have doubts , go to www.thegreenbow.com and read the faq 's about their vpn client software . There is an faq about how their people were never able to establish a tunnel with the wrv54g router . The only advice Linksys had for me was to put my server in the dmz . If I wanted to open my computer up to the whole world I would n't need their stupid router . Save yourself the headache , and pass on this one . Trust the reviews you read . I wish I had . Mine 's being picked up by fedex today , after wasting two weeks trying to get this piece of you-know-what working .
 This router looks great on paper , I with linksys behind it I was glad to give it a try.However the firmware -LRB- software that runs the router -RRB- is very unstable , causing our Internet connection to drop out every 2-3 days . This is with the latest updates as of July 2004 . The VPN support is also weak - it wo n't work with Windows XP with default VPN settings , meaning every Windows XP computer you use with this router must have special , complicated , settings to get the VPN to work.The worst part about this is that Linksys is aware of both of these problems , and has not resolved them after months and months of frustration.Could have been a great product , too bad the supporting software and company will not let it work properly .
 Constant troubles , reboot every day . Support is patetic . Do not buy
 I have had the wrv54g for about a month , and it worked fine until I needed to web into the router or use the wireless . The box locks out the ability to web in to the management interface , not the external interface -LRB- WAN -RRB- but the internal interface . And the wireless access dies at the same time.All the wired connections still function , as far as I can tell , and the firewall still functions while the management interface is locked-up . I have the latest code for the router , but I have had to reboot this thing almost once a day . This is a fairly pricey box for a home user , and Linksys has had some good products , but I would recommend staying away from the wrv54g.The reliability , or lack of , has really been disappointing . Save your money , this product is not worth half the current price .
 This unit is the worst Linksys product that I have ever encountered . The ISP assigned IP does not renew except when rebooted -LRB- must do once a day -RRB- . The VPN quit working after a week . Linksys ' support is even worse . They say `` yeah we know but we ca n't do squat right now '' . So I say why the hell did you release that to the public . Have n't you heard of testing ... . what a concept . I guess that 's what happens when you get too big .
 I bought this router from Frys store -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- hoping that it would be better than the Belkin router that I already have . Alas ! What an utter disappointment.Pros
 This router has to be one of the worst made products on the market , and has the poor customer service . This router was defective out of the box , took 3 weeks of communication with Linksys 's customer service before I finally just returned it and build my own router with the same functions .
 I bought one of these a few months ago , and promptly returned it . There were just too many bugs . Plus I have to admit I was probably a little impatient as far as working with it to get it work . I 'm one of those people that expects things to work perfectly right out of the box.Anyway , with the latest firmware release , the product seems to work well on both wireless G and RJ45 connections . I get fast and solid 54 mb connections with no problems.I did encounter trouble setting up the wireless at first . I was using the software that came with my wireless card to configure and connect . And that just would not let me connect with WPA security . So then I switched and used the stripped down interface that Windows provides , and that resolved the problem . WPA connections work just fine now.The user interface in the router is very nice . Most everything can be configured , which is nice for advanced users like me . I do not like that the unit has to reboot after most any change you make . I 've never had another router that has to reboot so much after changes.The only other glaring omission is that the user interface does not seem to have a logoff button . Makes me worry about other people being able to get in as administrator.All in all a nice unit . Maybe after the next firmware release it will get 5 stars .
 Could not use this product . Parts missing and the seller send it in a broken box . Do not buy anything from the seller . Buyer be aware .
 I upgrade a customer to this device to add the wireless capability . The were using a Linksys BEFVP41 successfully with SSH Sentinel VPN Client software . I am unable to connect with SSH Sentinel and am told by Linksys support that it does not support the SSH Sentinel software , yet , to keep checking their web site for update firmware.This is aweful that they replace a product and remove functionality .
 We bought this RAM after first checking the simpletech website to be sure it was compatible with our E-Machines . Since it said it was compatible we ordered it . Well , it did n't work in the E-Machine even after speaking with E-Machines tech support . They said `` It just is n't going to work . `` I would recommend buyers be absolutely sure the RAM works in their machine by checking with the manufacture of the computer before purchasing.After arguing with the vendor , Antonline , about returning it we had to stop payment on the credit card to get the matter resolved .
 My electrician tried to install and one speaker slipped off from his hand & was dropped on the wood floor , but the speaker broke in half . It is just too fragile .
 This product works but do n't expect to get good reception everywhere . You have to play around with the stations to get a decent clear sound . Certain places will get static no matter what so I just switch to CD and then back to the ipod when I get out of that area . Overall it works . I 'm waiting to get a new CD player that has an auxiliary port for my ipod . Until then , this is better than nothing.I could n't change my star rating but I would actually give it a 4 now . I finally got the hang of the station settings so it really does its job and does n't deserve a 2 star rating .
 This camera takes worse pictures than my old 3MP camera . !!! Pictures are grainy and out of focus . Especially indoor pictures , very bad .
 The Sony Cybershot DSC-T20 is probably the worst camera I 've ever purchased . I thought this camera would be a great update from the DSC-S600 that I used to have , with more megapixels and more technology and better looking . But the quality is not as I expected . If you really seem to want to purchase this camera , go to BestBuy or Circuit City first and try it , you 'll see what I mean . Take a picture and zoom in just a little , the image appears as if the pixels were n't in tact . Everything looks blurry , and trust me , this is not because I shake . I took dozens of pictures with the camera , and dozens with other cameras and the other cameras definitely had better resolution . You wo n't be able to see the details from a person 's face like my old camera or even any other camera can . If you do n't believe me , try the reviews , especially since there was a recent argument in the new about this camera and the T100 . It seems to me it 's the T series that has the problem , but the point is ... it really sucks .
 This is my second Sony camera that breaks down just after the warranty is over . I 'm never buying one again .
 The camera is nice and small , definitely an advantage over my old one.I 'm annoyed Sony has to have their own memory card rather than using the SD chip I 'm used to - cost me another $ 70 . My biggest complaint is the menus . They are not intuitive at ALL . My old Kodak has a dial to switch between capture modes . This could be done quickly with ease so I could take a picture and then 5 seconds later start recording a video.This thing ... I was actually too embarrassed to use one night because the event I wanted pictures of had already started and the thing was so noisy with it 's little beeps and boops and I could n't quietly find out how to turn the sound off so as to not disturb those around me.There is nothing intuitive about switching modes on this thing . Scrolls do not loop bottom/top right/left , so to get to movie mode you 've got four buttons to hit.I 've had the camera for two months now and I still have trouble switching modes . You do n't go to select , and then hit right to scroll through options . You go to select , OK -LRB- which since you have n't done anything is the last thing you think of , THEN hit `` Menu '' and scroll through options.And if you want to go back to standard auto , it 's not on that selector , it 's got a standalone menu.Every time I try and scroll through options I 'm met with error messages that the current mode does n't support flash/closeup , since the right/left buttons double as the ` quick set ' for those , respectively . Of course , I 'm not trying to change flash settings at all , just move from ISC/landscape whatever to standard photo.I do n't know how many amazing shots I 've missed or had come out blurry because I was in the wrong mode and it took me so long to navigate to the correct mode that I missed the great shot . It may take great pictures , but menus HAVE to be intuitive if you 're going to take great pictures of the moments you want .
 I bought this camera 3 years ago , and it worked beautifully until on a long trip in Yellowstone . After changing the memory card , the mirror locked up , as other posts mention , making the camera completely useless . Since I was past the warranty period , Nikon told me I would be charged , even though they had -LRB- have -RRB- a vague-enough-to-weasel-out-of service advisory out for this problem . The way the service works is to receive the camera , have a front desk monkey put it into a cost-to-repair category , which you must then authorize payment for before they will proceed to actually see what is wrong with the camera . When I asked how they knew what it would cost and why it was n't covered under the service advisory when they did n't know what the specific problem was , they just told me they always hear the same complaint -LRB- should be a warning to them -RRB- , but that 's the way they 'd always done it . I should have bought a Canon . Their service is well-known to be top-notch in the industry , and the cameras are good quality for a lower price . I highly recommend AGAINST Nikon , unless you 're buying lenses and flashes .
 Nikon service is deplorable . D70 dust fibers in lens seems to be Nikon 's Dirty Little Secret . 178 $ in warranty cleaning and I can see the swab streaks on outside yet they did not remove dust from interior of the lens . This is not a joke . I have receipts , letters and store representatives as witnesses of defect . P.S. I guess if they do n't fix it Nikon pretends they forgot your correct address as they did this to me and to others , news groups . This is days after purchase not a week . They have had the equipment for over two months yet are incapable of performing the correct repair . Are they total imbeciles ? Are they illiterate ? Do they want to remedy a factory defect ? Who knows , all I know is that my D70 kit is not growing in value at the Nikon factory and that it 's happening to other people too . Maybe they will fix it in time for the next model release . A company 's warranty repair record should concern anyone making a large purchase . It does not matter how many bells and whistles a product has when it functions , if something goes wrong and your warranty is harmful instead helpful , you 've bet on the wrong horse .
 My camera is at Nikon for second repair , First time the Flash would not retract , They fixed that problem , Now it is back as the camera does not recognise that a memory card is present . I m now in my second week of waiting for this repair .
 The Opteka 500mm f/8 Telephoto Mirror Lens is a light , composite plastic lens that uses an internal mirror instead of a lens . The lens is manual focus and does not contain an adjustable aperture diaphram . It mounts to your camera using a T-mount adapter which is included in the package . The lens can be used in Av or Manual modes.Given enough light , this lens may have produced acceptable images with film cameras but it is simply not useful with a digital SLR . The lens is n't very sharp to begin with and using it with a 1.6 X crop camera such as the XTi merely magnifies its lack of sharpness . Furthermore , the sensor in digital cameras is much more reflective than film and the lens coatings on this lens are inadequate for preventing internal reflections or ghosting which leads to a loss of contrast and color in the images it produces . This can be prevented in some cases by using a very large lens hood , however , combined with the lack of sharpness , this lens is incapable of predictably producing anything but somewhat fuzzy snapshot sized prints at best . At its worst , images will be unusable appearing blurred , drained of color and suffused with fog . This is not a lens you want to have while trying to capture a once-in-a-lifetime event . Instead of this lens , you would be much better off using a 70-300mm lens with a teleconverter or cropping the result .
 Every thing works , but the lens is very hard to use and pretty much impossible to use hand held . It is not sharp . I got better images from another lens at half the length , blown up to the same size .
 I was a little naive in the purchasing of this lens . I went around and asked a lot of different sources on getting a relatively inexpensive telephoto lens beyond 300mm . They all said the same thing - there is no such thing , if you go cheap you are wasting your money.They were right . I was extremely disappointed in this lens . If you think you 're going to freehand this without a tripod , there is no possible way to do it . If you set it up against something stationary , it 's still going to cause a snowy white image . You have to use your tripod or the shot is wasted.The quality of the photos would rate approximate 6/10 . They generally appear a little darker with quite a bit of grain.It 's nice and compact in design but if you care about the quality in photos , stay far away from this lens .
 I do n't even think this lens deserves 1 star ! It is junk . Not Sharp , very hard focus ! Do n't waste your money !
 I got the lens within a few days . Looks great , and I cant wait to use it . However , I went to put it onto my camera , and it wo n't attach . Very disappointing , now I have to hope an adapter exists . I have a canon eos xs , which it should fit into . : -LRB-
 I got this lens today and tried to shoot some pictures using Tripod . -LRB- Outdoors -RRB- . It is very difficult to focus even wioth Tripod . Even after focusing my pictures came out soft . This is not the lens for action pictures . It is well built and hence is a great paper weight .47 th photo which suppleid through Amazon is charging 15 % restocking fee for returning this item . I decided to bite the bullet and return this item .
 This lens is either not very good , or I just hav n't figured out how to use it ... On my Canon 20D , does not make `` colorful '' pictures ... But hey , it is a very economical lens ...
 I bought this a few months ago and they worked fine in the supplied Ultralast Charger for three times.After that . One battery died -LRB- voltage always 0.02 -RRB- and the other stuck around 2.5 V. I verified the charger was working , but the batteries were defective.Be warned that the company NAB refuses to even discuss this with me -LRB- it 's only $ 10 ... jeez -RRB- . Buy real lithium 123 's for $ 1 instead of this garbage.DISAPPOINTED !
 I bought the `` Frequently Bought Together '' link so that I could have 4 CR123A batteries . The charger arrived with the batteries in place . Charged for three hours , the green light never turned off so I put them in my flashlight and they did not work . I put the additional two batteries in the charger and two hours later they exploded , leaking all over my counter and the charger . I have sent them back for a refund . I am look at the Hi-Tech charger for about $ 55 but it comes with 4 batteries and a USB charging cable . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I bought these a while ago thinking that they would be a great sustainable option for my LED headlamp . How wrong I was . The first use was fine , albeit short . After that they recharged halfway twice , and now they wo n't charge at all . Not worth the time or money .
 we bought ultralast rechargeables with AA 's , AAA 's and chargers and they did not last a year . they became harder and harder to charge and held less and less of a charge . we contacted ultralast on two separate occasions through their website and they did not respond.we will not buy this product again .
 Product arrived Dead On Arrival ... Amazon will offer a full refund , of course , but spare yourself the hassle . AVOID THIS PRODUCT !
 well you ever hear `` you get what you paid for '' well this is worse then that i ordered too of these for $ 100 and when i got them i opened them they looked okay so i hooked them up and they are the worste subwoofers i have ever had i have two 8 '' 80 watt roadmaster 's that hit 5X harder then these . theres no thump what so ever and they both make a terrible rattling noise . so save your money and get somthing worth it . learn from my mistake .
 The 7500 was just delivered last night so I did n't get to play with it for long . Here are my initial impressions -- I 'll update this after I play with it more this weekend.The 7500 is very sleek and nicely styled . It comes out of the box ready to use and loading the software is easy . After turning on the unit and clicking on a disclaimer -LRB- that shows up each and every time you turn on your unit -RRB- that Garmin is not responsible for your personal safety , accidents , etc , it immediately starts searching for your location . Despite the fact that I live in Brooklyn , NY , the unit showed that I 'm really in Kansas City , MO. . This might be because I 'm in a really dense neighborhood and tall buildings are interfering with the reception . However , if the GPS ca n't pinpoint where you are because you 're in a dense place to begin with , dead reckoning is not going to help.The touchscreen menu is very nice . I like how simple and fast navigating it is . I was n't that irked when I realized the GPS was n't always going to pick up where I was -LRB- and therefore be of no use navigating -RRB- since that ca n't be helped . However , what were the designers thinking when they designed the touchscreen keyboard ? Instead of the familiar Qwerty layout , the keys are laid out alphabetically . Why , Garmin ? Why ? The GPS location problems ca n't be helped , but having a Qwerty layout instead of an alphabetical one is a no brainer.The last major thing I noticed was the language functionality of this unit . When a unit promotes itself as featuring `` international languages '' , I expect all of the major ones , at the very least . Here , Garmin includes most versions of English -LRB- British English , Australian English , US English , and Standard English -RRB- , Dutch , Spanish , Italian and French . Where 's Chinese ??? Tom Tom , a Dutch company , lives up to its billing as having `` foreign languages '' , including Chinese.The good
 I bought the 7500 after much research . It 's the most expensive unit , but Garmin seemed best , and the 7200 and 7500 have the largest screens . I only rate it two stars not because of technical short-comings , but rather because it 's not what I expected.The Pros - * All the maps -LRB- US -RRB- are included . No need to pay for extra unlocks and deal w / getting them going . * Truly did work right out of the box . * Works well with XM -LRB- I pay $ 17/month for XM Radio and Nav Traffic service , both of which interface seamlessly w / the unit -RRB- -LRB- You also have to purchase a Garmin/XM satellite antenna for this , but once you do , you essentially have a portable XM unit as well as a Nav system . -RRB- * Easily plugged into my computer , for loading of mp3s and books . * Interface is probably not the easiest , but that 's because there are so many ways to do what you need to do . If , however , you do n't want to muck w / anything , it 's ready to go , and you could just go w / the default interface.The Cons - * Calling customer service is brutal . Once I reached them , they were absolutely knowledgeable and easy to understand . But reaching them meant several failed attempts over several days . If it 's not busy , and they 're open , you 'll be on hold for a long time . After the first few tries I went with their email support . They do respond after 2 days , but after our 3rd back and forth , they told me to call because I had complex questions . I wrote them back , told them calling was difficult , and never heard back . So I did call . * At issue in that call was the fact that the 7200 and the 7500 are identical except for the couple hundred dollar price tag and the dead-reckoning -LRB- ability to calculate where you are even if you lose satellite signal -RRB- . Reading the online descriptions mentioned nothing about installation . Garmin 's own site said that it `` requires minimal installation '' . When I got the unit , the owner 's manual said that installation of the dead-reckoning cable must be performed by a Garmin-authorized , licensed technician , and basically involves connecting one wire to your car 's speed sensor , and another to the cars backup light wire . So my portable GPS unit is slightly less portable , and ` minimal installation , ' which I agreed w / customer service is relative , involves getting behind your car 's dashboard , and probably a couple hundred dollars more if you choose to go the Garmin-authorized route , as they suggest . The customer support rep told me that was just to cover themselves , but while I 'm not entirely thumbs , I 'm not comfortable drilling around in the dash of a new car . Incidentally , the Garmin rep -LRB- again , knowledgeable and helpful -RRB- told me that I should have read the owner 's manual BEFORE buying , online . Ironically , I had browsed through it , and attempted several times to call Garmin to ask them about the dead-reckoning before purchasing . In the end , I did what most people do , and just bought . * Because of its excellent screen size , do n't expect to just let this sit on a bean-bag on your dash ; better be ready to bite the bullet and put the adhesive mount on your dash , or buy one of the smaller units.So the long and short of this is that unless dead-reckoning is an absolute must , and you 're willing to do the drilling , go with the cheaper but otherwise identical 7200 . Even the owner 's manual is the same.A final note , if you 're thinking about buying one , try to figure out when their next update is due . They update once per year , usually in the summer . If you purchase within one month before they come out w / their new release -LRB- Aug 2006 -RRB- you are entitled to a free update . If not , you either run w / the software shipped , or you pay $ 75 to upgrade .
 Garmin makes registering and using their gear unnecessarily complex , with the arcane requirements , difficult to navigate validation , registration , and implementation interfaces , with all the registration codes , keys , and poor to non-existent customer support . When I went to register my Streetpilot 7500 , I listed the product line -LRB- `` On the Road '' -RRB- , check , StreetPilot , check , 7500 , check , serial number , check , date of purchase , check , Merchant , check , and , then ... their web site asks for a `` Registration Code , '' which , they say , is on a little yellow slip of paper `` found in the box . '' Needless to say , I could not find the little slip of paper with the registration code , which has made getting support difficult . Added to this , the Garmin web site does not have an e-mail product support capability that I could find , but only telephone 800 numbers which only operate on business days during business hours , and always seem to be busy then . Also , if you order this GPS unit , there is no indication that you will not be able to load much in the way of mapping software -LRB- once you can figure out how to do that ; the map unlocking and loading interface is terrible , and seems to be aimed at allowing the consumer to get as little value for their money as possible -RRB- without an SD -LRB- Secure Digital -RRB- data card , which does not come with this extremely expensive unit . Then , there is nothing on the Garmin web site indicating whether the Garmin unit will accomodate High capacity Secure Digital cards , like 8 GB , so that one can keep all one 's maps loaded in the unit , and not have to be keeping track of , and switching out , the small and fragile SD cards , each loaded with only a portion of the mapping software one uses . High priced , arcane , baffling , and redundant security requirements , and poor customer support make a bad combination for Garmin . Garmin needs to re-orient their entire approach to the business to be more user friendly and toward providing more customer support . Meanwhile , I have a $ 1,300 + paperweight on my desk at home . It is no wonder that all of my friends use GPS units made by Tom-Tom .
 I am not sure which is deffective , but the RIO I have does n't always read the chip and I am not sure which one has the problems . My guess is the chip since it reads the memory on the player fine .
 I bought a simpletech mmc 128mb for my ipaq pa-2 mp3 player . Every time when I transfer a couple of songs , always a few of songs are missing . No matter how many times I tried , it happened every time . So I called for a replacement , Amazon service is very good . I got it in the next few days . However , it happened with the new card too , there are still a few songs missing every time when I transferred songs . So I returned the product today.SanDisk card is very good , the player came with SanDisk 64 mb mmc . It works perfect . I tried a couple of times , no song was missing for even a single time . Unfortunately , I could n't find SanDisk 128 mb mmc at Amazon . Do n't know why it does n't carry it .
 I bought a simpletech 128 mmc card for my digisette mp3 player . The first one worked , but died after 3 weeks . The second one was dead out of the box , and neither defective card worked on a card reader . Lexar brand worked fine . I was attracted to simple tech because it had the lowest price , but I guess you get what you pay for . Next time I stick with Lexar .
 This item did n't work very well and I returned it the day after I received it . I subsequently purchased a Plantronics System S12 that I would recommend .
 Pros
 it kind of worked for what I needed it for . it took a while to get set up and it did work but not as well as expected
 Connecting a Bluetooth product to your home pc is a waste of time , an extensive search did not turn up any good drivers for Bluetooth for either WIN XP or WIN7 64 . I bought this to use with Motorola Bluetooth headphones , I did get it to work but not reliably , every time I connected it would take at least 1/2hr , not worth the trouble , just get something with a cord . Conclusion
 I bought this product and the installation CD had a virus on it that wiped out my whole hard drive . I will never buy from this company again .
 I just wanted a Bluetooth PC Adapter for comunicate my mini Laptop with my printer HP , nothing more . But when the product arrived to my hands i can see that it was n't what i needed it.S&oacute;lo quer&iacute;a un adaptor de Bluetooth para computadora para comunicar mi mini laptop con mi impresora , m&aacute;s nada . Pero cuando me lleg&oacute; el producto v&iacute; que no era lo que necesitaba , es un adaptador para audifonos y celulares motorola .
 I never buy an electronic device unless I 've heard good things about the manufacturer 's standards . Well Sony has been around for so many years and their higher standards and customer satisfactions have been proved over this time . After looking up different web cameras for my laptop I decided to purchase this rather costly camera . This camera had a very sleek design and good quality . It 's built in microphone answered most of my needs for a visual communication device . But after 8 months I was receiving a noisy picture , with some fixed dots across the screen , and it started getting worse and worse everyday until the screen became completely dark . I never saw any pictures coming up after that but a few times and those images were of a VERY poor quality . Since then it was mostly a black screen with horizontal lines across the screen moving up and down . So I decided to call Sony and ask for help . I swear I spent 3 hours on hold and were switched and shipped from this department to that department , and nobody seemed to be willing to help . They eventually gave me a repair confirmation number and I sent the camera to Sony Regional Repair Center in San Diego . My camera was repaired and sent back to me in 2 weeks without any charge -LRB- because I had a one year warranty on it -RRB- . The camera worked great after that for about 2 months , but again it started acting in the same way and was driving me crazy . So I called Sony and received a new repair confirmation number . The customer representative who I talked to on the phone promised that since this was a re-repair item it will be fixed for free , so I sent the camera to San Diego for the second time . 3 weeks later I received a letter from Sony , it was a bill for $ 205.00 ! They were not going to fix the camera unless I 'd agree to pay that amount . I told them that it was ridiculous , that I could buy 3 new cameras with that money . I told them to keep the piece of junk and dispose it if they want . If you want a durable camera DO NOT buy this POS . I have a Sony VAIO laptop , Sony Digital Camera , Sony Camcorder , Sony Video CD/DVD player , Sony digital sound recorder and a Sony mp3 player , and I 've never had any problems with those devices . I have always believed in Sony 's capabilities in satisfying the market 's needs , but this web camera put warning sign on my next purchases from Sony .
 what 's the point of having a color web cam when the quality is aslmost as black and white , and besides that make sure to hold on to the camera -LRB- unless you glue it to ur laptop -RRB- it 's not stable .
 I 've had two ... eventually ... about 1.5 years each ... they start fritzing out . When they work they are excellent . Not sure why the one reviewer had problem attaching to the laptop ... seems to work fine for me . However ... I gave it a low rating ... too expensive ... not durable . A year and a half life span is good for a $ 50 camera but not for this one . Better webcams for the same price or lower . Not to mention Sony Customer Service is not what it use to be . Sad but true .
 Within 18 months , the backlight failed - power button blue , screen black . It was sent off to be replaced under Fry 's extended warrantee - just the part was replaced , not the monitor . I 've seen this occurrence on other reviews of similar HP models . Interestingly , nothing wrong with the power button itself ... yet.Edit
 5 stars for the monitor . no stars for the power button . no stars for hp . a star for effort for costco.i loved the monitor . the speakers were weak but are ok when you just want to hear system sounds . i have external speakers for music . i liked the handy usb outlets.the power button broke a few months ago , close to a year after i got it . hp would do nothing . costco was willing to take it back but i would have needed to return the entire computer bundle . i 've been cruise the net every once in a while looking for instructions on repairing the switch . in the meantime , i 've been using my dell 2000fp .
 I was really looking forward to a large screen . However when this arrived I was disapointed . When the picture filled the screen it looked way to streched and out of proportion . By the time I had a good picture I could have easily had a much smaller screen . The sound from the speakers is terrible and it will not be long before I buy addition speakers for it.Dont consider this item , its just not good enough
 Stay away from this product . Like many others , I was very happy with the picture quality on this monitor . However , 4 weeks out of warranty , the small round power button on the front of the monitor broke -LRB- disappearing into the case -RRB- which renders the whole monitor useless . HP customer support could n't care less -- they tried to sell me another monitor . HP does n't even offer any kind of paid-for repair service that would help me recover part of my investment . Since I can see from Google searches that the power button problem is common with the HP F2105 -LRB- many are breaking inside the warranty after only light use -RRB- , you would do well to trust this product no longer than its warranty period .
 Yes , this monitor looks great . I like everything about it except for its extremely flimsy power button , which has broken in two different occasions . On both occasions the power button just sank in when pressing it with normal pressure . Once it happens it is almost impossible to turn it on or off so you need to get it replaced . -LRB- As a side note , we rarely use the power button because we have a screen saver so it did not happen from excessive use -RRB- . HP has replaced our monitor 3 times -LRB- free of charge -RRB- , two for the power button issue and another because one of the monitors they shipped was damaged in transit . It looks like this is a serious quality issue . I am not sure if the power button will break again now that we are on our fourth monitor , but we 'll probably look for another monitor if it does .
 I purchased my HP Media Center system with the HPf2105 monitor in Feb of 2006 . On August 23 , 2006 my power button broke and unlike others it dropped on to my desktop ! Since it was within the 1 year warranty period , HP promplty sent me a replacement . Here I am 7 months later -LRB- just over 30 days outside of my original warranty -RRB- and this power button is broken as well . Over an hour on the phone and still waiting to hear what will be done . I 'd pass on another HP monitor since they obviously ca n't last more then 6 months of moderate use .
 For $ 20 , it 's not a bad deal at all . The sound is decent and it connected to my phone easily enough . My only complaint is that it does n't fit in my ear snugly . I used it at the gym today and although it never fell out , the set would start working its way out occasionally . I was rowing and using the elliptical when this happened . I have n't ran with them in yet , but I can forsee a problem with them staying in . But for the price , they are a great deal and I 'm sure I 'll get lots of use out of them.UPDATE
 I 've owned these for a few months now , and I find that I 'm looking for an alternative . The concept is great , and the compact nature is wonderful . The two halves connect together magnetically and , although it might seem inconvenient at first , the controls are actually very easy to access . The battery life seems to be really good . I 've been able to go full work days without completely draining the batteries . And not having a cable to anchor me to my media player is wonderful.On the negative side , the headset does n't use a standard micro-USB connector although it does come with a USB cable for charging . It also does n't appear to resync like it should . About 50 % of the time I need to go into my Droid 2 and force connectivity . I do n't need to do that with any other Bluetooth devices.The biggest problem is that the actual headphones rest on the inside of the ear lobe . They do not and can not stay firm against the ear canal because the speakers are just too big . That results in a * huge * loss of fidelity and volume and allows a lot of leakage from the outside environment , and they feel like they 're ready to fall out . You can actually feel the gap between the speaker and the ear canal by placing your finger on the top of the speaker while it 's in your ear . If you hold the headphones right against the canal , the headset actually has great audio fidelity ; but it 's completely impractical to hold the headphones in place , and because of the design you lose a LOT of that fidelity.I used nothing earbuds for over a year before I tried these and I got used to the good treble/midrange and deep bass because the audio was being delivered directly to the inner ear . The stupid design of these headphones unfortunately results in a huge loss of fidelity . If you can deal with that because of the convenience of having Bluetooth , more power to you . But if sound quality and comfort matter , keep looking .
 I have been shopping here at amazon.com for a long time and am always very satisfied with their products . However , after several unhappy experiences , I decided to write this down and see if they can improve the quality of this product.I am a runner and usually run 7 miles a day , 4 time a week , and I use my ipod while running . I used to use the original white ipod headphones , and it started to get wet -LRB- from sweating -RRB- and stop working few months ago . I saw many good reviews here at amazon.com about this `` Sennheiser MX75 Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Sport Headphones '' , and I placed an order at July/11/2008 . The package came very fast , and I started to use it.All I want to say is DO NOT BUY IT . I have nothting to recommand it except the nice carry case.First of all , the sound quality is not as good as the original ipod headphones . I did not like ipod headphones , but after this Sennheiser set , I found that Ipod headphones are much nicer.Second , the cord is way too long . I do not understand what kind of sports or activities need this long cord . It is either unconvenient when I am running , or storing them into my gym bag . It is very annoying that you have to spend time deal with it when you need them.The last complain is the biggest issue I have , and decide to write this review . IT IS `` NOT '' sweat and water resistant !!!! again , IT IS NOT ! It worked fine the first few days . After the first week , the phonesets would stop working properly after about 3 or 4 miles run . It is just getting worse and worse . Today is August 18 , and it stopped working even I just had a easy 15 minutes jog . -LRB- and I am a 130 pounds normal guy who DOES NOT sweat a lot ! -RRB- I know this is a award winning product because I read it in ID magazine , and I always believe good reviews here . However , this headphones either have qualty contral problems , or do n't work like what they expected . All I can say is do not waste your money on this , or you will start to write your first review just like me .
 The twist to fit does not work very well . They are very uncomfortable . Not the best sound quality . I was adjusting the bud in my ear -LRB- which you have to do often to try and make it more comfortable -RRB- and it snapped off of the bar that connects to the bud . Now it is holding on by the wires and starting to make a cracking sound . I recommend that you do NOT buy these .
 I bought these because I wanted something affordable , with decent sound quality , and something that would be good to use while running/working out . These were great ... for about 15 minutes . The 2nd time I put them into my ear the piece of plastic on the outside of the right earbud popped off . It was just cosmetic , but annoying it happened literally the 2nd time I used them.I got used to the `` twist '' concept just fine . The buds have an extra node on them fits into a fold in the ear to keeps the buds very secure in your ear . It also improves the sound quality since it positions itself just right in your ear . It works fine for me - although I have never had a problem with earbuds falling out of my ear before . But it does get uncomfortable after a long while.So the real problems started within 1 week of having these . On the nodes for the `` twist '' mechanism is a tiny piece of plastic padding - used for comfort since a piece of plastic is pressed into your ear . The padding on both buds popped off and is gone . So now they are quite uncomfortable to wear . They are very tiny , so once they fall out good luck finding them.Around the each bud is a ring of plastic used to keep the speaker portion inside the bud casing - on both buds that plastic ring has fallen off . After that the mesh front to the left speaker fell off , since the retainer ring was gone . If I use them anymore , the right one will soon fall out also.What these are are headphones with nice sound quality and a unique design that are rather poor in quality . I have taken care of these in the short few weeks I have had them , so there is no excuse for them to fall apart so quickly . Plus these are a sport design - they are supposed to be more rugged that normal ear-buds . My iPod earbuds and other cheap $ 10 head phones all out lasted these . I am rather disappointed .
 The earphones does not fit all . I can tolerate it and I think my ears has gotten used to it , but I 've had my fare of rashes to get to that point.Also the cord sheating is not as durable considering it 's a sports earphones . My cord ended up having cracks up and down the whole thing . The wire inside started showing . I bought it because I hear sennheiser was pretty good with sound and I wanted to hear my audio while working out -LRB- gyms can be noisy -RRB- and the sound did end up being pretty decent . But it seems like the hardware is pretty flimsy and fragile . I treated it like any normal earphones and cheaper ones did n't get cracks in it 's cord.Oh yeah and the pads for the earphones kept falling off . I 'd sometimes lose it without knowing .
 It is not worth it to buy these headphones instead of $ 15 - $ 20 Sony , Nike or Koss headphones . I was looking for an upgrade over that basic level and I thought this would be it . I was wrong . Yes , the sound quality is better but the headphones have many downsides . First , I 've owned the headphones for 7 months and the wire covering is already frayed . Second , the length of the cord is insanely long and incredibly annoying . And finally , they only do an average job of staying put in the ear while running , especially that they claim to have the twist to fit system . Save money , buy something else .
 Dont waste your money . I have what they call an average ear canal , and these things absolutely refuse to stay in my ear . I hate them . Save your money .
 I am very disappointed by these headphones . They fall out of my ears every two minutes and I wish I had not purchased them .
 These are not the headphones to purchase for strenuous exercise . The sound quality is questionable and they continuously fall out of your ears . Buy the Sennheiser PMX 80s . They are perfection , have fine sound and do exactly what a jogger , biker , blader , etc. expects of good headphones .
 Since I workout and do cardio six days/week , I rely on my music to keep me motivated . These headphone have very little bass which , for me , make for a weak sound . With other headphones -LRB- like the ones that came with my iPod -RRB- I normally have the volume at about 75 % . In order to achieve the same volume with the Senheiser 's I had to crank it up to 95-100 % . While they did stay in my ears , I was constantly messing with the green cord -LRB- trying to straighten it out -RRB- which was very long and never lost it 's springy , curled-up shape .
 These Sport earbud heaphones did not fit correctly despite my constant attempts to make them fit . After the 4th workout on treadmill I got tired of them and bought a different pair that I love to use .
 I love listening to my iPod on the treadmill at the gym , but , alas , have sweaty , sweaty ears that ca n't keep earbuds in them . The twist-to-fit design of the MX55 's seemed like a good solution and I 'm a huge fan of the Sennheiser brand . Unfortunately , I also have really small ears.When I wear these sitting in one place , it hurts like crazy after about 10 minutes . When I try to endure these while running , I do the whole twist-to-fit thing , and they start twisting back out once I get a good sweat going.Sound quality is not bad . You get what you pay for and a little extra.I had to give them 2 stars because they are too painful for me to wear and I 'd feel bad giving them to someone else after having sweat all over them , so they 're just collecting dust . The case is a nice plus , though . So shiny!Now , I am on the small side -LRB- 5 ' 3 '' female -RRB- , but my ears are not freakishly small or anything . I use the CX-300s and use the smallest bud without problems . So , if you have small-ish ears , steer clear of these .
 These ear buds are super crappy and fell apart as soon as they were out of the package . The silver part comes off the housing quite easily , and the rubberized ear pads do n't stay attached either . Finally , if you have small ears , the additional nubbin is useless .
 i have owned these for a couple of months . they fall out of my ears all the time . i am now upgrading to another pair of headphones . when i first bought them they held up ok . now after more time , the right ear bud falls out constantly and the one side longer than the other chord is annoying also .
 While these sound amazing initially , unfortunately I found problems that made these unusable for working out : -LRB- 1 -RRB- small green pads fall off and are lossed because they are so tiny -LRB- 2 -RRB- frequently fall out of ears when running , and on eliptical runner -LRB- 3 -RRB- once saturated with sweat the sound is distorted , and I found the sound quality so irritating after that I had to turn it off for the rest of my workout
 Took the earbuds out of the box , fit the different rubber pads on them , tried them on , took them off , and threw them into the trash . My ears hurt for the next 20 minutes.These are by far the worst design in earbuds possible . The `` twist to fit '' protrusion is so big that the designer must have had ears the size of an elephants to come up with this disaster of a design.Further , the construction is CHEAP and plasticky , the rubber attachments only make the earbuds more and more uncomfortable . The length of the cable is quite short compared to regular earbuds . The changeable colour panels keep falling off the earbuds and the mesh covering the earpiece is very very flimsy.The best part about the earbuds is the case in which it comes which is stylish and good quality . Too bad the earbuds dont do the case justice.Shame on Sennheiser for producing such a piece of junk .
 While visually appealing and an absolute GREAT fit in the ear for joggers/athletes , the plastic casing around the wire splintered in multiple places within a mere day of use-rendering them essentially useless . I was incredibly disappointed .
 Sound quality is decent enough . Bass production is pretty much non-existent . My main gripe with the pair , however , is the fact that they are all too fragile . They saw very light use from me and even despite that they started falling apart very soon after purchase . The ear pieces have many components that are removable , and that is the problem . They are not secured well enough . They are constantly falling out . I own a wireless Sennheiser headset that I could n't praise enough . But the pair in question is of very shoddy quality . I ca n't remember how much I paid for the pair , but if the current price is of any indication , I thoroughly got ripped off . They sound like a $ 10 pair and are of the quality of a $ 5 pair . I 'd suggest buying them only when they fall to that price .
 I had trouble getting these ear buds to go in my ear then stay in once I start sweating . I 'm not trying to push them in my ear so I do n't understand why this is happening . So overall I would say they are just ok since when I am able to get them to stay in my ear , which is when I 'm hardly sweating , they work fine .
 The Sennheiser MX55 earphones are overall a failed product . The sound quality is mediocre at best . Sometimes the sound will muffle because it ca n't handle any bass whatsoever and when there 's no bass the sound seems so tiny . The sound feels more outside your head than inside , which is not good . As far as the stability of the earphones on your ears , it 's only average . I 'm a baseball pitcher which requires a lot of long distance jogging . After a game when I 'm running poles , I find myself pausing a lot trying to fix them back into my ear . When you run , the wire will bounce off your chest , and because the earphones are not very secure , it wo n't be long before you have to twist them back in your ear . This is very tedious and after about a week of putting up with it , I stopped using them . The case it comes with is pretty much pointless because it does n't protect the earphones at all , only the wires . I regret getting these earphones , I would not recommend them to anyone . I got some Philips ear phones that have a plastic piece to wrap around the back of your ear and they work like a charm , the sound quality is average on those but its so nice not having them fall out when exercising . If you 're looking for sound quality then get the Skullcandy Smokin ' Buds , they 're amazingly crisp and the bass is great.So , whether you 're looking for sound quality or exercise phones , the MX55 is not it . Check out something else.-Glenn
 I ca n't believe I fell for buying these expensive as hell headphones , all of the positive reviewers must not have ever made a trip to Walmart to buy headphones with rubber fittings for like $ 15 . These headphones suck for the following reasons : * Fit - what they do is force themselves against the upper portion of the ear which after a few minutes becomes extremely painful . The cord is longer on one side on purpose , BY A LOT so you have that wire hanging in your mouth/face the whole time due to the cord been coiled . I prefer to have cord hanging straight down and out of my face . * Sound - no base like you would get from headphones that fit into your ear , I did not realize how much it sounds better when the headphones go inside your ear instead of been outside . * Cost - you are paying only for the looks and packaging.Positives : I will keep the clipper that came with them , it is a very nice clipper and I will use it on my $ 10 set of headphones I been using at the gym . Too bad this clipper cost me $ 50 . Lessons learned
 I do not recommend Sennheiser 's MX75 headphones.First , the good features :1 . As with all Sennheiser products , these earphones deliver first rate sound for its price range .2 . The earphones are very comfortable and easy to fit properly using the included pads .3 . Once inserted in the ear , these earphones will not fall out due to vibration , movement or sweating.However , the cord has ugly problems :1 . The cord is unusually stiff and consequently tends to be tough to manage . This is especially true when the phones are first removed from the package , as the cord maintains a sort of corkscrew shape for quite some time .2 . The cord running to the right earphone is substantially longer than the one connecting to the left earphone . The result is annoying slack around the face and neck .3 . The cord is the ugliest possible shade of green.All in all , should Sennheiser offer a new product using the same earphones , but with conventional wiring , I 'll be a buyer . Until then , I 've given up on using these lime green annoyances .
 I received these as promised from Amazon , however , Sennheiser apparently does n't do any quality control on their products . The cable on the left side was only about 4 inches long while the one on the right was about 12 inches and there was no way to adjust them . Effectively useless right out of the box .
 Never have I owned a pair of headphones that were both poorly designed and constructed.On the plus side , for the first day -LRB- yes day -RRB- they were ok an the sound was good . Unfortunatly they began to fall apart shortly afterwards and sound never came through well after that.Construction : Week 1
 These earphones are junk . Cheap construction leads to horrific sound with tinny base that bottoms out at high volumes , lots of distortion , and the rubber ear pieces all fell off within a month . The twist and fit design is a novel idea that does secure the ear buds for active pursuits , however they are uncomfortable when worn for a long time -LRB- e.g. plane rides -RRB- and useless once the rubber parts fall off . Two stars are given instead of zero because they do play music , so are slightly better than nothing .
 very misleading reviews ! ... the bass in these is hardly worth mentioning and the poorly designed cord ? why would you make one side longer than the other ? ... these are horrible do n't waste your money on these !
 Sennheiser MX55VC Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Headphones w / Volume ControlExpensive -- VERY expensive for such a shoddy product.Sound quality -- Dreadful ! Either all bass or all treble -- no mid-range at all.Cords -- all twisted up like a corkscrew -- very annoying . Earpiece cords are uneven lengths -- even more annoying , especially since it sets the in-line volume control off to one side , making access more difficult.Ear buds -- The so-called `` twist-to-fit '' is a joke . I played around with them for a half-hour and could n't get a better fit , no matter how much I tried.Carrying case -- Pathetic ! You have to put this together yourself and it is ugly beyond belief.In short , the worst headphones I 've ever owned . I will NEVER buy Sennheimer products again and will actively campaign against them to friends and acquaintances who might be considering a new pair of buds.Amazon only allows posting with a One Star minimum , but I actually rate these ZERO STARS !
 The sound on the Sennheiser phone changes a lot . Sometimes the music is loud and sometimes low . The volume knob is not that good . The only good thing is that it partially stays in your ear . I cut off one piece because the two different cord lengths were annoying .
 I owned these for less than 24 hours before returning them due to them having almost no bass.I noticed the poor bass response within 60 seconds of using them for the first time.I find it ironic that these are `` sport '' headphones , given that most people listen to electronic music with deep , driving bass while they exercise , and these headphones performed VERY POORLY with that kind of music.We 've all had that experience on the treadmill when we are about to give up , about to slow down , and then all of a sudden your music picks up with a great , strong beat and it completely reinvigorates you , and gives you motivation to keep going . These headphones will ROB YOU of that experience!So what if they stay in your ears . Since the music they provide is annoyingly tinny , you wo n't want them in your ears anyway!I bought these to replace my stone-age Sony sport walkman-style headphones , the kind that pop out of your ears as soon as you start sweating and moving around . Amazingly , the old-school Sony headphones sound absolutely INCREDIBLE compared to these Sennheisers . I guess I 'd rather adjust my headphones every 5 minutes than have consistently poor sound quality.Buyer beware .
 Not that comfortable and not that great sounding . Do yourself a favor and get some in-ear earbuds
 I purchased these about 1 month back because the headphones that came with my current mp3 player fell out of my ear while on the treadmill . Thus , I purchased these because they were sweat resistent and claimed to stay in your ear while running . Well , 1 month later and I 'm returning them for 2 reasons
 The sound on these things is ok , I bought them for using in the gym , but the twist to fit feature is downright painful , please stay away from this product even if its on sale and you are tempted as I was .
 I had high hopes for this product when I purchased it . I was disappointed in the comfort level of these earbuds . They left my ears hurting after wearing for less then an hour , plus the sound was not that great . I did give them two weeks before I returned them . If you are like me and are considering getting in ear headphones or something like these , definitely go for the in ear .
 These just did n't work with my ears . I ended up buying the Sennheiser sport headphones instead and love them .
 I listen to a mp3 player for several hours a day while I 'm at work , so I have tried many different sets of earbuds . This set has to be the worst ones I 've ever used . They 're uncomfortable , even after changing out the different size ear peices . The sound quality is horrible at moderate to high volume . And for some reason , that I can not figure out , the wire on one side is more than twice as long as the one on the other side . I do n't recommend them to anyone that has a good ear for audio quality . The only reason that I give them 2 stars is because , despite everything else , they do seem to stay in my ear pretty well .
 I bought this to use while excercicing.It 's a great headphones . the problem is that I kept loosing the Green pads on the edgeswhich made the whole thing uncomfortable ...
 I bought these headphones for my husband who works out and runs every day . They were uncomfortable and the sound quality was not very good . Did n't take long for the sound to go out in one of the earphones .
 I have a pair of Sennheiser MX 500 ear buds that I bought for $ 14.95 that I really like a lot . I hoped that the MX 75 's would be a noticeable improvement over the others due to the fact that they cost twice as much . Maybe it 's the fit , but I could never get much bass response . If I held the ear buds just right in my ears they sounded decent , but I ca n't walk around holding them in place , can I ? Yesterday I tried them out while mowing my lawn . About halfway through I went back inside and got out my trusty MX 500 's and was much happier with them -LRB- they also have a handy volume adjustment built right into the cord -RRB- . As far as I 'm concerned I just wasted $ 40 .
 Perhaps I have unusual ears , but the `` twist to fit '' method did not work at all for me . I tried all the attachments , big and small , and am STILL not clear or what is supposed to happen with the `` twist '' the little nob above the earphone just kind of floats above the speaker . Regardless of which way I twist it it never `` securely attaches '' to my ear . Read all the good reviews and am very dissapointed . Also , there are NO directions for implementing the twist to fit method -- obviously most people here dont need it , but I did .
 The ear pieces are very difficult to keep in one 's ear ... I do n't have a big ear or a small one , but somehow , the way this item is made , it just does n't fit well ... I do not recommend this product at all !!
 Sennheiser should be ashamed to sell products of this low quality . The coiled cable is a terrible design that does nothing besides make them much harder to get untangled . The earphones come with a variety of little interchangeable parts but they attach so loosely that they are ripped off and lost within a matter of days under normal use -LRB- as in , putting them into and taking them out of your pocket -RRB- . First , both of the decorative plastic pieces fell off . Then the rubber discs fell off that form part of the twist-to-fit system . Then the rubber rings around the speakers themselves fell off . I threw the earphones away after I had run out of the various spare parts that Sennheiser includes with the earphones.Moreover , the sound quality just is n't good . Not as good as the stock ipod earphones , and certainly not anywhere close to Sennheiser good .
 I sent these back to Amazon right away . These are the most uncomfortable earbuds I 've tried . It 's like trying to stick a nickle in your ear . Horrible ergonomics !!! This `` twist-to-fit '' stuff is awful ; uncomfortable and they just pop right out of your ear . I got a pair of V-MODA Bass Freq Earbuds instead & I love them . Wonderful full frequncy sound and very comfortable to wear .
 These sound great and stay in place but are very uncomfortable . I would not buy again !
 I 'm sure in 2006 these were great . They cling to your ear using a rubber tip around the earbud , and an extra disk just above each earbud with the same type of rubber . And certainly you can twist these in your ear to create a tighter or looser fit , however its a bit of a guessing game . The most aggravating thing about these headphones is that regardless of which way I turned them , after an hour of use , my ears were throbbing . Also there are times where I want to wear just one headphone to be aware of my surroundings , but there is no sliding piece to adjust the cord length between headphones . The volume control is nice , and if you plan your volume settings correctly , you may be able to just use the slider when you want things a bit quieter , such as when you stop in a store to buy something , or when you jog into an area with heavy traffic in all directions . The only problem I have with the volume control is that if you wear these headphones around the back as they were meant to be worn -LRB- left cord is shorter than right cord -RRB- , the volume control ends up hanging off your left shoulder blade . I felt like this defeated the purpose . These earbuds definitely made me want to invest in a pair of wireless earbuds , until I stumbled upon some isolation earbuds that fit comfortably and got the job done . The coolest thing about these mx55v 's by Sennheiser , is that a -RRB- the volume control works nice , b -RRB- they 're Sennheisers , and c -RRB- the outer metallic-painted plastic pieces that cover the the headphone backs are swappable . Where one buys the swaps , however , is beyond my interest . I suggest you get these only if you get a great deal on them and you desperately need some headphones that will cling to your ears like airplane gremlins .
 I really wanted to like this product . I liked the look of them , as far as earbuds go they are relatively comfortable , and the stay put nicely in the ear . The sound is pretty nice . But for something marketed as `` rugged '' they are entirely too fragile . Within 3 months , and with fairly gentle use , the headphone cord separated from the headphone jack . I tried to contact Sennheiser about the warranty but recieved no response . I was disappointed , but I gave the product another try - mainly because the fit was nice . I bought another pair . Today , after about 6 months use , I noticed that the green coating of the cord is splitting near one of the earbuds , revealing the wires underneath . I am really surprised that these have n't held up well , I have not used them in any kind of rough way and stow them in the little pouch they provide . so disappointing .
 I have a hard time keeping iPod buds in my ears . I bought these because of the locking mechanism . That mechanism does work but does n't keep the bud far enough into my ear to generate reasonable bass . I also find that even with the smallest pad , my left ear hurts after 10-15 minutes . If I hold them in place I can tell that the sound is quite good but having to hold them in place kinda defeats the purpose . I 'd suggest trying these out in a store to make sure they suit your ear shape before buying .
 When buying this product , I had hoped that the various silicone pads would allow the unit fit in my ear easily ... well no such luck.The sound is wonderful and the construction looks tough enough for outdoor hiking and biking . But if you have small ears - - look some where else . Guess this will be sold to someone or donated to a friend.I plan to buy the around the neck version PMX70 , hope those work and fit better .
 I had another pair of sennheiser headphones I liked better . These are irritating to the inner ear and the left and right sides are different lengths and easily get caught and ripped out of your ears while you are working out . I would not recommend these .
 The sound is equivalent -- no better , no worse -- than older ear bud headphones from Sennheiser . That is to say , about $ 10 - $ 20 Sony quality , with Sony having more bass and Sennheisers having perhaps a tiny touch more high end detail . The Sonys play louder , too . Sony MDR-E828LP Fontopia Earbuds with Winding Case -- I buy a set of these for 10 to 20 bucks whenever I need a new set and they remain the best option . Markedly better sound quality and louder than iPod buds . Cheap , so perfect for working out . They stay in my ears very well.The problem with these Sennheisers is -- there is a green removable rubber gasket around the speaker itself and a round green piece that helps hold them in place . I say that they are removable , but they are not INTENDED to be removed . They are rubber , rather than plastic , and the idea is that the rubber helps the phones stay put.Unfortunately , the gaskets and rubber pieces come off when taking them off -- which means that you might miss where you lose the small rubber pieces and -- bounce bounce -- you will have a hard time finding them . I used mine about 4 days a week for a month and the first gasket came off and was lost . Within a week , another of the rubber peices came off , and then the second rubber gasket came off the other earphone . It is a clever design , but due to sharp edges , I can no longer use these headphones . Without the gaskets , the sharp edges will irritate your ears.I got them on sale and decided to give them a whirl based upon sound quality and fit good reviews . The Sonys I mentioned before easily match the sound quality , play louder , and stay in my ear as well . And , are cheaper , and can be used until they really break , unlike the Sennheisers , which are junk because ill-planned rubber gaskets come right off the phones . I would NOT buy them again and I 'd suggest the Sonys . Good luck.I have never had a problem with earphones falling out of my ears , but do not think that these held into my ears any better than an average set of phones .
 I purchased these earphones about 4 months ago based on the supposedly `` innovative '' design and the Sennheiser name . My intention was to use them for jogging/the gym , as my Sony headphones do n't have a good fit . A total waste of 30 + bucks . The Sennheisers consistently fall out of my ear . I had to go back to using my $ 15 Sony earphones - the sound is n't great , but they do n't fall out of my ear.My assessment of the sound : Highs/Treble - GoodMids - OkLow/Bass - Bad -LRB- I 'm still waiting for the basswind to kick in -RRB- . Some folks have written pretty decent reviews , so I guess it stays in for them . I would advise against buying these unless you have a friend who owns them and who will let you try them on for size - they might not let you run in them , but a quick , brisk walk would suffice ! Yes , they did fall out of my ears just by walking !
 Do not buy this product . As good as the sound , wires are constantly tangled . Takes 5 minutes every day just to get the headphones into my ears and be on my way.When you unpack the headphones , they come curled up ... get used to it , they will be that way forever . Very frustrating ... too many good products to have this poor an implementation !
 I bought these headphones for running . I never got a chance to try to run with them -- they do not fit my ears at all ; and I tried all of the attachments .
 These do stay put when you move and they are not that hard to figure out once you look at the picture on the website . However , the cord is horrible - it is way too long and it kinks . These also look very big and awkward . I returned mine and bought BudFits . I love them . I could not keep earbuds in for more than a minute or two when I was running , but the Budfits attach to the original ipod earbuds , are adjustable , keep them in place perfectly , and are less than $ 10 . I think they would fit on most other earbuds besides just the original ipod earbuds.Innovelis BudFits - Vanilla WhiteInnovelis BudFits - Stealth Black
 So I received these headphones for Christmas and loved the styling and new idea of twist-to-fit . Oh was I wrong . To begin , the cord on these is a spun cord that keeps a circular shape , so it can expand when needed and contract when less length is needed . The problem is that it gets snagged and tangled up on anything around you . One bud is shorter from the split than the other to so you can place the left , and run the line behind your neck to the other ear . Again , it gets snagged on my shirt and the right one is constantly getting tugged on , never allowing them to both stay in the right spot for an even sound . AHHH !! To continue , the extra rubber pieces that fit behind the fold in your ear -LRB- Twist-To-Fit -RRB- makes your ears sore after a half hour of usage . For people who survive a hard workout with their ipod , these will cause more discomfort than you need . To top all this off , and complete this review , the tangling of the `` spun '' cord on the extra rubber pieces and the rest of it is unbearable . Taking an extra 2 minutes out of my busy day to untangle some headphones is foolish . They DO have decent sound , but are such a hassle that it ruins the entire experience . Listen to the 5-star reviews from Sennheiser employees if you want , but you will probably end up smashing these on the wall in frustration . Sorry Sennheiser , your new idea on these turned out awful .
 They worked well for about 2 weeks but the left earbud gave me a strong static shock , the kind you get when you touch your car.I was sitting down listening to the music with the earbuds in my ears for a while so it was n't a build up on my part . At first I thought it was a one time ordeal and ignored it.Then it happened two more times . Sad , I liked these since they actually fit in my odd ears .
 I am a runner and bought these to combat common problems like headphones coming loose while , cord vibration from wind , etc. . They do a good job of staying in place while you run . That is good . However , I have had a lot of problems . First , in the ` snug ' position , where they would not move around while I ran , the sound from each headphone was quite different . I could adjust their position to sound the same , but then the adjusted headphone would not stay in place . The pads come loose very easily as well . I never lost one , bought that was more luck than anything else . The cord is a freaking nightmare to deal with , and untangling it is a recurring 1-2 minute tax you pay every time you use these headphones . The plug on the headphones can also make it hard to use them with some armbands , like the Nike one designed to work with the Nike + iPod sensor.Finally , but most importantly , these headphones did not last for me . I had them just over a year when I suddenly got an electric shock from them while running . The cover over the speaker on the right headphone had come lose , resulting in exposed electric wire coming into contact with my ear .
 I 'm still not sure entirely how these are supposed to work , but I tried every sort of twist and turn I could to get these to stay in my ear , but they would never stay in and be in a position that I could actually hear anything . I had several family members try it and none could get it to sit right . Maybe we just have strange ears .
 They hurt my ears while running . Then if you try to adjust them while running , they fall out if you do n't get them in right .
 I do NOT recommend the Sennheiser MX55 . Earlier this year , I bought a pair and less than a month later , the plastic covers began unraveling in several places showing the bare wire underneath.In fact , one of the user pictures on the Amazon site shows the same thing happening . It 's too bad too since the sound quality was decent while it lasted .
 This is based on about 8 months of use a few times a week . I use them during cario so sweat is a big factor ... * Cord : * Pro
 These are made by Sennheiser , so expect great sound quality , especially for in-ear buds.However , where these lack is in construction . There are so many little parts to these headphones that you invariably lose pieces . The rubber on the ear phones are customizable so they fit to your ear . They also fall out and get lost easily ; currently , I have two differing sizes between the two ears because I 've lost the right sized ones . The little plastic extrusion that juts off the top also has a rubber piece that is easily lost.Bottom line , these headphones are probably great if you never move them -LRB- say , only use at desk -RRB- . But if you 're like me an work out with them , use them for commute , there is little doubt that the headphone you have in two months wo n't be the one you have today .
 these fall out of your ears when you sweat a lot like I do when running i have tried all the different combinations of the ear thingys and they just dont stay in
 I gave these a try because of the innovation with twist-to-fit , reasonable price and the different sizes of silicone covers included . I must have small ear openings because I ca n't get these to stay in my ear with any of the different fittings . I 'd also say the cord is very thin and easily susceptible to entanglement .
 I bought these earphones because of their reputation for quality and the ability to stay in your ears during exercise . Sennheiser delivers on the quality side ; the MX75s appear well built and solidly assembled . The sound is above average , too . But these things just wo n't go into my ears . The cheap phones that came with my iPod fit better . And there are no instructions on how to use the `` twist lock '' system other than one small picture on the packaging with a couple of arrows indicating ... well , something . Another gripe is that the cord seems to go out of its way to curl and tangle on itself , more so than normal cords.I expected a better fit and got a worse fit . I returned these for a refund .
 Initially I really liked these headphones . They have a few different stopper sizers for the buds , to try to fit in your ears , and one set seemed to work well for me . However , the wire casing started cracking in a few places after a few months of regular use , and finally , right at the plug . They lasted less than a year .
 These did n't fit my ears well and the sound quality is nothing to write home about . I run so I like to have loud music with substantial bass to push me along .
 I could n't figure this thing out ... I twisted forward , I twisted backward ... it never felt snug , and kept falling out . Granted , I never used all the extra ear-sizing accessories , but sheesh who has the time . You really got to dig this into your ear to hear any sound or turn it up real loud . The abnormally long right side length was odd too . I tried rearranging this many different ways and the extra cord just curled around my neck - it was quite distracting .
 I bought these because according to the specs they should have been pretty good . I have also had full size headphones from Sennheiser and they were amazing.These headphones sound very bright . Lot 's of highs and mids . This is fine , but they are lacking in the bass department . Not only that , they do try to reproduce the bass but distort it . So when you turn the volume up a little and it 's a bassy song , it sounds like you 're listening to a bad recording.They do fit my ear fine , quite well actually , it obviously depends from person to person how they fit . Unfortunately this does n't make the sound any better.All in all I 'm disappointed and they will end up in a drawer somewhere . My search for a good sounding affordable in-ear-phone continues ...
 I needed to replace my gym headphones and decided on these because of the brand , engineering , color and style . I am returning them and going with something different , here is why.Pros
 Hmm . . for $ 40 earbud headphones -LRB- that are n't in-ear -RRB- I was expecting a bit more . Maybe it 's just the fact that they are earbuds but they do n't sound any better than the standard iPod earbuds . For a premium brand like Sennheiser -LRB- I also own a set of HD 575 big headphones , and smaller around the neck PMX 200s , both excellent headphones -RRB- . I got these for the gym and for walking on the way to work , as I do n't care for the extra effort of anything larger . The problem however is they are pretty uncomfortable , I do n't quite get the Twist to Fit feature . One problem I had with my iPod earbuds is they would often fall out of my ear enough to hurt the sound , and these do a better job with that , but they fit oddly and I 'm definitely not geting optimum sound of them due to that.The real problem however is the green rubber buds that give you two options for ear coverage . The iPod-like ones work the best , BUT they fall off very easily . I use an iPod nano and simply wrap my headphones around it when on the go , placing it in my pocket , and unravelling when I listen to it . This worked with no problem on the iPod . But with these it only took a few days of that before they started falling off . Before you know I 'd lost one on the floor , which my cat proceeded to start chewing on -LRB- and tear in half -RRB- one day . Down one . I replace with the other set , and 2 days later those have also vanished . Presumably fell out of my pocket or something . Now these are useless till I get some replacements , which cost $ 5 from Sennheiser , and another $ 5 for shipping !! I do n't know if they 're shipping theset things from Germany or what but for things that ca n't cost more than a cent to manufactur they sure are raping me . I 'm going to have to get them though , and I 'm also going to get a tube of Superglue in the hopes of gluing them on will prevent them from falling off ever again.In short , do n't buy these if you 're looking for a replacement for the iPod earplugs , they 're no better . The odd cable arrangement where one side is longer than the others that many have mentioned also here is definitely very strange too . It works , but it just looks goofy . Could be a problem in certain scenarios .
 I waited for more than six months to write this review because I wanted to see how the headphones would hold up to use . The verdict
 This was one of my worst purchases of 2006 . The `` Twist-To-Fit In-Ear '' technology does n't work and I kept having to pause my running to adjust the headphones . I eventually gave up and they 're sitting in one of my drawers gathering dust.I wish someone from Sennheiser would contact me and offer a full refund.Very disappointed .
 For whatever reason , normal ` ear bud ' style headphones wo n't stay in my ears when i 'm in motion . They tend fall out with the slightest movement , much less when I 'm running . And since I enjoy listening to music when i 'm working out , this has always been a little bit of an issue . So i was intrigued when i saw these Sennheisers - usually solid in the field of audio equipt - with ` twist-to-fit ' plugs . Well , while the twist-in phones work okay - they do deliver what they promise in the sense that they WILL stay in your ear -LRB- although to do so , they have to be sort of wedged in , and can quickly become uncomfortable , not to mention they can create a sort of ` vacuum lock ' seal over your ear canal ... uggh -RRB- - but the other - sp . cable - aspect of the phones are TERRIBLY DESIGNED . After the cable splits , the length to your L&R ears is uneven - leaving you with a long and a short side ??? Which might be practical if your ipod was say , being held parallel to your head like 10 feet away to one side and you really needed all of that extra foot of cable on one side . In a normal situation , however , it just hangs absurdly - this big loop under your chin - and tries to find a way to wrap itself around your neck . That 's one issue . The other is that the entire length of the cable is way , WAY too long , to the point of being ridiculous . So now you 've got to try and wrap all this extra cable around your ipod or whatever - which is n't really practical . And every time i try to put the damn thing away , this 5 foot freaking cable gets all tangled with the little rubber stoppers on the earphones and becomes like a rat 's nest ... uggh . I do n't get it - all i wanted was the twist-in phones - leave everything else the same and do n't try to re-invent the wheel here . But then some genius had to go and kind of ruin it by trying to get funky with some other design modifications - on the cable of all things ... Anyway , packaged with some extra pieces so you can ` customize ' your phones , but they are essentially aesthetic BS and do n't actually have any real effect on the performance in any way .
 The first few times I used this earphones , it was great . It is a little tricky getting them in just right -LRB- I had to switch to the smallest nubs ; maybe it 's easier for those with larger ears -RRB- . Then while on a treadmill run , I felt a little snap in my ear . I did n't think anything of it . Sometimes the satellite reception is n't that great so I changed to another machine . I started running , and there it was again . There was no mistaking it , I was feeling little shocks in my ears . Well that was it for me . I definitely wanted these to work , so I was sad to have to return them . Maybe it was a bad pair , but I wo n't chance it .
 This is definitely a low end product . It is not that much different from the standard issued headphones that comes with your IPOD . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought these headphones thinking they might be nice since they stay in your ear . Well it turns out that if your ears are small they do n't fit , you can twist until they get jammed in , but then you have a sore ear for 5 days . Not only are they extremely uncomfortable but they sound quality sucks . They do not block any sound from the outside , so on top of listening to poor quality music , you also have to hear everything around you ... Then on top of everything else you can not get a refund because the item have been used ... Save your money .
 I love Senheiser and have several of their headphones . But , this one is questionable . The design is not as good as one would think , although it is intriguing . Sound is so-so , bass is weak . After a year of use the plastic coating came off , and the right ear bud stopped producing sound . I am a runner and use my headsets several times a week for an hour or two each time . This one does not hold up .
 I bought these headphones wanting better sound quality than the Apple headphones -LRB- which are not bad but there is better -RRB- for my iPod . While the MX75 headphones have decent sound quality and I like the Sennheiser brand , I dislike this product for a variety of other reasons .1 . I have ergonomic issues with it . It is questionable about how to wear them . The photo by S. Pretti at the top of this Amazon page seems useful and accurate ! I wish I had seen this before . However , when I tried this `` insert and twist '' method , my ears hurt after a while . Wearing the headphones any longer became too uncomfortable .2 . The `` build quality '' is lacking for my headphones . The green rubber ear pads fall off and need replacing . While the package comes with extras -LRB- or alternatives -RRB- , eventually I ran out or lost them all . I now have a hard plastic tip where the green rubber pad used to be . It has n't been that long - 6 months ? Now it really hurts to wear them .3 . Another `` build quality '' issue is the green rubber surrounding the headphone jack . This separated from the jack , leaving the wire exposed .4 . This is the most tangly set of headphones ! The headphones have a penchant for latching and catching . Like the worst X-mas tree lights , I have to untangle for every use , and it requires concentration and time to untangle the mess.All in all , I expected these `` sport '' headphones to last a few years from everyday use , and they did n't . Instead they lasted a number of months , and that is too short . It 's time to get new headphones , and while I might get another Sennheiser product , I wo n't be getting this product again.I was happy with the decent sound quality .
 I bought MX75 `` Twist-To-Fit '' hoping that they would stay secure in my ears as I ran . First , there were no instructions with the package describing how to `` twist and fit '' into my ear . I finally found a video with a few frames on the Sennheiser web site showing how they are to be inserted -LRB- no description -RRB- . I repeatedly went in front of a mirror to duplicate the `` Twist-To-Fit '' process as shown in the video clip . It must be my Spock-like ears - I could not make it happen . They just fell out . I found that they were more secure when placed in my ears upside down to what is shown in the clip .
 The sound is ` okay ' for a cheap pair of headphones but not stellar . No matter what I do , I ca n't get a decent comfortable ` fit ' with their design . After a couple months , my pair started falling apart -LRB- the bud covering , silver plastic piece on the back fell off and wo n't stay on -RRB- . I guess you get what you pay for so I should n't complain too much . But I would n't recommend these .
 Review 2012 : Below you can see my original review in 2011 . Since then I have a different perspective . Most of the review stays true except for one thing . The durability . The rubber pieces tend to fall off fairly quickly , but I did n't have much complaint because they come with replacements . I figured that the pair I bought a few years prior lasted me about 3 years , so this should do the same . Well , today I plugged them into my ipod touch and the tracks sounded ... `` robotic '' . I initially thought it was the device , but after testing a few other earphones I realized it seemed to be the Sennheisers . So about a year . This urks me for two reasons . Firstly , it seems to be a failure unrelated to sweat or other exercise induced use . Secondly , I have used them much less than my previous pair I owned and yet they tired much faster . I have been looking for another pair , but it seems Sennheiser has not made much improvements to their exercise line . Perhaps I will look at another brand . See you then . You can look at my previous review , but keep in mind the update . Also , they are a pain to untangle after storage.Review 2011 : This is the second set of these I 've bought in 5 years . I run about 15 to 20 miles a week in a climate country , so by the end of the run I 'm sweating like Shaq in the 4th quarter.The earbuds hold up well . Eventually if you use them regularly you will have to change them , but they lasted much longer than the apple , nike , and sony , sport earbuds I owned in the past . Most importantly , these earbuds stay fixed in the ear and also come with a number of adjustments to fit every ear size.The cord is indeed very long but I personally have no problems with it once I run it under my shirt through my sleeve then to my armband . Those who keep their device in their pocket will appreceiate the length as other earbuds tend to pull the device out of your pocket due to the short length.The sound is not great ... good , but not great . I use a different headset when I 'm not excercising for quality . It does repel sweat better than my former earbuds , but it eventually lost the battle to the buckets of water I lose when I run and after a couple of years the glue holding it together began to loosen -LRB- hence the need for a new pair -RRB- . It should be noted however that I continued to use them for a while even after the rubber lining and speaker mesh fell off , and they continued to function admirably.They take a little getting used to , but you ca n't get better value for your money if you are a person that likes music while doing high movement , high sweat activities .
 I bought this because I want a pair for work out.Later I found out it is really not comfortable to wear it since the little thing keeps stretching my ears.The soound quality is soso . I did compared it with my ipod ear buds . I found out that this pair has even worse performance comparing to those ipod ear phones .
 These either fall out of my ears or kill my ears in pain after a very short time of running . .
 The quality of the product is fine but the padding around the earbuds and the supporting padding areas are the worst . I lose the padding on a consistent basis . The casing is an exercise of design over function . In order to put the ear phones back in the case , if takes a minute or two .
 They sound good and fit tight , but I ca n't get the wire to straighten out . It 's always coiled - wo n't lay flat . If Sennheiser could combine these earpieces with Apple 's earbud wire , they 'd have a real winner .
 My pair fell apart after a few months of use . The ear pads and green bands come off easily and so easily lost in any gym bag . Although they come with different sized bands , there are no replacement bands . So if the original bands were the right size , you 're out of luck .
 A complete waste of money !! The earpieces did n't fit in my ears and ould n't stay in place no matter what I did . I threw them away .
 I bought these earphones in July 2008 to use while cycling . I had tried several cheap headphones , and they died with 6 months . A higher quality earphone should last longer and perform better , I had thought . I have now had these earphones 3 months , and they are now completely dead . After month 1 , the left earphone had ripped out of the cord when slightly snagged on my messenger bar . After 2 months , the rubber gasket and earphone cover had fallen off the remaining right earphone . By month 3 , the right earphone had pulled out of the housing and would dangle loose . All of this happened just be using the headphones while road cycling . Road cycling is a fairly benign activity , and these earphones failed spectacularly . The sound quality was great for the month that both earphones worked , and that is the reason for the 2 stars . If they stay in piece , they do work fairly well .
 Bought these head phones for running . One month later the left side no longer works after using them only a few times . The cord entangles itself after every use no matter how carefully you put it away . The ear cups are very difficult to seat correctly when changed and as a result I lost one of the sponge cups after changing it even though I took great care to seat it correctly . Despite the various cups to size the phones correctly I never found a good combination to make them secure while running thus they were either falling out or uncomfortable . I am currently looking into getting my money back .
 The earphone buds are too large and consequently cause pain after about 15 minutes , even when using the smaller fitting ring . The twist-to-fit is okayish , though it causes pain after a while , as the length of the twist-to-fit portion is fixed and may not match with your ear.NOT recommended unless you have really large ears . May sound stupid , but that 's the way it is.Sound quality is good . But you dont care about sound quality if your ears hurt .
 The headphones do what I believe their initial intent is , in that they stay in your ears while you are being active . However , everything else about them is a let down . When I received them in the mail , I was excited to try them out as my original ipod ones have been falling out while running since I lost the little foam covers on them . So , I get the box and open it , and even though these ship in their hard plastic protective case , the silver backing on one of the ear buds was completely detached . So I re-glued it together , let it dry , then went for the run.The little nubbin that sticks up top does exactly what it is designed to do ; keep the damn things in your ears while you are bouncing around . That is good , as this is the exact reason I bought these , but after running with them for 2 weeks now , I have had to re-glue the blue rings that surround the screens on the right bud twice , and now the left bud has picked up a `` popping '' noise when I go running with each step.So all in all : PRO
 Seemed like a smart design ... until I tried it in MY ears . This is the risk of purchasing something you can not try before you buy . I found the headphones just couldnt sit comfortably in my ears for more than about 20 minutes , albeit a `` smart '' design that apparently stays firmly in place better than others - I took them out after a short while reverting to my older `` in ear '' soft type . I 'd recommend buyers just be sure they know their ear - which can only be after trying out a few designs , and losing some - then looking at finer features like sound quality etc. .
 I have used these headphones for over a week now , and I must say , they HURT !! There are only a few ways they fit in my ears , and none of them are comfortable , which is a disappointment because the sound quality is excellent .
 I got these ear buds because others that I have tried do n't stay in . The problem with these however , is that they 're way too big for my ears . the bud itself is too big so I ca n't even get that part in my ear let alone the extended `` twist-to-fit '' pad . I had high hopes for these buds but I guess I 'll have to keep searching for a small pair .
 I tried almost all of the `` holding system '' parts to find a comfortable fit . A couple of combinations seemed to be OK to start , but over time became painful . The little nub that extends atop the bud only added to the discomfort . They do provide the openness needed to hear conversation and traffic sounds while working out . That feature , however , points to the lack of bass response and poor fit . The Basswind system is lacking at best . I have owned and worn the pads off of other Sennheiser headphones . I am very disappointed with this product . The Twist-to-Fit system is a gimmick and I would not recommend this headset .
 After several months of use I am giving up on using these headphones . I have used the headphones during running and when the headphones get wet from sweating they stop working . Eventhough I try to dry them , the headphones stop working after few minutes again.My advise is that these headphones can not be used for sports eventhough they are marketed as sport headphones
 Like many of these reviewers , I too liked the sound and the fit but the casing started to pull away from the wiring . I thought I had accidentally cut the cord but it started coming apart in several locations . Once I saw other reviewers with the same issue , it has come to my attention that these are n't as rugged as they claim .
 I twisted and twisted , but they never quite fit . They either hurt or fell out -LRB- or both -RRB- . Then the rubber `` foot '' popped off one of the buds and disappeared and that was that.Nice sound quality though .
 After reading the solidly positive reviews here and receiving a personal recommendation from my brother , I had high hopes for these headphones , which I sought as a new pair for running and working out . Alas , my hopes ended in disappointment -- the fit of these headphones did not work for me AT ALL . I could affix them in my ears , and they seemed to sit stably there , but they would never `` seal '' so that I got decent sound quality from the speakers . They sounded like , well , small speakers that were just a little too far away from one 's ears . I never even tried running in them or taking them to the gym -- since even sitting in a quiet room they did n't fit well enough to sound good , I felt there was no point seeing if they magically improved with motion , moving air , and lots of ambient noise . They were n't uncomfortable , either , I should add ; they just did n't fit properly.Yes , I understand the intended usage , and no , I 'm not physically odd -- I 'm an average-sized dude with perfectly normal ears . And I tried all the included sets of little foam doodads to adjust the fit , to no avail . Obviously these headphones work satisfactorily for quite a number of people , but they fell seriously short of acceptability for me.It 's a shame , because the speakers themselves are clearly very good -- but good speakers that wo n't sit in the ear to be heard properly are no use at all .
 The experience you get with these earphones will depend a lot on the anatomy of your ear lobes . My experience was very disappointing . The fit was uncomfortable and the sound was quiet and tinny . Swapping between the supplied rubber parts did nothing to improve the fit or the sound . I am considering returning the MX55s , but for the price I wonder if it is worth the effort .
 I purchased this product to listen to music / watch videos while on my bicycle trainer . My setup requires me to plug it at the back of my computerThe sound is great and the retention mechanism works as advertised.The length of the cable is a little on the short side , but that may depend a lot on the use you plan for your product . More importantly , after working a good sweat I am sorry to report I got shocked . The headphones started buzzing and I felt a minor , but very clear , electric shock . Needless to say , the headphones went flying and have not been used since . People might point out that the likely culprit is my computer , not the headphones . All I can tell you is that the experience was a little scary .
 I personally do n't care for these as they1
 I am constantly on the lookout for the ultimate earphones ... ones that will stay in for 20 miles of running . I had hopes for these , however I am still looking . Good concept however reality is that the little gaurds come off in the middle of a run when sweat loosens the fit . trying to put them back in is when the top guards come off if you are not careful .
 I bought these Sennheiser MX55V earbuds because I liked the sound of the similar MX51 's but I wanted something that would be less likely to pop out of my ears and that had inline volume control . It took a couple days of fiddling with various combinations of pads but I was finally able to get these earbuds to fit properly , and with minimal discomfort.Unfortunately , I am VERY disappointed with the sound , particularly with the bass response . The so-called `` basswind '' system in these and the MX51 's appears to consist of an opening in the back side of the buds that helps direct more bass into your ear canal . I can twist the MX51 's into a comfortable position that gives decent bass response -LRB- with a little boost from the equalizer on my player -RRB- . However , I can not find even an uncomfortable position with the MX55V 's that gives me any bass . I think the opening is simply poorly positioned , at least for my ears . The package insert correctly warns that the perceived frequency response with earbuds is very sensitive to fit , but these just do n't work for me in any configuration.Also , although these `` twist-to-fit '' earbuds do indeed stay put , if you accidentally yank on the cord -LRB- as often happens to me when I absent-mindedly try to get up while still connected to my laptop -RRB- it 's going to hurt ! I no longer view the greater propensity of the MX51 's to pop out of my ears as that much of a disadvantage.Another annoyance with the MX55V 's is that , with their asymmetrical cords and the more complex shape of their twist-to-fit earbuds , it is almost impossible to retrieve them from their case without getting them ridiculously tangled . And what IS it with Sennheiser and their weird cases ?! Of the three Sennheiser portable headphones I own , the folding triangular pouch included with these is the LEAST idiosyncratic case of the bunch . But it 's still kind of silly.So I 'm going to be sticking with the MX51 's when I need earbuds . If you are willing to use a -LRB- collapsible -RRB- headset , I also HIGHLY recommend the Sennheiser PX-100 's .
 I really , really wanted these headphones . But , it turns out that my ears are too small . They fit into my friend 's ears , but not mine . So the twist-to-fit only fits if you have large enough ears . My ears are on the smaller side , but not freakishly so!The sound was good , and the quality high . I really wish they would 've fit .
 Sounded like a great product based on the bulk of reviews and I have to say they do exactly what they promise in that they do stay put despite jarring , sweating , moving , etc - however , I work out in a fairly noisy gym and was looking for a replacement for my Sony in-ear buds which I use for the explicit purpose of not having to hear whatever useless drivel someone else has blasting from the TV monitors nearby . These buds are useless for attenuating external noise which might be okay if you intend to use them on the street . The other and probably bigger fault with these buds is the locking system . They do n't really fit my ears all that well to begin with but they definitely do work to their stated purpose of keeping them in place , which is the problem with my in ear buds , as soon as I start to sweat they tend to work their way out of my ear forcing me to continually push them back in - problem with these is that while you can adjust the fit forward and back to lock them in , there is no adjustment for in and out . So I have found that the `` outriggers '' tend to push the buds away from the optimal position which results in a complete loss of base and a tinny midrange . They sound really good if you can hold them in proper alignment but forget it as soon as you let go . If you work out in a gym , do n't want to listen to everyone else 's noise , and do n't like having to crank your tunes to outrageous volume for decent sound while you are running etc , pass on these .
 The sound coming from these headphones is great , and so is the twist to fit method of keeping the buds in your ears . But the cable is absulutely the worst one I 've ever seen . I guess the coiled cable idea is ok in theory , but uncoiling the cable every time I use them is awful . Every time I put them in it takes at least a minute of untangling the cable to be able to use them . And I do n't understand at all why the left cable -LRB- about 12-15 '' -RRB- is so much shorter than the right -LRB- about 30 '' -RRB- . The left cable is so short that the left ear bud keeps jerking at the shirt clip , which means I have to adjust them several times to stop the jerking . Except for the earbud , the iPod approach to the cable is MUCH , MUCH better .
 The twist to fit concept intrigued me . Thought it was the answer to my problems in a decent fitting headphone for my ears . I thought wrong . If you have ears of size you feel is a little different do n't buy these . Could n't tell you about the sound quality . Since they did n't fit properly I sent them right back .
 I have been on an endless search for headphones that I can use while running that provide good sound quality and are comfortable . I have had little luck , so at this point I am now just trying to find something that does n't hurt!I was very excited to get this particular headphone ! I thought for sure it would be my answer . Boy , was I ever wrong !! Just to give you an idea of what poor design they are ... I am back to using the buds that came with my Ipod.I guess the concept for this earbud is wise , but there is something flawed in the design . These buds are painful no matter what combination of attachments I use . One of the wires going from the actual ear bud to the part that plugs into the Ipod seems to be at leat 6 '' too short and thus the headset is `` lopsided '' . I have no idea why they are made like this . I contacted Sennheiser weeks ago to inquiry if this was an intentional design or a mistake on my set . I have not heard back from them.I will never purchase another Sennheiser product .
 OK , so i needed a pair of headphones for the gym . My Sony in-ear ones kept falling out once they got sweaty . So after some research , I came across these . I have to admit , I did like the concept and it seems like they would do the job.These come with a number of different headphone covers as well as 3 different sized `` anchor '' pads . The different attachments are to help you get the fit right.So on the first day of use I chose a combination of pads and anchors I thought would fit right . -LRB- both large -RRB- . So I go to the gym . The first thing i noticed was that the left earphone would not seat correctly . There wasnt a good seal with the ear , so I got decent sound in my right , but leaking ambient sound in the left . I proceeded to twist , wedge , slide , etc. . . the left headphone and I could n't get it to seat properly.The next time I went to the gym , i tried a different combination of pad and anchors , same issues . Could n't get the left ear to fit properly , leaking in ambient noise and it drove me crazy . I spend a half hour in the gym constantly tweaking , removing , reseating and I cant get it to fit.I repeat the above process with other combinations until I realize that these headphones are way to finicky to get right . I tried Sennheisers website and there is no help there , the included instructions did n't help either.So these are going to end up in the trash and my quest for stable in-ear headphones continues.So give it a shot , but your mileage may vary .
 These earbuds were easily a four-star product the first six months I had them . Sound was perfectly fine -LRB- and what you would expect from an earbud , nothing life-changing -RRB- and it stayed in your ear while you were on the move , unlike Apple 's stock earbuds.After six months , I had noticed that those green rubber anchors that keep the earbuds secure to your ear would fall off if they got caught in anything just right -LRB- pulling it out of a bag , uncoiling , etc. -RRB- . The first time was no big deal because I was able to retrace my steps , find the anchor , re-attach it , and try to be careful with them in the future . The last time one of the anchors fell off , I was n't so lucky , and I lost it for good . I now have one earbud that stays in fine and one that slides/falls off periodically.So , as long as you keep tabs on your rubber anchors and try to be careful , I 'd say these buds are a 4-star product . It 's a shame I have to re-purchase an entire set of these things over a small missing piece that probably costs less than a few cents .
 I have another pair of Sennheisers -LRB- PX100 -RRB- and I love them . Wear them all day at work . I wanted another pair for the gym and bought these even though they 're super-green . The worst part is the curly cable that keeps getting tangled . So annoying . None of the adapters made them fit my ear , and after 30 min they start to hurt . Sound quality was okay , but not as good as my other pair . Overall , I 'm not that impressed and would n't recommend them .
 Maybe I have freakish ears or something , but these headphones popped out of my ears during a run just like every other pair . The sound quality is okay , I must say I have heard better from Sennheiser . All in all pretty disappointed in these earphones . So the hunt for the perfect pair of headphones continues once again ...
 I do n't get the positive reviews . I 've had my MX75s for several months and find them to be merely adequate . In other words , they really are n't an improvement over the ear buds which came with my iPod Nano . They do n't fit my ears or stay put any better -- irrespective of which of the included silicon sizing rings I use ; they do n't sound radically better than the original ear buds ; and the cord/wire is too stiff and is sometimes awkward as a result . My recommendation is to either stay with your original ear buds or spend a bit more to get something with a greater WOW ! factor .
 I bought these headphones to wear at the gym based on reviews here , and I 'm sorry to say they did not work for me at all . Maybe my ears are misshapen , but I could not get them to stay in securely , and the sweat factor only made things worse . I was constantly checking to see if they were on their way out of my ears , which was annoying . In addition , the cord drove me crazy . I was so perturbed by the fit and the cord that I can not even speak to the sound quality . They are better than the ear buds that came with my iPod -LRB- how could they not be ? -RRB- , but that 's about it .
 I have purchased 7 or 8 different cheaper headphones to wear while running at the the gym . I have normal sized head and ears , but I sweat a lot . These were the worst of the various models I tried . It is possible that I never figured out the proper way to wear these , but having tried every fitting that came with the set , the headphones ranged from worthless to excrutiatingly uncomforatble . Along with the PMX70 's also from Sennheiser , these are the only headphones that I have tried that I did not at least find an alternative use for for the ones that proved to be not worth wearing to the gym .
 I bought these because I wanted a volume controller on the headset so I would n't have to bother fooling around with the controls on my ipod touch , which can be a real pain . Well , the volume controls on this this unit are useless . They have a really short range . So you ca n't turn the volume all the way down -LRB- in case you need to speak with someone or listen to what 's going on around you -RRB- So you need to pull the damn ear pieces out of your ear or use the controls on your ipod or whatever mp3 player you 're using - so why bother having a volume control .
 This is the third set of Sennheiser headphones I have purchased and I have been disappointed in all three . I do n't even know where the Twist - to-fit set is now . I used them the first day and I just do n't see where all the excitement about them comes from . You can twist all you want but the things still wo n't stay in your ears . The last set of fit-in-your-ear type I bought were so large you would need ears as large as a jackass to put them in . They were Wayyyy toooo big for my ears , and people say I have large ears . The sound quaslity of all three is no better than much less expensive headphones . Anyone have suggestions on other brands to try ?
 These are supposed to have some sort of ` screw in ' feature , but some big flap of plastic that serves no purpose is not that feature . DO NOT BUY
 I purchased these back in October because they were on Sale and I figured I 'd give them a try for day-to-day use while commuting . While I must say for in-ear headphones they 're great and stay in , they also shock me . Recently , I the headphones have been shocking me almost every time I wear them . Obviously they will be meeting the trash soon .
 there were great until they completely fell apart after 5 months . every piece on the earbud fell off until i had to just throw them away . least durable product ever . may try the other pair that is similar w/replacement parts included . VERY disappointed for the price point .
 They work fine as regular headphones but the twist to fit system is a joke . It 's stupid , it does n't do anything .
 I purchased these and tried many different configurations ; you are give a variety of little pieces yuo can use to customer the `` fit
 The sound quality is not bad , but the cord is ALWAYS tangled . VERY annoying . Do n't buy these .
 My iPod headphones were average at best when I bought them and over the course of a few months they degraded to the point where they were downright crackily and the bass in songs had to be ` remembered ' and mentally added to the track.So the quest was on to find heaphones that would sound better , stay in my ears during running / gym and be resonably priced . After a positive initial listening experience -LRB- at my desk -RRB- - going to the gym and even just walking made these headphones pop out . I bought these headphones on the promise they would be ` secure ' in my ears - but at least for me , the ` twist to fit ' part actually worked to move the buds OUT of my ears - I tried the various attachments without success . This was very frustrating especially because you need a good fit for bass reproduction . The volume slider was a bonus - it does n't control the full scale of volume but is good for when you need to quickly drop volume to hear things.I took them back to the retail outlet -LRB- in Australia -RRB- and explained my gripe . They thankfully allowed me to return the headphones even though they ca n't re-sell due to heath and safety and the product was n't FAULTY as such , just not good for me . I got a pair of Sennheiser CX300s and I can happily say they - fit much better , have better bass , a decent soundstage for headphones and while they are n't ` noise cancelling ' the airtight fit does block out heaps of background noise . - = Lip = -
 I was initially skeptical about the `` twist to fit '' thing . Then I decided that I would just throw down the cash and get some of these , wow , that was a bad idea . An even worse idea was for this company to design such a gimmicky piece of crap . Do not buy these very uncomfortable headphones .
 first I will say the good parts
 The cord is very thin and does not lay flat it is like a plastic tube with a piece of dental floss in it and has zero heft and the sound quality is not very good . The ear clip is very unique but lacking comfort for my ears . I will not use these for running again I was pretty disappointed in the performance and comfort . I am keeping them for my sea-doo because it is not worth the time to return them but if I had it to do over again I would not have purchased them . I think I am going to try an over the head headphone system for running these just are n't the solution I was looking for to keep the ear buds in my ears while running . I recommend keep on looking ! And the color is pretty awful too .
 It 's hard to purchase earbuds over the internet . You kind of take a shot in the dark and hope you get something you like.I learned a few things about these earbuds . My ears are not too large , not too small . - The green cushion pads fall off without too much abuse . The first one fell off after I had had the earphones only a week or two . - The rather large hard plastic main part of the earbud is huge and does n't always get in far enough in the ear to produce a good sound . - The protrusion from the top that is meant to keep the device in your ear does n't work all that well -LRB- again , based on ear shape -RRB- , and can even make wearing them painful after a while . They stay in my ear pretty well , but I do n't remember the regular Ipod headphone being much worse . - The cord unnecessarily tries to return to a cord shape . Everytime I pull this out of the bag it is horribly tangled . - The green color is n't as cool as I thought it would be.I have used these earbuds for about 6 months now and I am disappointed with them . I use a Sennheiser headset at home for online gaming and it works great . I would steer clear from this one . I may try a Sony pair that got recommended to me , or just something without the obnoxious protrusions on the top . The fact that the cushions come off and are lost easily is sort of a deal breaker for me .
 I bought these headphones for workouts -LRB- running , sports , the gym -RRB- . The twist feature does secure the buds in your ear well . The sound is very good with surprisingly good bass response . The big negative is that the earbud adaptors come free from the earphone and are easily lost . I have only had my headphones for a few weeks and already three adaptors have come loose and two of those were lost . The adaptors are required for these headphones to fit comfortably in the ear , so I ca n't recommend these headphones overall .
 I tried my best to like this headphones but I could n't . From the first time I used them it was painful , but the pain dissipated after I started working out ... or so I thought . When I took them off , my ears remained painfully sore . I continued to use them nonetheless , why I do n't know , but think it 's because the maintain a sturdy fit . But still the sound quality was just okay as they had a hard time handling low notes . But I decided I 'd had enough when I realized that sweat ruins the friction fit , and they consistently slid out of my ears during my long runs . I 'm going back to my behind the neck headphones , that are clunky but sound great and stay on my ears .
 I have tried these at least 5 times and I 'm done . My ears are smallish -LRB- not freakishly , I am a girl -RRB- I even put the smallest attachments on , but by the end of my workout my ears are throbbing and somewhat numb . I kept giving them a chance trying different positions because I really wanted to like these . Because my ears are smallish regular buds fall out of my ears it 's is SO frustrating . If you have suggestions for sport earbuds that work well with small ears please feel free to ` comment ' your suggestion .
 After the first day running one of my ear buds popped out of my ear and the little green disk went flying . The next day I went running -LRB- now using another set of green disks -RRB- I took off the ear buds after my work out the green ring surrounding the bud itself came off and summarily fell into a storm drain ... Customizable but the parts easily come off and can be lost .
 The headphones worked just great , but after only two weeks there is a problem with one of the sides -LRB- a crackle in the phone -RRB- . Now I have to find out how to get a refund . To my knowledge , I did nothing to cause this problem .
 The sound is good but the fit is very funky . I can not figure out the twist to fit system . There is no illustartion in the package or at the Sennheiser website . I passed these around my office and asked a bunch of tech geeks if they could figure out how to fit them properly into my ears and no one could . My ears are pretty average looking too . Also - the cord is about 7 feet long . This is absurd ! I have had to gerry-rig it up with twist ties so it does n't hang down between my feet and trip me when I am running.Also - that green color is super ugly .
 I purchased these headphones for working out , running , and biking . I used my ipod ear buds until they fell apart , and I wanted something with more durability and would stay in my ears better , so I found these . At first I was impressed with how well they would stay in my ears . Co-workers commented on the green and asked about them , to which I showed them the look they do n't fall out of my ears demo . 1 month after owning them the rubber around the ear piece tore so I went to replace it with one the replacement pieces that came with the headphones . To my disappointment the replacement was n't a replacement , but it was used to adjust for people with smaller ear canals and therefore felt less comfortable for me . Then , about 2 months after I had been using them one of the little pieces that is used to keep it in my ear snapped off . If you plan to wrap these up and put them in your pocket and run with them I do n't recommend them as they need to be taken a little better care of and put in their case every time you want to store them . .
 All was well with these headphones for the first six months , but suddenly the right channel is buzzing and I need to replace them . Too bad , because hitherto the sound 's been good , and the fit comfortable .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I have 3 desktop PCs and one or 2 laptops in my home WEP WiFi network , and only one HP6540 printer . Seemed like the ideal solution.Setting it up was no problem whatsoever . Got it to print the Windows test page first time , and was quite pleased with myself . There the fun ended ... I have found that : * I need to keep it switched off , and only turn it on when I need to print something . If I leave it switched on , the next time I turn on a PC and try to print , I get the old `` Print Server connect failure '' message , and it needs a reboot . * When it decides to print , it will print large or small documents quickly if , and only if the print queue is already completely empty . Every time I print something , it leaves a couple of KB worth of the print job in the queue , with status `` Printing '' . This stays there for about 5 mins , and I ca n't even delete it . If I try , Windows just says `` Deleting '' for 5 mins . * When I tried to do a firmware upgrade off their website to see if it would fix the above , it toasted the Flash memory in the print server , and I had to send it back to Mot at my expense for an exchange . * Gets exceedigly hot if left switched on in the summer . * Sometimes things get really screwed up . My 7 year old daughter tried printing one of her creations and unbeknownst to me kept getting the `` Print Server connect failure '' message , so she kept hitting print . Even after rebooting PC , printer and print server , one of the three somehow remembered all those print jobs and started spewing them out . Could I stop it ? I could not .
 Could n't get this to work with WPA despite advertising saying that it would work.Couldn ' t get the product to work with WEP - had to send it back and have another one sent out -LRB- at my expense despite the fact the product was broken -RRB- . Both the current and the replaced print server has to be rebooted after a couple of hours because it stops working . Motorola `` customer support '' says this is a known issue .
 Do n't waste your money on this product . Has few problems with no fixes . Had this unit for 4 months and wireless is tempermental , keep getting `` can not find printer message '' often on all pc 's when trying to print and need to power up/down the unit and or PC 's . The pc 's are located in same room or a few feet away . WPA encryption does not work at all although it says on specs and package that it is WPA compatible . Motorola knows about the problem but so far 5 -6 months has done nothing to fix , probably do n't care till they get a lawsuit .
 1 -RRB- Product spec states it supports WPA encryption . I could n't get it to work so I contacted Motorola tech support by email . The return email stated `` the printserver doesnot support WPA security . -LRB- sic -RRB- '' Thus , the false advertising claim .2 -RRB- WPA issues aside , I really could n't get my printer to work using this printserver .
 This printer server may not work with your old parallel port printer . After connecting to my HP Laserjet 4L printer , I can only print some garbage . Called Motorola customer service and talked to a lady who was very impatient and rude . Then talked to a gentleman who claimed to be her supervisor . I was told it might be HP printer issue since this printer server is too fast . The old printer may not be able to handle it.The reason I give it 2 stars is that it works when I connected it to a newer USB printer .
 Spent hours and several phone calls with tech support . Finally got someone who kept working until she got it working . Set up wisard seems to be missing some steps . Would n't work when we changed the SSID and has to be on channel 11 . Got it to work well using WEP64 . It 's currently working , but have had to deal with `` crash override '' . This is not a solid piece of equip . I do have a Motorola w/l router that has worked great for almost a year . If the print server starts acting up I will probably replace both with another manufacturer.All the tech support staff I dealt with were pleasant and knowledgable , but not knowledgeble enough .
 Did not work at all . The hook ups were clear and easy to read and follow . Even a diagram for the insertion of the batteries . However , when test time came , the apparatus did not work at all . When I switched the button to telephone , silence . I only got a dial tone when I switched the button to computer , albeit that no computer was hooked up to the apparatus . When I got a dial tone , the apparatus did not amplify anything . Jabra Customer service was of no help . As a result , I have returned this item to Amazon . I rarely return items as long as they at least marginally function .
 I need a headset for work that does n't go over my head . One of the ear pieces in this set , which is an oval that fits around the whole ear was very comfortable , and the quick release cord was wonderful , but I had to send it back , as the microphone tube kept slipping down below my chin . It might have just been defective , but I also did n't like the large foam around the mic . I kept seeing it in my peripherial vision , and it felt too obvious as I walked around the office . It worked , when it was n't slipping down , but I just did n't like the way it looked . I had to get what I think is a newer sound tube mic , which is the same brand , but I think a much improved model of racheting boom for the mic , which I like a lot . I also tried the over the ear hook -- not good at all . The oval ear loop is best !
 I bought this it did not work on my computer so I have n't used it so I do n't know how it works .
 dont buy this dvd player.it will stop detecting dvd 's after a while and lg does n't seem to give a damn about this error.go online you will see that many lg dvd owners have this problem as well.dont buy !!!
 I have used this card reader for a couple of years now and had mixed results . Typically , it will simply not read any of the newer high speed card types so it is growing more and more useless for me . It does read some of my older SD budget cards , but the Compact Flash Platinum 80x sitting in front of me is not recognized . I would recommend it if you have older budget speed flash cards and do not plan on upgrading , these readers are so cheap you can find better alternatives with a wider support range now .
 I agree with the first reviewer . This thing says ` incompetent ' all over it ! Maybe it works for other operating systems , but those of us using Win98SE , which it claims to support , it 's a dud . I had the same experience as the other gentleman . I ca n't find a driver anywhere , and Sakar -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- does n't answer their phone . I have to go back to town tomorrow . I 'll be taking this dog back to it 's owner .
 I bought this ? And , have tried to install it . Mine says it 's a 21-in-1 card reader/writer , digital concepts , `` Item # CR-70R V506 '' . Maybe this is supposed to mean something to me . Supposedly you go to their sakar.com site to download the driver for WIN ' 98 . Boy-oh-boy ! The driver , when you think you might have found it , is a zipped directory inside a zipped directory inside a zipped directory ; where maybe there might be a driver for this device . But first , I had to find a zip reader , on the internet and did , to unzip this thingy . It seemingly unzipped after a time , various files in various directories . The program acted as if it was installing a device driver , but never did . An added device never showed up in , the `` My Computer '' list of devices recognized . Windows tried but could n't find any driver for this device in the various directories it inhabited . Windows kept asking me if I did n't have a disk with a device driver for this thingy , because it sure could n't find such a thing . Nope.In Amazon 's description of this device they say it 's 21-in-1 , like mine , but the picture has 9-in-1 written on it . The description says , `` Aa-nimh '' in it -LRB- huh ! -RRB- and disc included . Thirty years ago the computer industry worked pretty well , in DOS . But , we 've come a long way since then . I 'm not sure what it is that 's being done today , maybe CEOs are receiving bonuses for abject failure and lack of any sense of resposibility , service to customers or to their products . If so , these people have figured out how to provide that .
 These are exactly what I was looking for . I needed something that was made for athletic purposes and not plug my ears so I could hear people around me and these fit the bill . I work construction and I 'm constantly moving so I was looking for a sports headphone with a lanyard that would carry my Ipod . I read reviews that said the same thing about not staying in but I wanted to see if my ears would work with them . I tried them on and any head movement at all they would fall out . I tried different ways to get them to stay in but to no avail . The ear piece is too big . The problem is that the sound quality was so good . I returned them and purchased the `` Twist to Fit '' MX75 's instead . These stay in ! I can bend over , turn sideways , look up and they stay put plus they do n't isolate me from the sounds around me if I have them on a medium loudness . The only problem is I have this long tangling cord that is a problem . I wrapped up the cord and I connected it with small zip ties to my lanyard so now the earphone cord is part of the lanyard now , sort of like this pair but does n't look as good . If the MXL70 came out with with the MX75 's earpieces it would be perfect .
 I had these headphones for a year and a half now . They are not the original pair , -LRB- you 'll see why below -RRB- but the same model.The sound quality is decent , and I am very impressed with the design details
 i bought these as a second set to the wrap around model , i thought they would be good for around the house , boy was i wrong . Not only are they a mess to try and put on , but the ear piece 's are huge , i 'm a big guy with big ears and these are way to big . all they do is fall out . worst headphone ever ...
 I used this product a couple of times while riding my motorcycle and its already broken . It is torn where the thin green cable meets the 3.5 mm plug . I purchased these because I figured the buds would stay in my ear while jogging or cutting the grass and they do n't . I should have gone with the CXL400 ! I use this with the S705 soundpilot .
 I bought these because my other earphones suddenly quit and I needed something for going to the gym . I figured the $ 60 price tag wouldnt be too bad for earphones designed for sport use . While the design is okay -LRB- though the center clip is positioned poorly -RRB- , and the earphones look cool , they do not stay in the ear even just when sitting . I REALLY wanted them to work because the sound quality was good , but every 5seconds on the treadmill they fall out . This quickly became extremely annoying . I even tried using my foam covers from my other earphones but nothing seemed to solve the problem.The only good thing about these , is that if you 're lucky enough that they somehow stay in your ear , the magnetic strips on the sides of the earphones are cool and keep them from getting tangled.I returned these the same day I bought them , and while I had to pay a restocking fee -LRB->.>-RRB- , at least I was able to get some money back . I went with the cheap Sony earphones and shake my head all I want , they do n't come out.Basically , if you are interested in these , DONT buy them online . Try to find them in store , and ask the sales associate to let you try the fit . It 's just not worth throwing away money on something you ca n't even try to make work . I learned my lesson the hard way by not searching these online before buying them .
 These are probably the biggest waste of money I have ever spent . The concept is great , but they need to go back to the drawing board on these . The ear plugs do not stay in the ears . They are extremely large and keep falling out . Dont waste your money.This is a good brand name , I have purchased many headphones from them , but these are horrible .
 Bought these for sporting purpose as i like to cycle and go to the gym weekly . Good sound but only stays in my ears for 30 seconds at a time . Cord is too short to have an IPOD in your pocket and the extension cord is too long to have in your pocket . I am not happy with them at all and i strongly recommend not to buy them , The CX500 is much better and more feasible for athletics or general use . Thank you - John
 Well This item sure fooled me ! I thought i was buying 2 12inch subs in a box and it only came as one !! maybe you should take that picture off and put a single one up
 I picked up one of these thinking I 'd have any easy way to copy my band 's demos and make our own CDr albums , but to burn without multiple unlistenable errors you have to copy slow at 4x and I have had problems even with that . The unit is being returned to the manufacturer for warranty service - they have been responsive - so hopefully it is just an easy repair . -LRB- Sep 13 , 04 -RRB- Alera replaced the writer and upgraded the firmware . So far it seems to have corrected the problem ! Hopefully I can get some use out of this now without worrying about errors , in which case , this rocks ... -LRB- Oct 15 , 04 -RRB- I 've had almost no issues since the fix above . working well 3 + years on now ... -LRB- Feb 28 , 2008 -RRB-
 I had bought an Alera CD Copier some years ago and it worked fine - when it died I bought this one . It worked fine for a few months and then for various reasons would n't copy . I have so far sent it back THREE times - even though they paid for the return postage the last time I sent it back , it had exactly the same problem when I received it . On the good side ; they did offer to replace the unit which is good customer service in that respect
 Bought the newest version of the Digital Copy Cruiser Plus in December , 2005 . The purpose was as a quick storage place for digital photos from a Canon 20D digital camera . After buring the images on a CD , they came out too dark for professional use . They have to be taken into Photoshop to be lightened up . A call to customer support netted a voice mailbox . I next sent an email to their customer support using their site 's email page . The end result is no call back and no return on the email . I just now sent a request to the President to help me out . So far I 'm not impressed with the equipment nor the customer support .
 On my iMac -LRB- intel 2.16 ghz with 2G ram and Leopard OSX -RRB- this product behaved erratically frequently crashing after a few cards were scanned in . The OCR was only about 60 % accurate and I had to manually enter most of the data . Even after talking to tech support and updating the software to the latest Leopard compatible version the crashes still occurred and the accuracy remained unchanged.I ca n't in good faith recommend this product to any Mac owner . .
 I bought these for jogging because I wanted something that was sweat resistant , but after only a few steps , they fell out of my ears . I had to run back to my house to switch back my ipod headphones . Honestly , it does n't matter how they sound because they are unusable . I wish I had n't wasted my money . Please do n't make the same mistake !
 These headphones sound fantastic . However ... they do n't stay in your ears ! How can sport headphones not stay in place . They have now been relegated to music listening at the office . I would not buy these again .
 This is the poorest ear plugs I have ever had . The discomfort by wearing this is just un-real , and I ca n`t understand why Senneheiser would compromise themselfes by selling this . It is impossible to have these stay in your ears while moving around and you can just forget about working out since they keep popping out . POOR POOR POOR .
 These maga size ear buds do n't fit in my ears !!! I thought these are made for sports but when I tried these on , I was n't even moving much yet and these fall off !! seriously ? For 12 dollars plus shipping fee to APO addresses , these are not worth at all . Do n't buy these .
 One side to stopped working after about 6 months -LRB- a loose connection at the 3.5 mm jack plug -RRB- . I 'm not sure if this is typical , but I believe they could have been made sturdier . Besides them breaking , they had good sound and fit well .
 you 're ears need to be huge to use these things . I read it in a reveiw before but should has listened . I feel i have pretty average ears and they keep falling out . They re more like a drum shape with no ridge or defination to keep them snug in your ear ... bummer . On to next pair.PS . They do seem to sound good -LRB- but they have to stay in to hear it ! -RRB-
 Being a huge fan of Sennheiser I wanted to get a replacement for my broken MX500 . I ignored the other reviews , because they are Sennheisers , how could they be anything but great . Then they arrived and found out that these are absolutely unusable , I have some pretty big ears and there is no way to get these in , much less allow for any movement as the ` Sport Line ' would seem to indicate.I suggest the MX 500 , much better
 I read all the reviews before I bought them and I ca n't imagine that nobody mentioned that . The cord is not long enougn if you are 6 feet tall plus . I am 6 feet tall and I ca n't keep my MP3 player in my shorts when I run . The cord is not long enough . What do say except ... DuhThe sound is passable -LRB- I guess , you ca n't really get a good sound with ear buds -RRB- but the buds are quite bulky so they do n't stay in your ears . I usually do n't have problem with that - the cheapest earphones stay in my ears when I run with no problemConsider the fact , that I got a good deal - $ 13 . I still would n't recommend them to anybody .
 I purchased these for my iPod at my local Apple store thinking they would be an upgrade to the standard fare that comes with iPods . Wow , was I wrong . These headphones are not made for human ears -- I 'm a guy of average build and would assume that I also have average sized ears -- but these things REFUSE to stay in my ears for more than 10 seconds at a time . They constantly slip out ... and that 's when I am sitting at my desk at work . Add motion and sweat to the equation when I 'm on the treadmill , and I practically have to hold them in for the entire half hour I am at the gym . To boot , the sound quality is mediocre . Avoid these unless you have ears the size of an elephant or if you 're dead set on Sennheiser , get some other iteration of this product , because you DO N'T WANT THESE !
 Stay away ... they keep falling out of your ears .
 I actually wanted the MX75 but the store did n't have them . Thought that the MX70 should be ok . That was a big mistake . Like the previous reviewer I could n't get it to fit in the ear properly . It was constantly shifting when I was using the treadmill or weights . The issue was that the ear buds were just too big and could n't provide a proper fit . The irony is that the original ipod headphones -LRB- the new ones for IPOD Nano -RRB- works much better ! It just stays fixed even on the treadmill or outdoor runs .
 True to other reviews of these headphones , there are pluses and minues . The pluses , they have a cool green color , they come with an extension cord and a smaller set of rubber speaker covers , They have a low profile outside the ear so they are comfortable when laying down on a pillow -LRB- I can not feel them in my ears hardly at all -RRB- The sound is adequate but need to fit well to have the best bass sound experience.The minuses
 this things are terrible they just wo n't stay in your ears.i got a heat rash in my ears just for me to keep them on . please do n't buy not even if thier 3 cents .
 I 've purchased three Smartdisk FireLites and two out of the three have failed on me . Both had tons of data . When I contacted FireLight support for help , they did n't even bother to email me back . I 'll never purchase another product from Smartdisk !
 I purchased this product , not via amazon , but locally . It lasted three months before the hard drive died , making a loud clicking sound . I called verbatim support , refused to help me without my original receipt . Did n't matter if I supplied a serial number on the product . It was summed up to me as no receipt , no support . Stay away from them as they will not warranty there products .
 I had to return one of these because of a glaring problem with the drive , and am debating whether to return the second one :1 -RRB- There seems to be a problem when the drive spins down if you do n't use it for a while . I had it hooked up to a MacBook and a MacBook Pro . They were running 10.4 and 10.5 , respectively . When the drives are mounted and you do n't use them for 10 minutes or so and the `` set hard disks to sleep when possible '' option is enabled in Energy Saver , a problem occurs . When you try to copy a file to the device after this time , the drive spins up , disappears from the system , and reappears in two seconds . The system complains that the drive was improperly disconnected and that data could be lost . I 've had several firewire hard drives over the years and also recently bought a WD Passport 160GB USB , and that device came out of sleep properly.The problem seems to be with the enclosure and not the drive that 's inside . Either way , Smartdisk/verbatim should really come out with a firmware update to address the issue .
 I purchased a SmartDisk Firelite 160GB from Amazon after reading the positive reviews.Unfortunately I 've had a very negative experience with this drive.When I first received the drive , it seemed as advertised . I was able to mount it just by plugging it into either the USB or Firewire port . Windows XP recognized it immediately . The drive came with BounceBack backup software , which I used to backup the C
 Bought the FlashTrax Media Player . After a power outage the hard drive was fine , but the main computer would not recognize the drive . We were only three months over the one year warranty , and even though we would pay for the repair they said they would n't touch it after it was out of warranty . POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE . Poor attention was given to detailed emails , had to keep repeating the same thing over and over.Their final response ... `` But it is the way that we have everything set up . We can not change things because you want us to . It would not be fair to every other customer who fellows the rules and saves their paper work . Good luck . '' Hello ? I had the paperwork .
 As others have written , the entire SmartDisk USB line does n't work properly with Mac laptops . I got one and it works fine with my wife 's PC laptops , but wo n't even boot on my PowerBook G4 . SmartDisk 's tech support told me that the silver PowerBook line ca n't push enough juice through the USB cable to power the unit . So basically I have a silver paperweight -- nice . Avoid this product line at all costs .
 It fit my helmet like I wanted.But the volume sucks.I turned the volume wide open with out being in my helmet and could barely hear it.I put them in my helmet starter my bike and could not hear at all with volume as loud as it would go.I guess this is what I get for going cheep .
 I thought that I would be able to ride on the highway while listening to some tunes from the IPOD . That is NOT happening with these . You are better offer using regular ipod headphones or investing in a bluetooth helmet like i did . waste of money . Volume is too low ... cant hear even when the bike is OFF !!
 There are WAY better ones out there that you mold yourself for forty five bucks . Search for Fuze custom headphones , use them on my bike and they are awesome with very little background noise .
 I ca n't say anything about the performance of this product because I never installed it in my helmet . I did n't care for the look of the speakers so I did n't bother to install them .
 I tried these with my Creative Zen Sleek Photo MP3 player in a 3/4 JHC helmet and they do not get loud enuff to hear adequately standing in the driveway never mind on the road . The rated impedance seems low enough maybe the drivers are inefficient/lack sensitivity . I tried plugging them into the headphone output of my Yamaha YST 2.1 computer speakers and with the volume knob cranked up they do get loud and sound pretty good . Most portable devices probably will not have sufficient output to drive them properly for their intended use .
 What a waste of money , you ca n't hear the music over the road noise . Get a speaker with a booster if you want to listen to your music on the road .
 I tried these with my MP3 player all the way up with a Boostaroo headphone amplifier and the volume on the speakers all the way up inside a closed full face HJC helmet - still could n't hear much of anything . I was sitting still on my 500cc Aprilia Scooter - probably the quietest `` motorcycle '' out there . I 'm far from deaf and my $ 10 Sony over the ear sporty buds are pristine under the same conditions - save your time and money and head to Walmart . I 'm mailing them back tomorrow . -LRB- the Boostaroo does help with regular earphones/buds to get over the bike and wind noise . -RRB-
 I like the size and ease of placement in the helmet . However , I can hardly hear it when riding . I dont even have that loud of a motorcycle -LRB- Ducati ST4S -RRB- . Its more of a back ground music than anything .
 I agree with many of the other reviewers . Definitly NOT loud enough , I tried them with my Ipod and my Garmin - neither was loud enough . I had to go with in ear phones .
 I purchased this product online from NewEgg -LRB- who , by the way are n't so great to deal with either -RRB- in April . By May , I got the `` Flash '' error . Sent the product to Initial mid May and got it back end of July . They claim to never have receive my invoice that i faxed , so the GPS/DVD sat there for almost 2 months . So it 's now it 's Aug 7 and my GPS/DVD failed AGAIN with the `` Flash '' message . I am sending this back again and they offered to replace it with the GM-701 . From the other feedback I 've seen , I 'm not sure this is going to be any different result . Takes forever to get to talk to someone at Initial and no matter what their messages say , they will NOT call you back if you leave a VM or email .
 This unit was a great concept . I used it for about 2 months before taking on a trip from michigan to florida . After waiting for 15 minutes for the unit to load the florida data from the DVD -LRB- make sure you carry the dvd with you ! -RRB- , it gave me an error
 I purchased this unit two weeks ago and I have tried many different ways to get this voice prompted directions correctly . But almost everytime , the voice directions are not consistent , and many times the directions are too slow . It tells me to turn after I passed a street . When I tried to follow the directions , and 50 % of the time I get lost because the directions are too slow.I called the tech support and they keep telling me that the unit seems working , of course it is working . It is just too slow to use on the local streets.DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT . YOU WILL REGRET LIKE MYSELF . SPEND YOUR MONEY FOR A BETTER NAME BRAND . In case you want to hear my testimony , let me know at `` cyoon77@yahoo.com ''
 I am on my fourth GD-70X unit in a year . This company is terrible , as are their customer service policies . Out of the year I 've owned the unit -LRB- s -RRB- I 've only had a working one for about 6 months . When it works , I love it.This time they are charging me $ 99.00 for labor to fix my unit ... the only thing is ... they 're not performing any labor . I am being sent a GD-701 as a replacement . When I pointed out that there was no labor actually being performed for my labor charge , the rep said , `` I know sir , I agree it 's stupid . If you want we can fix your GD-70X and send that back to you . '' - Uh No thanks!When I get the replacement , I 'm going to sell it on ebay and go buy a Garmin or Magellan at Best Buy . I never want to spend another hour of my life on the phone with Global-Navigation 's lame excuse for customer service and `` tech support ''
 I purchased GD-70X on-line . Unfortunately it broke during 2/3 months . It was returned and later the same item was sent back to me . I only used it 3x because I took extra-care in it , but , same problem occured . This time I choose another item to replace it with GM-701 . Unfortunately , I tested GM-701 for 5 days but it hang-up and I keep re-setting the destination to make it works . This time , I chose my GD-70X hoping to make it works . INITIAL -LRB- Co -RRB- will replace it with my original GD-70X but advised me that next time if any problem occurs . I 'll have to pay for labor or if I want to extend my warranty , I 'll have to pay additional amount for extended warranty.TO PROSPECTIVE BUYER
 I bought a new mini-van and the dealer talked me into this unit . Over the first 12 months , I had 3 different units . I am into the second year and the unit has no idea where I am and prompts me to turn after I am through the intersection . Last night someone broke into my van and stole it . Poor sucker . Now I can finally get a GPS that works . I would n't wish this unit on my worst enemy . The manufacturer is of no help , and the dealer told me that I was stupid like his wife and did not understand computers .
 my gps unit worked for about a year . After shelved it for 2 months , the gps software wont load anymore . It gave the error `` intellinav.exe is not a window ce application '' . The DVD player still works though . Tech support as usual , non-existent . Does anyone know how to reset this thing?I have disconnected the battery and the same problem persists .
 I purchased this product for the dual use . The DVD on this unit never worked and when i called the customer service they wanted me to send it back to them and were going to charge me $ 160 to replace it with the newer version . I asked what would they do if the DVD does not function in the new unit and they did not had an answer to that . This company does not stand by its product . DO NOT MAKE A MISTAKE OF BUYING THIS PRODUCT AT ANY COST !
 Unreliable GPS locking . Slow tracking as others have said . I also got the `` ca n't find navigate ... '' message after only a few months of use.Tech support is basically non-existant . No return emails . If you call , you 're placed in a que . Even when it says you 're number 1 in the que , no one answers!Ok for dvd , but that 's it . If you need a GPS , DEFINITELY look elswhere . With quality like this , I suspect this company -LRB- Global Navigation markets it through Initial -RRB- wo n't be around for very long .
 1 . It does not come w / an attachment so you can connect it to your landline phone -LSB- which is stupid -RSB- . I had to contact the manufacturer directly -LSB- twice -RSB- to get them to send a connector free of charge .2 . You nearly have to scream so that the party on the other end can hear you .3 . I had to remove the ear piece cushion so that I could hear people on the other end w / volume cranked up ashigh as I could get it . Uncomfortable .4 . A waste of $ 60.00 -LRB- + -RRB- bucks , yet I need it until I can find a better , more reasonably priced headset -LSB- that 's the 1star part -RSB- . You have been warned , peeps !!!
 This card does not come with an external power supply . My Flash drive was detected but a file transfer did not work due to the lack of power supply . I 'm ordering a card with the power supply -LRB- ex
 My card refused to recognize three different peripherals - a Buffalo USB2 hard drive , an USB2 to Ethernet adapter , and a Maxtor hard drive . All three function well on either my laptop 's native USB1 .1 or Firewire ports . The user guide is useless . Installation was easy and device status confirms that all appropriate drivers are installed .
 I downloaded an update driver that Interlink had mistakenly uploaded to Microsoft and it caused a failure of the RemotePoint and part of my system . Without appearing to try real hard or to be concerned about the mistake they had made , tech support was unable to correct the problem or even get my system to its previous status . They just gave up . Attempts to contact others in the company were futile.I do n't believe they have their devices fully integrated and functional with Win 2000 or XP . I replaced the unit with the Logitech Cordless Desktop MX for Bluetooth . The Logitech mouse and keyboard installed flawlessly and both work great . Great range and much less cost . The Logitech units get Five Stars .
 This armband is a bit of a disappointment . When you cinch it up , it twists . Then it 's hard to staighten the band back up .
 This armband goes along with the otterbox ipod waterproof case . The case is so big and clunky that it renders the armband useless . I might as well strap a `` boom box '' to my arm .
 My wife and I bought the Minolta 2350-EN Color Laser Printer 5 years ago and had about two years of good results followed by repeated nightmares culminating in a $ 360 repair bill that leaves us with a boat anchor . In all that time we could not have printed more than 4,000 pages in total , enough to use up one set of cartridges . During the past 3 years we have had spotty prints , many times unusable finally culminating in a seized up gearbox -LRB- $ 280 -RRB- and horrible problems with the transfer belt `` consumable '' -LRB- $ 330 new -RRB- which is advertised to last for 50,000 + impressions.Needless to say we are not going to throw good money after bad an will NOT be replacing this piece of junk with another Konica Minolta printer product ... . YMMV .
 When the printer worked , the output was fine . However , it has never worked properly . We bought a factory-refurbished unit but it came with 3 problems . The factory tech service gave us the run-around until the warranty expired -LRB- partially our fault for not pursuing it better , but even though we had emailed with complaints prior to the warranty ending , they would n't consider doing warranty work -RRB- . Many of the things they expected us to do with it are ridiculous ... we 're just home computer users and do n't expect to devote hours every day to tech support on our printer!With this big , heavy unit it is expensive to ship and techs have quoted us about $ 300 just to look at it and repair it ... so our entire money that we spent on this printer a few months ago is wasted and the printer now does n't work at all .
 I have used this printer for 1 year and it almost daily crashes and prints ASCII garbage forcing reboot of printer . At least once a day !! Minolta sent tech out and replaced board but it still prints garbage once a day . The time lost makes this printer not worth buying.I waited for a year under my belt before I wrote . It crashed just now prompting me to share to save others from making mistake of buying . I would recommend spending a little more and getting HPs Color Laser which is falling in price fast.I also work in the IT world so not just frustration from a newbie , it 's a lemon of product . I can guarantee you the post with 5 stars are new users and do n't have the experience yet to comment but instead are awe struck with a new toy.With all the equipment I deal with each day , this is the biggest headache and kills productivity with needless lost time .
 The Konica Minolta 2350EN does prints great color photos . Four things that would not allow me to recommend this printer :1 -RRB- Menu on printer is difficult to use .2 -RRB- The ethernet port is a problem requiring the computer and printer to be re-booted when the printer locks up .3 -RRB- The paper going through the printer is `` rolled '' and difficult to flatten out because of the heat when prininting .4 -RRB- The four toner cartridges is expensive to replace .
 This is the worst thing I have purchased this year . The operators manual is terrible and does n't tell you anything -LRB- but yet it comes in 6 different languages so it `` looks '' impressive . It prints a test page every time it starts to help you waste toner and 9 times out of 10 it jams so you have to restart the printer and reboot your computer to get it to work right . When it eventually does print , the graphics quality is HIGHLY overrated by other reviews . The clarity is poor for such a high resolution printer . The controls on the printer to adjust the setting manually are impossible to understand because it 's just one circle with arrows that do absoultely nothing when pressed . The installation of the drivers is also a pain due to the multi-language formats it comes in . Save your money and buy a HP -- this printer is the worst .
 We 've had this printer for 2 years . The end product it good but it has been very unreliable for several months now . At times , for no apparent reason , it will print out an error message and non-sensical jibberish . It also seems to work very hard and slow for even 1 page
 Yes , those reviews with 5 stars have to be users that have n't had it for very long . After using for a year , I really wish I had not chosen the 2350EN . It crashes at least twice a week . I have had to remove all traces from my network and reinstall at least 5 times . If someone makes the mistake of turning it off for the night , you have to reboot the entire network before it will print . It jams constantly if the paper weight and job dimensions are not perfect . I called sales before buying and they said the printer would run standard postcard sizes . It wo n't -LRB- tech support said so -RRB- It will only run `` Japanese postcard sizes '' . So if you want to print addresses on your postcards or make your own postcards from your pictures forget it -LRB- or buy special size paper -RRB- . Their product page says that it will handle 65lb card stock . It wo n't . Tech support explained -LRB- after I bought it -RRB- that they actually use a grams per meter rating to determine that weight of the paper -LRB- not the bond weight or pound rating that is on their public spec . sheet -RRB- . The actual weight tolerated is way below the usual 65lb card stock papers that are available from the major office supply centers . DO N'T DO THIS TO YOURSELF . . CHOOSE SOMETHING ELSE !!
 I have owned this printer for about 2.5 years - and it is a bitter sweet relationship . When it works well , it is great . However , it is very temperamental and can really make you want to pull your hair out :1 . ethernet port never worked - ended up using USB port2 . Does n't work on every USB port on my computers - had to play around and remember which one it works on3 . while printing powerpoint slides or documents , for no reason at all it will set off an error page and then I get about 50 pages of ASCII error messages ... wasting my ink and paper ! 4 . locks up a lot and the fan is loud enough to wake up the house . wo n't turn off until you rebootI bought this to avoid spending $ $ $ at print shops for business docs ... but the amount of babysitting I have to do to print docs is a real time drain . I have struggled so much that I have been late on proposals and lost business because it went into error mode.Aside from problems , the print quality is great . It is easy to operate . It 's just unpredictable and temperamental .
 I bought this laser model about 2004 and had problems with it from the outset . I got pages and pages of ASCII stuff sometimes at the start of a job and sometimes mid-way into a job.Minolta Support insisted I needed to get forensic diagnostic software to determine the problem with my computer . My computer was brand new at the same time as the printer.The saving grace of this machine is the quality of the output particularly on photos . Skin tones are not too good but probably as good as an inkjet on plain paper.Since OS X Lion the machine is better behaved but it will still paper jam on startup and throw an ASCII tantrum if it feels like . Tons of complaints on US reviews too .
 Keyboard is well-designed -LRB- small , light -RRB- with good key feel , and it 's Mac-compatible . But do n't get it unless you can tolerate extremely s-l-o-w , inaccurate mouse function . For this price , mouse should work great , and this is n't close yet .
 This keyboard can be purchased in three different forms that I am aware of . Interlink offers it as just the keyboard or a combo package that includes the keyboard along with their RemotePoint RF presentation wireless mouse/pointer . You can also get this keyboard under the Adesso brand , whom I believe is the manufacturer since they seem to specialize in wireless keyboards whereas Interlink appears to be a company for presentation products -LRB- perhaps they make the pointer and package it with a rebranded Adesso -RRB- . I purchased the Interlink combo and then returned it and purchased the Adesso instead . My evaluation of these products was under Windows Vista Ultimate Edition -LRB- 32 bit -RRB- . Adesso vs. Interlink versions ... First , the mouse . The Adesso uses an optical trackball , which is much easier to use . The Interlink has a thumb pad type of joystick which is okay to use and takes some getting used to . The thumb pad mouse seems like it may have been included to match the one on the pointer/mouse . The one on the Interlink pointer works very well , much better than the one on the Interlink keyboard.The index finger buttons on the front of the keyboard are a little different as well . On the interlink you get mouse buttons and on the Adesso , the right button is the left mouse click and the left is not a button but rather a scroll wheel . The wheel scrolls only , there is no push button function.Adesso has an extra row of buttons above the F keys rather than the logo and trim stickers found on the Interlink . You get an ID button , forward/back buttons , IE , email and My Computer buttons on the left side plus transport and volume buttons on the right side.The RF receivers I had were also different . The Adesso one is small , like a USB memory stick . The Interlink was a larger unit -LRB- it was round and about the diameter of a hockey puck and half as thick -RRB- with a USB cable hard wired to it and a little -LRB- ~ 3 '' -RRB- antenna . This may have been a special receiver since I purchased the combo package with the keyboard and air mouse / pointer.Range is great with both keyboards and neither requires drivers to be loaded . You only need to load software for the air mouse / pointer if you use that and even then you only need it if you want to reprogram the buttons to do specific actions.Finally there is the subject of the quantity of monetary units that are required to obtain one of these keyboards . Both keyboards are available here on Amazon with the free supersaver shipping . The Interlink will require twice as many monetary units to acquire it , however.Go to the `` interlinkelectronics '' web site or the `` adesso '' web site to see for yourself . The Adesso is model number
 It worked great , until it broke . After 2 years of very light use , the circular joystick , that controls the mouse , suddenly stopped functioning.I verified this on 2 different machines , to make sure it was n't related to something on one computer
 This item worked for about 2 weeks , then stopped . I narrowed the problem down to the software , which is not manufactured by Interlink . I went to the Interlink and software website , finding minimal info and no software updates . I followed their instructions , repeatedly , and still I can not get the software to work.The remote supposedly will work without the software , as a remote mouse . It wo n't even do that.The remote itself is beautiful and handles well . Nice laser pointer and good function key placement . I especially like the rubber coating.I have used various IR and RF remotes while doing presentations . My job is training . This remote is great , but less useful than a rock , with this software.I 'm very surprised Interlink makes such great remotes , but has such poor software and support for the software .
 Item would not work consistently even with new drivers downloaded from the manufacturer . Programmable keys lose their programming . Had to return the item .
 This sounded like a great idea . My son has one and loves it . I have not been able to get comfortable using it .
 I purchased this alarm system for my 5th wheel . It worked great for a week and then stopped working . hmmmmmm
 Purchased this for my apartment just to protect sliding door and front door . First of all the unit had to be within about 10 feet of the front door to pick up the sensor . Deciding to work with this was a mistake . Within a few weeks the unit would start beeping for no reason and the only way to stop it was to completely turn off the unit . I am one of those individuals who normally bo not buy junk and i have learned another lesson .
 I purchased this system to monitor an apartment , placing one of the sensors on the front door . I tried to position the base station about 20 feet away , nearly clear line of sight -LRB- not going through any walls -RRB- . Unfortunately , the receiver did n't detect the sensor at all . I moved the unit closer and found that it was erratic around 15 feet , and reliable at about only 10 feet.Unfortunately , this is setup is not feasible for my apartment , which I did n't expect to be a problem based on the quoted range . Kudos to Amazon for a hassle-free return process . I 'm planning to try one of the similar GE systems instead .
 I have Skylink 's SC-100 panel and that works great . The range on that is over 100 feet . The range on this unit -LRB- and I suspect that this is due to receiver sensitivity being low -RRB- is less than 40 feet . This will not work when the distance of a door sensor is over 40 feet , which is not much .
 I purchased this item to safeguard my apartment . It worked fine for the first couple of days then it would stop working -LRB- technically the sensors would not be linked to the main unit and I had to re-sync the unit -RRB- . I tried it out for a couple more days and it stopped working again -LRB- once again I had to re-sync the sensors -RRB- . After the 4th time of doing this I returned the item .
 I purchased this alarm for my pool house/storage shed . I did n't need much . I did n't get much . The alarms are not that loud . The remotes are lucky to work from 25 feet , no where near 100 feet . The system is cheap , made in China . All you have to do is unplug it and turn the switch to off and the alarm shuts off . Takes about 10 seconds and the entire system is rendered useless . My only hope is that if somebody does try to break in they just head for the hills , thinking the system may be reporting somehwere . The loudness of the alarm certainly wo n't scare them . If they take the time to look at the system , I may find them on the floor , dead from laughter . All in all , a poor system but probably sufficient for my needs . For the price , I should n't complain . I would n't use it in my house though .
 I bought it on June 16 , 2008 , and it stopped working on July 21 , 2008 . Less than 40 days , such a low quality product !
 Not sure if the moving parts are the issue , but it broke in about 6 months . I have a friend with one at work , his broke as well .
 This is a nice looking speaker however , if I turn up the volume the music would sound choppy and sometimes inaudible . I could only raise the volume half way . I do n't think that I would be able to use this in the park for a private picnic and still hear my music .
 These speakers are pitiful . I have two other sets of JBL speakers and expected no less quality , but now I know better . These are n't fit to use or travel with . The sound quality is as bad as cheap speakers , which these are not . There is distortion , and they are only picking up segments of the music , not the full sound . I could not be more disappointed . My first unhappy JBL experience , and my first unhappy Amazon experience .
 I bought these to have sent to Iraq where I am currently stationed . My wife received them in a timely manner , no complaints about shipping . They were new just as I planned . When she plugged them into her ipod to make sure they worked , she told me that they turned off . I had her check to make sure there was no EQ that would affect them . So this is the problem , im not getting any volume , only slightly quieter than a normal indoor talking voice . Needless to say , they do not compare to the noises indide a Humvee , which is exactly where I need them . Is this just a defect , or do I need to find other speakers ? By the way , its not a battery issue , it does the same thing when they are plugged into the wall , and when it happens the little orange light blinks . I press a volume button then they start working again , for a short moment .
 A few days ago amazon was selling this for $ 58 with free shipping . I was thinking about going ahead and buying it because they seemed to be good and they are not being made anymore -LRB- a lot of stores are n't selling them any more -RRB- . Well , Amazon stopped selling them.Now some stupid 3rd party is selling them for $ 199 . This is becoming common on Amazon . Amazon stops selling items with really great reviews and a 3rd party pulls in trys selling it at an outrageous price.Don ' t buy this for $ 199 . The retail was $ 99 , but they were commonly sold for $ 75 or less . This is a rip off.They probably are good for $ 60 - $ 75 dollar speakers , but you can get much better for $ 200 . Edit
 Compact , good for packing in lap top case . Good for enhancing the sound of a PC.Uses triple -LRB- AAA -RRB- battery 's , battery 's cost too much money . Has mini-plug to connect to a device , and a power supply that is too bulky to pack with a lap topThis unit needs to be powered by a USB cable or double -LRB- AA -RRB- battery 's , or both.Are you listening ? JBL
 Yes , shhhhhhhh ... I have these speakers in front of me , so I do n't need too much volume to hear music adequately.Because of this , I can hear this shhhhh noise , and it 's annoying.The sound is OK , one star because they 're JBL and the price tag .
 These are very small , the sound is n't much better than the speakers on my mac book pro , and they 're made of a cheap easily scratched plastic . If anybody bought them at the 99 dollar retail they must be really pissed ! Spend a little more money and get something decent . Not worth plugging in the transformer to power the things .
 For their size they are great . Very crisp highs for everything you would like to listen to . If its an audio book or music , you wo n't be disapointed with the on tour speakers .
 While this may be a marvelous product , I am still trying to get throug the bubble wrap . I have so far ruined a pair scissors , a disposble scaple , and my temper . I will make a note NEVER to buy from this company again . I am tired of trying to open Fort Knox .
 I was really looking forward to getting some portable speakers for my laptop since its speakers are not very loud or good . However , the adapter that goes from the unit to the speaker port was defective and in order to hear anything , I have to wiggle the cord . Once I could hear it , I was n't that impressed with the sounds . Hopefully I can find another adapter cord .
 I really rate this item 2 1/2 stars . It sounds fairly good , but there is no way to turn in off without closing the cover . You ca n't close the cover with the AC adapter or the MP3 player cable connected.At low volume the sound is mediocre at best . With a little more volume it sound okay . I would not recommend this item .
 I purchased these speakers based on amazon reviews , many of which are positive and some of which are negative . I was looking for speakers for my Sansa e280 . I definitely had higher expectations for these speakers than perhaps the $ 40 price would suggest . If you like listening to clock radios -LRB- I am not talking Soundwaves ! -RRB- , then these will probably do fine . I was not happy with the overall sound quality and returned them . I ultimately ended up spending much more for Klipsch ProMedia 2.1 speakers . I am very satisfied with the Klipsch speakers .
 I bought this on the hearty recommendations of the 190-plus reviews here , but I 'm very disappointed in this product after I began using it.I should have thought of it
 I was hoping for some good quality speakers for my Ipod , something that would give me good sound . What I got was a massive battery hog -LRB- after I got some AAA batteries -RRB- and sound that had absolutely no bass and was tin-ish quality . Unless you turn it over , then there is no trebble and tin-ish quality .
 Placed the first two cartridges in the printer and after the alignment page the printer reports the ink is low and needs to be replaced . And this was right out of the box . I am sticking to manufacturer ink !
 Sorry i really ca n't recommend this item . It 's not the cartridge it 's self , but it want work . . The dell printer wo n't allow it to , and actually it messed my printer up , and i ended up buying a different one .
 this ink is not goodbecause its does not fit my printer
 My local Walgreens store refills Dell ink cartridges ; the printer does not recognize the refill and will not accept them . You can override the printer and force it to print , but it 's a hassle if you do a lot of printing . Best to stick with the real deal . Best Buy has Dell ink available online for a better price than Dell online . Staples has Dell ink for about the same as Dell online , but at least you save shipping and handling if there is a store near you . Office Depot has discontinued the Dell line and gone to an allegedly compatible store brand . Cost seems to be a bit higher than Staples though . So overall , if you need it now go to your nearest Staples office store .
 This was a great monitor with Lion but it simply refuses to work with Mountain Lion . I 've tried installing the software 10 different ways including the newest versions and help from displaylink but it 's a no go . Even 10.8.1 and the latest 10.8.2 beta does not work . Could work later down the road but if your a mac user and running Mountain Lion , stay away for now .
 I bought one of these from ThinkGeek a year or two ago and it only worked for about 4 months -LRB- just out of warranty -RRB- before it started acting up . It will work for a few minutes and then the image just disappears in static . Would NOT buy another item from this manufacturer ! Proximus has a 7 '' TOUCHSCREEN monitor that 's considerably cheaper than this non-touchscreen model .
 This little thing was good for awhile , but then the stand broke . AND it started crashing my computer ... Not just one , both of my computers . I had to use system restore just to get my computers working again . I 'm not sure if its the monitor , or the displaylink driver . Either way , I do n't like this monitor anymore . It was pretty good before it started crashing my computers . You 'd be better off finding a different mini monitor though . And it just seems so cheaply made ... The only use I would have for this now is for my laptop . I remember it not crashing my laptop a while ago . But still , I 'm a bit afraid to plug it in to that too ... : /
 This monitor is nothing of what they promise . It does n't work `` plug-n-play '' , it crashes my PC when even after installing the proper drivers . The monitor does n't even work on my Mac -LRB- which is usually forgiving of most faulty attachments -RRB- . Do n't waste your money or your time on this one .
 I received one of these for Christmas after being asked `` what do you want '' for the 1oo ` th time . When I first got it , I noticed that it is NOT what they showed in the picture , mine was extremely low quality , , no finish , no logo , the buttons on it are poor , the screen image is that of a SD TV , and the leg in the back does n't seem to hold it up on it own and the device has to be propped against my monitor to stop it from slidding . The USB wire that connects it seems to have large issues , even the slightest tap will cause the screen to cut out and my main monitor will begin to flicker , sometimes just for about 10 seconds , other times , until I pick the device up , unplug it and plug it back in -LRB- can you say Recursion ? -RRB- , This usually ends with whatever game I was playing finally ether black screening , crashing or just hanging up .
 Video playback on OSX on this monitor is horrible . If you 're planning on using it for that purpose do n't waste your money .
 I saw a deal in SkyMall magazine , through TigerDirect to get this retractable cable for free after rebate . I also got a whole kit , with a bunch of different retractable cables . The USB cables all worked OK -LRB- do n't expect high-speed support ! -RRB- . But the `` A-Male to B-Male '' adapter that is supposed to allow you to use it as a device cable is worthless . I tested it by plugging it into my scanner . The scanner made some noise , which verified that it was plugged in . But that was it - it would not scan . I plugged in a regular USB 1.1 cable , and the scanner worked perfectly - at USB 2.0 high-speed , even . I would not recommend this cable .
 USB consists of 4 connectors PLUS the shield.Many devices rely on this shield being conductive.UltraProducts cables -LRB- USB -RRB- do not conduct the shield at all.Their FireWire cable DOES -- but the adapters needed to make it work do not.NONE of the USB adapters they supply conduct the grounding shield from end to end.Their product is pure crap.If you call & complain , they put you off by `` troubleshooting '' the problem , and then they 'll send you a replacement -- just as worthless as the original -- finally , when you ask for your $ back -- they say that it 's past their return policy date but will exchange it ... so you 're stuck with crap . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I purchased this item to make it easier to connect my iPod shuffle to my PC and to recharge . I was disappointed that it did not allow me to connect to my PC and did not work with my charger . Wasted money . Oh well ...
 if you have the new mac os 10.2 dont buy this reader .
 There is a pixel that is always lit -LRB- bright color -RRB- . It should have been failed by the QA from the manufacturer , if it was shipped as a new product .
 Had it in my hands for a few days , I 'm happy it isnt mine.Its poorly implemented , the software is pathetic and the screen looks cheap . Not to mention the fact that it is an underdog in a market with thousands of professional-looking titles available for the palm or the pocket pc.If you are gon na spend money on a PDA , you 'd better consider a Palm -LRB- Sony 's are cool if you can afford them -RRB- or the new Pocket PCs .
 Unfortunately I 've had to revise my opinion of the Zaurus way , way down as I started to learn its quirks more.The software is pathetic . It looks like the PIM and Sync software were hacked together by a bunch of college students over a weekend . They really did not have to do much ... all that they had to do was copy feature-for-feature the Palms which have been around for close to a decade now.Backlighting is uneven . There is a dark area on the screen in the top right hand corner . Compare this to a screen from either the Palm Tungsten or any PocketPC and you will see what is missing.The battery indicator is useless ; and so is the battery . It lasts about an hour with the backlight . And spare batteries cost a fortune.The fonts are poor . A lot of the screen is taken up by assorted 3-D buttons and scroll bars . The end result is that the effective resolution is more or less the same as a Palm 160x160 screen.The image viewer can not open large files.Handwriting recognition is poor ... on a PocketPC it recognizes all of my cursive handwriting without an issue . And Graffiti has worked for me since it first came out.Sharp better get its act together pretty darn soon . Does not look like they are going to sell much unless they _ way _ improve the GUI and reduce the price point to a more affordable level .
 Sorry Sharp , but I tried . This Zaurus SL-5500 PDA is a great idea , but it is poorly implemented and supported . The screen is great ; I love the fact that is uses Linux ; and the applications included with the product are just fine . ** BUT ** I have grown tired of the constant synching problems between my workstation and the docking station . I 've tried for days to get this ... thing to work , and I 'm giving up . I have read many of the postings on message boards , and I believe my frustrations are shared by many . I ca n't recommend this product to anyone unless they are interested in pain . Sorry , I tried . Buyer beware !!!!!
 ... but no Mac support ? Bummer . It seemed promising as an alternative to all the new Windows-based devices , but then I see the only OS 's supported for syncing are Windows-based ! If there had been Mac support , this would have been my Christmas gift to my hubby ! Guess we 're back to Palm .
 I bought this based on a recommendation from a tech insider who said `` your tech teams will love it '' , but even they were frustrated with the syncing options and software . The unit performs ok , but it is not intuitive on installation and hot syncing . Too many different programs to keep straight . Finally when installing on my XP system it -LRB- along with the tech support people Sharpe directed me to delete several critical drivers that it conflicted with - only to have equally important pieces of equiptment fail . WHAT A PAIN ! If you do not enjoy plumbing the depths of your computers operating systems and bios - order something with more dependable software . The unit looks great and has good graphics and adequate functionality , but woe to the operating system .
 I had high hopes for this product when I ordered it from HSN , but to my dissapointment this device had the most terrible LCD screen I have ever seen . Since the unit is front-lit , it looks too bright or too dark if you hold it at an angle . The top-right corner also has a dark spot , and there is a grid of white pixels slightly visible on the display . The screen is also off center to accommodate for the front light -LRB- on the right side of the screen -RRB- . On the unit I recieved , vertical lines would appear if I moved the Zaurus slightly left to right . Needless to say , I returned my Zaurus .
 I bought this based on a recommendation from a tech insider who said `` your tech teams will love it '' , but even they were frustrated with the syncing options and software . The unit performs ok , but it is not intuitive on installation and hot syncing . Too many different programs to keep straight . Finally when installing on my XP system it -LRB- along with the tech support people Sharpe directed me to delete several critical drivers that it conflicted with - only to have equally important pieces of equiptment fail . WHAT A PAIN ! If you do not enjoy plumbing the depths of your computers operating systems and bios - order something with more dependable software . The unit looks great and has good graphics and adequate functionality , but woe to the operating system .
 If 60 % of PDA users use Palm and 35 % use Pocket PC/WinCE , why be the last 5 % that use something nobody really cares about ? As a Mac user I learned the pains of living on the fringe , and my advice to any potential Zaurus shopper is , stick with a mainstream device , i.e. , Pocket PC or Palm.The Zaurus sports a nice hardware design , something you 'd expect from a Japanese company . The software , while stable , is very unpolished and VERY confusing . There 's also a lack of clear integration as on the Palm and also Pocket PC . Free software ? You get what you pay for ... In short , not quite worth the money and the label of an anti-social .
 DO NOT BUY THIS DRIVE.I 've now purchased two Western Digital firewire drives , and both have failed in the first 2 months.When the first one failed , I opened the firewire case -LRB- at the advice of the repair technician where I bought the drive -RRB- and plugged the drive mechanism into another drive case to determin if the problem was the drive mechanism itself or some other component.This was very important to me because I had a couple of houndred hours invested in the video clips I was editing on this drive.It turns out the drive mechanism itself had failed - so I LOST ALL MY DATA . It failed even though I had not moved it or unplugged it since I purchased it -- rough handling was not the problem.When I turned the unit in for repair , Western Digital refused to repair or replace it because I had opened the external case of the drive . Their web site talks about voiding warranty by tampering with the label on drive mechanisms , but I had n't done that . I had simply opened the external case and removed the mechanism to try to recover my data.So , with two failed drives , I 'm out ... and all my data.Western Digital 's return policy is designed to make it easy for their technicians , but puts thier customer 's interests last . I suggest returning the favor and putting Western Digital 's interests last -- buy a firewire drive from a different manufacturer.Also , look for a drive that has a fan and is n't prone to overheating.This WD External Firewire drive is a disaster waiting to happen .
 one of the c/d players is not working at allthe reason it was bout is so we could have 2 c/d player and so happends that only one works is not acceptable . Yes it was used but it does not say taht is not working at its fulest before we purchasteed.its nof fair .
 Even though the manufacturer , a chemical company based in South korea , claims 28mm dog pitch , it 's very blurry . The colours are washed out , and the contrast is poor ... For better price , go with Kogi ...
 Yeah . . See that black thumb grippy bit there on the left edge of this little wonder ? Well , that thing is glued on not with any kind of commercial bonding adhehsive , but with something . . else.How do I know ? Because that grippy black bit is rubber and squishy and behind it , turns out , is a layer of a thick , wet tar that barely adheres to the mouse . It took me months to realize that the gummy black resinous gunk on my thumb was actually seeping out from the base of this black rubber pad and it 's just an oily tar . It 's kind of revolting.I 've had it way too long to send back , and I 'd be too embarrassed to sell it on ebay so I 'm just gon na ' Purell my hands again and come whine about it here.Thanks
 This mouse is kind of large and awkward to hold . The CD that came with this was BLANK and there are no drivers on their web site . I 've learned after buying a couple of Creative Labs items that their customer support is sorely lacking . I wo n't be buying any more of their products anytime soon .
 I love having the five mouse buttons and being wireless , but I 've run into two problems with this mouse . First , it frequently scrolls down -LRB- as if the scroll wheel had been moved -RRB- a few lines all by itself , when I 'm not even touching the mouse . Secondly , I have to replace the batteries roughly once per month . So , factor in the cost of 2 AA batteries per month when considering the price of this mouse ...
 We ordered 3 monitors , wall mounted them in a hospital , they are setup to run 24/7 . Long story short , after a year and a half , all 3 died within 2 weeks of each other . Viewsonic would n't do anything about it , since its only a 1 yr warranty . Safe to say , we will never buy from Viewsonic again .
 I loved the device at first but then it stopped working a couple of days ago .
 This item is advertised to be a Western Digital WDAD004-RNx part and the graphic image shows that . The actual item delivered is a no-brand item with no cable or document and the package does not list it as compatible with WinXP . Reviewing feedback shows that this Cables4PC outfit has a history of sending items other than what is ordered .
 The control of PowerPoint is excellet except the blank screen button is often accidentally pressed during the presentation.The laser is very weak and dies often in the middle of a presentation-rather frustrating.I liked the flash memory initially , but found it troublesome because it takes extra time for the PC to recongnize it and a folder always pops up !
 SMK-Link VP4300 RemotePoint Presenter - Special EditionI have one , it worked beautifully , until my computer started crashing after 30 mins DURING powerpoint presentation , after about more than 1/2 dozen crashes and rebooting computer in midst of a presentation , I decided to not use this particular remote and the computer crashes stopped !
 This device does not work with digital cable . Had to return it and purchased a Belkin unit insted .
 This product burned itself and a 400GB Hd , just do n't buy it !
 Bought the 25 ft which worked fine , however the 14 foot cut in and out with signal and only after I replaced it was everything working as expected . Unfortunately , probably more trouble to actually return it .
 I purchased this item at CompUSA . What a mistake . It worked for a couple of weeks , then all of a sudden it stopped working . Support told me to reinstall it , but that did not work . Support was not very helpfull and had no other options to get the product working again . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Bought the battery , the shipping and delivery was fast , but the battery did not work with my Toshiba Satellite M35X-S149 laptop - could not be charged and the laptop power utility could not recognize it . Do n't know if it was particular battery defect or some general problem with vendor . -LRB- The battery type and shape matches the original one -RRB- . I 'm returning it .1 / 17/2008
 I found this device for about $ 325.00 , and needed it for a trip up north , it started out fine at first but when I got into Maryland area it was real bad.Nothing would come up current and I got lost several times.I tried to find ways to up date my device but I ca n't seem to get anywere yet.If any one can help with this matter please e-mail me at nightworld1313@yahoo.com . Cobra mafg . sure puts a hold on any help , and trying to find updates , try for your selfs , you 'll see what I 'm going through .
 This is one of the most disappointing electronic devices I 've ever bought . The unit works fine and for getting Grandma from one place to another it is a cute toy . I drive a tractor trailer and if any truckers are considering this unit , just do n't . For one thing , the unit will not allow you to select an exit number on a given interstate as a destination . The exits are in the database , it calls off the exits when you have to use one , just does n't let you find them . Truckstops are listed by interstate # and exit # -LRB- not street address -RRB- in the guidebooks . Also , very often industrial warehouse sites are not listed by street address and the unit ca n't find anything without a street number . I now have my old 2002 GarminV with it 's outdated maps and impossibly small memory capacity sitting next to the new Cobra so I can use that interface to find exits and plan destination time estimates before moving -LRB- the cobra will not display eta times until you get to a spot where your next turn is more than a mile away -RRB- . Very frustrating . I wonder if there are any parts sharp enough to damage my tire if I drive over it ?
 I bought this GPS for a trip from Maine to Florida . Although it took me on a good route through CT and gave me detailed info about upcoming turns , this thing took me through the middle of Washingon DC during morning rush hour . When I got to Florida , for some unknown reason this thing would n't tell me the next turn until I had passed the intersection . I 'm better off with Mapquest .
 I tried to use the COBRA and was disapointed . We tried to look for restaurants and the three places we tried were not in the system . When we tried to enter a restaurant we knew was at a certain location , the COBRA did not recognize the place we were looking for . Also , the unit told us to go to the `` highlighted street '' after entering a selected restaurant but did not direct us -LRB- as a gps should -RRB- to the street . One street we were directed to was not an actual street and had rocks across the road so we could not drive down the street and had to redirect ourselves another way .
 So , I 'm always up for trying new products . The saleswoman tried to talk me out of it , but I decided to give this thing a try anyway , choosing it over a TomTom or a Garmin . Big mistake . It 's nice looking , and it purports to have some newer features that other GPS systems at this price range do not have -LRB- like speed and red light cameras -RRB- . However , these features NEVER worked for me , and I happen to know that there are THREE red light cameras at the intersection nearest my home . Not once did this thing catch them.Another thing
 For the most part the GPS works just fine . It 's late on telling you to turn sometimes . This Cobra has no idea if there is road construction , or any warning of them and no re-route instructions.I purchased this model for the traffic light warning system , which is terrible , it does not deliver what is promised . I went to the company 's web site and down loaded an update , the only update they offer . It still worked so poorly , that I just wanted to take the whole thing back.If your going to buy a GPS for going places , do not buy this one . If you want to know where the speed and traffic cameras are ? You better just pay attention , this model warns you at about 30 % of those devices and often too late .
 When I first tried out this GPS , I was quite happy with it . It was very simple to use , easy to learn and really just plug and go . It got us halfway to Big Bear from LA , but then got us lost because the freeways had closed . I found it to be accurate in some places , and truly not in others . It froze up quite a few times , and would n't turn on SEVERAL times , only to turn on a minute later . The time it takes to start up is fine , only about a minute and you 're already `` navigating . '' However , sometimes it just lags and , again , freezes up . Had I written a review the first day I got it , I would have given it at least 4 stars for the ease of use . Now that I 've had it a week , I 'm returning it , and am going back to using mapquest . It 's just not worth 300 something dollars . Perhaps I 'll try another GPS system when we 're taking another trip , but for now , this one is definitely going back .
 I tried to update the maps , and COBRA is charging $ 129 ! I could buy a newer unit and get current maps and more features . COBRA just stonewalled , and said this model was discontinued several years ago , and they would only update the maps for the $ 129 . The maps that are on the model are more than several years old . If this is how they treat their consumers , I will never buy another Cobra product again !
 My Garmin 340C was stolen from my car and I took a chance on the Cobra . It works -LRB- sometimes -RRB- but software and graphics are far inferior to what I had gotten used to.On the plus side , some nice features like choice of a category and listing of all in that category in your area . The graphics , if you do n't use the 3D version , are fairly good . And it 's pretty sensitive in homing in on the satellites , even when you 're indoors.But , the shortcomings leave me disappointed . For openers , when I set it for `` home '' in my driveway , it puts me on a street 1000 ' away that does n't come into my area . So , if I set it with `` home '' as a destination , I wind up in someone else 's driveway.The Garmin allows you to plug in a destination and when you let it calculate a route , it gives you mileage and an ETA before you start . Not so with the Cobra . Once you start , it will show an ETA but if there 's a way to show the mileage to get there , I have n't found it . The Garmin `` speaks '' all roads you 're directed to use . The Cobra `` speaks '' only Interstates but has a visual display of the names of all . Another annoyance is that the `` zoom '' feature keeps resetting itself to a larger area of display . May be a software glitch but not fixable by any of their downloads to date . Garmin offers all sorts of language options
 gps cobra did not work high pitch sound and screen did n't come on they didnt check to be shere it worked before they shipped it . .
 This GPS will not calculate ANY routes . Price was good , I did not see any comments regarding the fact that this unit is defective .
 I worked for hours , followed all of Avermedia 's reccomendations to optimize my cpu . I have a new 3ghz Dell and I could never get the audio to match the video . In the captured video the person would speak , 3 second later I hear them .
 Not much to say really . Installation went ok , no real problems . But when I hooked up a VCR to the setup , all I got was ridiculously choppy images . The footage was only refreshing itself every minute or so ! I tried capturing the footage to check if perhaps the preview was poor , and that did n't work . I tried opening up the editing SW out of interest , and got an error message before it even opened . Restarting the computer did n't help . To add insult to injury , the technical support number is n't provided unless you log onto the internet and register the product ... why do n't they just give it to us ? What do they think I 'm going to do , prank call them with made up video capture problems ?! Packed it up and sent it back . I decided to spend a little more and purchased the Hauppauge WinTV-PVR-USB 2.0 -LRB- Model 941 -RRB- - hopefully I 'll have a little more luck.To be fair , the product seems to keep getting 1 or 5 stars . I guess that 's the difference between it working and not working ! For me , it simply did n't work - so just the one star.The specs of my computer are as follows :512 MB RAMAthlon AD 3100 + Windows XP SP2
 I have been extremely frustrated with this capture device . I received the DVD EZMaker USB2 .0 for Christmas and have not successfully used it to copy an analog home video to DVD without the video quality degrading anytime the camera was moved . Seems to do OK for VCDs , but I bought it to do DVDs ! Also , realize that it will not capture analog video in * . AVI format - only MPEG-1 and MPEG-2 formats or direct to DVD & VCD . I tried to use the MovieMaker software included to convert to * AVI , but it was extremely poor quality . I also tried to import the MPEG-2 files into Pinnacle Studio 8 , but could not successfully edit them with that package either .
 Could n't wait to get this after reading all the reviews , except of course the one . I thought ... `` gee , must not be too hard to work '' ... alas the one negative review here was my nightmare ! It just would n't work . I uninstalled , reinstalled , restarted , thought I had it at one point ... then could n't find the software anywhere . It never did locate the software ! I think I 'll try Pinnacle where there were no good reviews ! That 's what my friend has and it works well . First time reviews have let me down ... except of course the one !
 First , the quality of the image is horrible . It does support the S-Video , but the quality of output is even worse than the 8mm , not even close to Hi8 . I do n't think my computer limits the performance . I am using P4 2.8 G , with 512 MB ram.Second , the software provided has very limited function . It does n't even has the split and combine function . Record audio track is impossible . With only a few effects to add on.Finally , the price is ok . DO N'T EXPECT MUCH .
 I do n't recommend purchasing this device unless you are either lucky or patient . My main problem with it is simply that it does n't work ; no amount of installation or reinstallation of the drivers -LRB- either as supplied or downloaded from the web site -RRB- allows my computer to detect the device , and therefore the supplied video capture software does n't work either . As a final insult the initial splash screen is positively nauseating .
 Bought the 25 ft which worked fine , however the 14 foot cut in and out with signal and only after I replaced it was everything working as expected . Unfortunately , probably more trouble to actually return it .
 I am an experienced IT guy , but this camera has me tearing my hair out ! First , a major warning
 First , I 'm a computer guy . They pay me to do this kind of thing . Except I write software , I do n't configure LANs . So I needed to call tech support because the camera was on a different subnet by default and their documentation , though long , was very lacking in advanced configuration . I had to call in three times to get the IP conflict resolved . The first two people did n't have a clue how to use the camera . The third guy knew it all and finished the job . Two of the three were Indian sounding and I had trouble communicating , but got the job done.Then , the scheduler would n't work . I would set the schedule for 1 o'clock , and 1 o'clock would come and go without recording . I called tech support again and talked to 3 more people . Without admitting that the old software was buggy , they insisted that I upgrade by downloading the new stuff . The new updated software did n't work at all.Now I have spent 18 full-time hours on this , 3 days and nights , I 've talked to 12 different tech support people and here is where I am.The camera is now an artificial reef because they had me flash it with the latest firmware which totally killed it . The application on my Windows XP PC is their newest beta version because all of their old software is buggy . And that version is buggy too . They say it 's ready to be released.So basically nothing works . Nothing . And nobody at D-LINK appears to give a crapola . Not one manager I 've talked to has given me a call-back to see if this is resolved to my satisfaction . In fact , they go out of their way to explain to me that they do n't have direct phone numbers that I can get back to them with . Each time I have to call in and start over from scratch.Additionally I have a feeling they do n't have a Q/A -LRB- quality assurance -RRB- group that tests their software before releasing it , but I 'm not sure . It sure seems that way.I 'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 because the camera itself was somewhat impressive at first when that worked . It has its own address that can be seen from anywhere on the internet . Pretty cool . The application on the PC side is where most of their problems are.V .
 I purchased this camera based on the salesman recommendation . He said that I can easily use this camera and view the images from a different computer.To start things off : I inserted the CD Rom into the drive and it did n't recognize my camera . I 've even download the newest installaton program from D-Link 's web site and my camera was still not recognized.Finally , after connecing the ethernet cable to the camera , it recognized the camera.There is a lot of technical configuring that you have to do with your router . Ironically , I had the same DLink Router that was pictured on the box and in the instructions . -LRB- The full instructions can be downloaded as a PDF file off the DLink web site.After about 2 hours of trying to run the installation program , I was able to get an image on my screen , but still never able to use the camera wirelessly . The picture quality was horrible . It looked like a black and white camera.I tried calling DLink tech support , and I was on hold for over a half hour when I just decided to hang up.I asked my friend to attempt to ping the IP address that you have to get from your router and she was not able to view my image.To summerize :1 -RRB- Older installation software/drivers included2 -RRB- Full manual must be downloaded from DLINK3 -RRB- Poor picture quality4 -RRB- No tech support5 -RRB- Unable to view the image remotely.Save your money and if you really need a surveillance system , pay a professional !
 I bought this camera to test it as a security camera for a store I own . The camera sounds good if you look at all the features it has but when I hooked it up I found the software to be pretty bad . I 'm a software engineer so maybe I expect too much but when you open the software and it takes up the full screen without a minimize button , i consider that pretty bad . Not to mention the software is not very intuitive at all and pretty difficult to work with.I also found that the picture quality was pretty poor as well . I have not worked with too many cameras but I have seen low price webcams with better pictures quality than this . And when you factor in the price , then it really is not worth it .
 Even after an upgrade to the newest firmware , the wireless connection was buggy . The included `` IP configuration '' tool never found the camera even after it had obtained an IP address from my router . I had to use the DHCP table from my router to find the camera 's IP address . I eventually got it connected to my wireless network -LRB- 40b WEP , DHCP -RRB- , but after about 10min it killed all of my wireless connections . Worked ok when connected to wired ethernet network -LRB- except that the config util could n't find the camera -RRB- . Returning it ASAP .
 Dont bother with this cam . DLink no longer provides support , and it took 15 hours to setup -LRB- and I know computers well ! -RRB- . Impossible to set up if your not computer proficient . Wireless sucks , hard to set up and range is poor . It is fairly cost efficient if you have the time to mess with it and the images are good . Need to purchase software to get the streaming video to a website .
 I would give this product a three star rating . The DCS 2100 + started out worse than a plague of locusts . To be fair , I am reporting the final result . A Senior Level Technician at DLink figured out the problem and with download of the latest update to the application software -LRB- IP Surveillance -RRB- the DCS 2100 + works as does the IP Surveillance software -LRB- It now allows minimalization of the screen . I still have n't conquered the surveillance mode completely and email alerts still do n't work , nor have I figured out how to add my Linksys camera to the sureveillance software , but I am optimistic.Overall , this product has great promise . However , installation is not for the faint hearted . It may be the nature of the infancy of home networking or just the birth pangs of a relatively new product . I will add a few more DLink cameras to the mix when I am more comfortable with the remote monitoring functions .
 That can compare in this cam in terms of spec . I did n't have a chance to open the second box yet , but whatever the reason , the build in web browser freezes every 15m or so when it is in WiFi mode . I 'm on phone with their technical support right now . No one there is really familiar with the product !!!! And they sound like teenagers !!! I ca n't believe it ! I will try the second unit tonite . Looks like I 'm going to be returned ... 5 people on Level I never heard of this product . This is crazy . Going in for level II now ... 45m and counting ... . If anyone out there that know of a good forum or know I 'm talking about , please email me at ometofu@yahoo.com . Thanks
 Bought this for use as a baby monitor ; as it turns out , when we close the curtains and turn off the lights for her daytime nap , it gets so dark that the camera is useless . We did n't think it wsa that dark , but color cameras need a decent amount of light to work with , and much more than you 'd think . Obviously that would keep her awake , hence defeating the concept of baby monitor while she 's sleeping.I returned it and am now looking for a decent B&W one .
 This product fools your car stereo to think it has a CD changer installed and then it uses its CD audio inputs to feed in your other audio sources , like an ipod , for example . It works , good sound . However , some car stereos -LRB- most new models -RRB- are NOT fooled , and you get an error message on screen , which you have to clear -LRB- typically by taping a button on the car stereo -RRB- every time you switch it on .
 I bought this product for my son 's computer . It lasted a total of 44 days and died . I contacted Amazon and they said I was out of luck because it was over 30 days old -LRB- nice support -RRB- . They said to contact Westronics but they do n't have a link or any way to contact them . So at this point I have a piece of junk 44 day 's old and no way to send it back . Maybe Amazon 's not the way to shop . Not to mention the people they work with are not to reputable .
 I purchased this for my Sony Vio . It worked but only for about a 1.5 months . The electrical end that plugs into the outlet cracked near the supply but it still worked . Then the unit stopped working totally . I checked the voltage from the cord to the outlet and there was 120V , so the power supply itself has failed after not a lot of time . Hopefully they will replace it . I 'll keep you posted.UPDATE
 This product is CHEAP.bought the first one and it broke after a month . I thought it might have been my fault for leaving it on overnight . But the second one i bought only lasted 2 weeks !!!! So , buyers beware , if you are thinking about buying a long lasting replacement of your AC adaptor , DO N'T BUY THIS ONE !
 I ordered a charger for my Vaio and worked for 2 days . After that the thing does not even light up . Terrible quality . Please do not buy this kind of charger spend a little more money and get the original . The return cost will be more than the price I paid for this product .
 the cord from that goes from the the wall to the black box failed after two weeks . at least it only costs $ 5 on amazon for a replacement for that !
 When i this arrived i plugged it in and the light on the charger turned on , but when i plugged it into my laptop nothing happened i left it plugged in for an hour and nothing happened . i returned it and got my money back .
 Really heavy . The wires are such that the adaptor remains near the computer . Actually the adaptor should remain close the electrical outlet . To enable that , the wires should be swapped - meaning , the wire from the outlet to the adaptor should be shorter and the wire from the adaptor to the computer should be longer .
 I had the adapter for two days and the cable cover pulled away from the ends . I have had to buy another one already .
 I am seriously under the impression that the only positive reviews on this item were from people that manufacture the cord . This thing is horrible . I know , you 're telling yourself , `` But it 's only $ 15 '' . EXACTLY ! You get what you pay for and my $ 15 was well wasted on this product . I thought I could at least keep it for a month until I had the money to buy an official Sony charger , but it did n't even allow me that gratification . Within 2 weeks it 's completely unusable , and after the first 2 days I had to play with it for a few minutes to get it to charge properly . It 's cheap quality and looks nothing like the picture that is shown for it . Too bad official Sony chargers are $ 130 , but those would be worth more than this one . Time to save $ 50 so I can at least get the official one from Amazon , even though I 'm sure it 's used.Bottom Line
 This charger was fine for about two weeks . Despite the very short cord , it did work . Then it stopped charging suddenly and has n't worked since . A very cheap product that is not even worth the low price that you pay .
 none of the parts fit together ! the plug that goes on the wall doesnt fit on the charger and the part that plugs into the computer fell apart ...
 The first one I bought just several weeks ago caught on FIRE and melted down in 1/2 almost catching my carpet on fire with it . Electrical order that filled the house was horrible and had to throw it out the back door.I ordered another mistakenly thinking it was the picture displayed and not realizing it was the same company for 3 times the price of the first one . It is a generic charger that says replacable and is nothing they advertised from pic to description . I 'm really upset !!! in attempts to contact them now and have n't got a response yet . Gon na have to wait until MOnday to call directly . I 've never had an issue on Amazon with any purchases and I buy frequently on other products . This was a complete LIE!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000QC7OZG/ref=ox_ya_os_product
 This thing is not what they advertised -- it looks completely different from the picture . It does n't fit right in the laptop and only works if you jiggle it around some and have it in a certain position . DO NOT BUY FROM THESE GUYS ! It may cost less but it wo n't work well for your laptop . I even e-mailed to see if I could return it and they never responded .
 If this is not an actual SONY product then you can not have SONY in your listing.Sorry.I 'm reporting you !
 I have bought this charger twice in about a years time . The first time the cord frayed and then shorted out . Since the product was a good deal price wise I bought again thinking that maybe I just got a bad product first time around . Second time I bought this the cord again frayed and then the box exploded sending a shower of sparks everywhere . Some of which hit and burnt my sister and burned a hole into my sofa . Do not buy this cheap knockoff . Only buy a Sony product from a certified dealer . This is not a sony charger . Again the price is awesome but it 's not worth the risk . VERY BIG SAFETY HAZARD !!!
 the picture and description said sony ac adaptor - They sent a used replacement adaptor - invoice has No phone number or contact info - VERY UPSET
 I bought this November 2 , 2010 . It died tonight -LRB- January 19 , 2011 -RRB- . Less than 90 days ... garbage ! It did n't even fit properly into the laptop when it DID work !
 SUCKS . REally sucks . Fourth Sony Vaio Charger to have crapped out on me ... but the people at Sony do n't care . I hope this message finds you before you buy a Sony Vaio or a charger , although I do n't know what to do now that my computer wo n't work after two Amazon purchases .
 Do not quite understand why , because the write-up states that the battery is appropriate for an AT&T 2419 phone , but neither of the the 2 batteries I purchased work in my phone .
 I reviewed this product with an ecstatic 5 stars several months ago . It worked great in several swimming pools , on a trip to Hawaii , and through half of our time in Belize . Unfortunately , halfway through a snorkeling trip , I noticed what looked like water in the bag . Before I could get back to the boat , my $ 300 canon was dead . Before you ask , yes I properly sealed it . My advice is to get the real case , or buy a cheap waterproof model . The only reason not to have one is that they do n't do video .
 The weight change is nice but as you hold the mouse and put pressure on the top , the weight releases up into your hand . The physical size of the mouse is too small , it does not feel comfortable . The cable is very stiff and lies in loops across the desk . After several ejections of the weight , many small pieces of plastic were broken off and were discarded . I expect that to be called a gamer 's mouse all these deficiencies need to be corrected . Very annoying - I returned what was left of the mouse and received my money back and all this trouble was in two weeks time , save your money and get a logitech mouse .
 This mouse has some very good things going for it . After you get used to where you put your hand it 's very natural feeling . The weighting choices makes it so all people can get approx . their favorite weight . The button to change sensitivity is made for first person shooter gaming . Going from sniper rifle to assault rifle sensitivity preferences is a snap . That being said , Mine started to double click after a few days . It 's gotten progressively worse and now I 'm back to using my old mouse . Avoid this mouse at all costs . Unless you do n't like to have to click the button 2 times to double click . In that case this is the mouse for you .
 I did n't find the shape of this mouse particularly ergonomic . maybe it would be better for gaming , but i doubt the angular shape had any intent other than to look cool . right out of the box , there was a little rattle inside and i unscrewed things to find a little plastic nubbin broken off . the main problem is that after a few weeks , it developed a problem where it will double click on a single-click -- not every time but frequently enough to be really annoying .
 I 'm sure most people get excited when they buy a new product , and thus review that the product is great right away . Well , I have been using this mouse daily for about a month now and I am NOT impressed.I bought this mouse mainly because it was on sale after rebate for a very cheap price -- and I can see why it was so cheap
 I got this at a very low price because creative is trying to clear the channel . It still was n't worth it.The design is okay , but the build quality is awful . The plastic piece that holds the weight in broke off and so I had to glue one of the weights in permanently . My left mouse button also has the intermittent click pressure problem which makes the mouse useless.If you pay for this thing you are insane .
 I bought this mouse right after getting a new laptop and Call of Duty 4 . At first I was really impressed with the weights and the button to change the sensitivity . Unfortunately the honeymoon period did n't last long.After a few weeks inserting and removing the USB mouse cord would cause my computer to give me a blue screen and shut down -LRB- this has n't happened with any other mice/mouses ? on this computer -RRB- . I learned to tolerate this ... somehow , but after about 5 months the left mouse button decided it had a mind of its own . It was the same problem everyone else has had . Mouse double clicking or not clicking at all.Its a great mouse for gaming and other computing uses . Only drawback is that it will die out on you quickly . And if you 're lucky like me it will cause your computer to crash on a daily basis .
 The design is not far from the infamous Apple 's hockey puck mouse . It 's pretty much a round mouse . This mouse will give you super carpal tunnel.Other bad things -1 . The button for the thumb is tiny and far far below where the thumb naturally rests . Pressing the thumb button is a huge huge effort in a very unnatural and unergonomic position .2 . The button that should on the right side of the mouse equivalent to the thumb button for the right has been placed on top of the mouse after the right button . This makes the mouse round and uncomfortable , interferes with right clicking and makes that button completely useless.Maybe this will become more useful as I become more used to it but my hand is killing me right now from using it for about a week .
 Man I 'm very disapoit about this mouse , I 'm a gamer and after 1 mounth of using the left button star to fail and as you know on a game or web brouse this become a disaster , creative should make a better product like their sound cards.I gon na by a Logitech , they had a better experince on mouse area
 I bought this mouse for gaming a couple months ago and have really enjoyed it 's features , particularly the on-the-fly resolution adjustment . I do n't think the third button has a real use , however . The real problem lies in the fact that the left mouse button has become nearly useless . Every other click now either goes unregistered or double-clicks . This is apparently a very common issue , as I have discovered a lot of online forums concerned with this issue . I 've gone back to my Dell optical , and will probably never buy a Creative mouse again .
 Unlike thier sound cards , creative labs rests onl thier lawrals -LRB- you can tell by the snotty customer service with faked forein accents when ordering replacement items -RRB- on most other equipment , which is not more than peddled trash outside a `` flee market '' at best , this includes speakers , speaker stands and these `` gameing '' devices . Like Microsoft 's hardware what you get is an enormously expensive peice of trash that lasts six months at best . How can ANYONE except paying this much for ANYTHING and only expect it to last SIX MONTHS ! Customers should raise thier standards instead of thinking about `` patronage '' . The name printed on this is a gimmick , this guy does not indorse this pile -LRB- or does so absently and uncaring of how good it is in a game -RRB- . If you want good input devices I suggest Saitek all the way for everything . -LRB- except maybe the throttle crap -RRB- . Thier software sux but thier devices are solid as a rock and quite beautiful to boot !
 I have had this mouse for exactly 5 weeks . On the 35th day -LRB- 5 days earlier I could have gotten a refund -RRB- this mouse broke.Reading other people 's review of this mouse , I can see that I am not the only one.DO NOT BUY THIS MOUSE .
 I loved this mouse for a good 6 months - then the left clicker began to fail . After a month of slowly failing , it died all together . As others have said before me - this mouse is great for a while but not a smart purchase .
 what can you say about a $ 40 + mouse when its primary function fails.left clicks started registering as double clicks -LRB- annoying in windows -RRB- now they fail to register 80 % of the time , so guns will shoot then stop then shoot . -LRB- really annoying -RRB-
 This mouse is terrible . I bought this mouse a little over a year ago . And after about 3 months of usage it simple quit responding to most anything you tried to do . I would literally have to click something close to a dozen times before it would actually `` Double-Click '' . Not to mention the feel of the mouse is just too bulky in my opinion . I fell into the hype of the `` Fatal1ty '' product line , which many gamers did . And what many gamers will tell you is `` Do n't ever buy anything with the Fatal1ty trademark on it , it will die . '' For instance , look at reviews for the Creative X-Fi Fatal1ty . Another product with massive hype and marketing towards gaming enthusiasts . However , the product itself has had more problems than it has successes .
 I bought two of these mice for about $ 10 -LRB- together -RRB- , 2 months ago . It was great for a while but about a week ago started mistaking my single clicks as double clicks . By now , BOTH of them are COMPLETE DISASTERS . They both mistake double clicks for single clicks , and I CAN NOT GAME AT ALL ! By now , it 's a disaster . `` The man himself at QuakeCon . Jonathan `` Fatal1ty '' Wendel is the brains behind the Creative Fatal1ty 1010 . '' Next time -LRB- very soon -RRB- , I 'm going to buy a mouse designed by an engineer , not a gamer . Learned my lesson : - -LRB-
 i bought 2 of these within 6 months . the one for christmas , broke after 3 months , they would NOT replace becuase i did n't not have receipt . I BOUGHT A SECOND ON EARLY APRIL , and it stopped working last week -LRB- 1 month -RRB- . I have the receipt this time , and they might give me a new one , but it will stop working in a few months guaranteed . FRAUD < there needs to be a recall .
 Worked great for a while -LRB- couple months -RRB- , but then the left button stopped responding to each click . That happening to a game mouse really hinders your survivability . It takes an average of 3 clicks before the mouse responds in-game , no matter how the settings are .
 I bought the mouse less than 4 months ago and the left mouse button is already broken . When I click the mouse once , it automatically left clicks twice . A $ 40 mouse should last longer than 4 months . I am very disappointed with the product .
 Insensitive in motion so that difficult to point a right place on the monitor , especially in slow motion.Click error happens so just a click frequently opens a file.Do you really want to pay that amount?I gaurantee that any cheap mouse under 10 bucks would be much better .
 I have been using this mouse for over 2 months . The mouse worked perfectly well for the first month , after that I started having the double click problem that other people mentioned in their reviews already . It 's not a small thing that you can ignore , its very annoying and time consuming . The dpi sensitivity LED is a nice feature , but that 's the only good thing about this mouse . I am switching back to the old MS mouse . So far my experiences with MS and Logitech mouse have been great . I am surprised no one has sued creative labs for selling this defective product in mass quantity , I believe if the other customers who gave a glowing review to the mouse were asked to update their old reviews at least half of them will be changing their mind about this . If you have already bought this mouse I suggest to return it or give it to your ex as a parting gift .
 ok i bought this at one of the biggest electronics chains . right click button died in less than 2 months , exchanged for another one and this one lasted 3 months and this time is left click button and i returned it for store credit.pros : it 's a good mice if it does n't breakcons : it breaks
 I have been purchasing quality products from creative for over 15 years and have always been quite pleased with my purchases . This fatality mouse would be the exception . The drivers and hardware are a far cry from the quality products I am used to seeing from a world class organization.The top 3 button concept is awesome , one of the reasons I have held on to my very old mechanical mouse , and I thought this `` gamer quality mouse '' would be a wonderful replacement.I have been quit disappointed . Searching the web , I can see I 'm not alone.We gamers pay top dollar , for top quality products , I hope Creative can get back to its core competencies of high quality and integrity .
 I have a Logitech G5 and just received the 1010 . Here are my first impressions : It slides nice and I like the larger mouse feel . I think the 3rd finger button would come in handy once I got used to it.It feels cheap . The weight rattles as the mouse moves and the button clicks are LOUD.I prefer the speed adjustment of the G5 rather than the 1010 . The 1010 's is just one button that you use to rotate through the speeds rather than , as on the G5 , up/down buttons.The thumb button is oddly placed and kind of hard to push.I really do like the feel of it in my hand , and it slides really smooth . It beats the G5 in this area . Also , I have an ICEMAT mouse pad , the the laser G5 will not work on it .
 Though I have just been using this off & on for 3 days now , I am already un-impressed . I bought a tower fan because the regular floor fans are just so bulbous and get in the way so I do like the slimness of a tower fan better . I have used this for maybe a total of 10 hrs since I purchased it days ago and last night when I turned it on it was making this sound like one of the plastic blades had something on it or like something was loose inside . Though there are screws at the top the top or side to access the blades/inside do not come apart so there 's no way to see what 's going on . We never ended up being able to figure it out and now on and off the fan when on makes this mild rickety sound that 's really annoying to try & sleep to and the whole purpose for the fan was to cool the room off while we sleep . I assume this as w / the last fan will die in 6 months or less . Are n't there any non-obtrusively sized fans out there that cost under $ 50 that are n't pieces of crap ??????? &#60; br / &#62;
 OMG ! This is the crappiest fan I have ever had ! So I bought mine at Fry 's and after about 8 hrs of use it started to make this rickety rackety sound that was so annoying and loud I could n't keep it on while my hubby & I were sleeping -LRB- which was the whole point of us buying it because we get so warm at night -RRB- . Soleus makes the fan so it can not be taken apart enough to look inside so all we could do was shine a flashlight inside where it sounded like the noise was coming from and did n't see a darned thing . I had recycled the box the previous day of course so I could not return it to Fry 's due to their packaging policy so I contacted Soleus . They were helpful and set it up so FedEx would come by and pick up the fan -LRB- I had to come up w / my own packing for it which was n't each due to the fans shape/size -RRB- but I managed and then a week & a half later -LRB- yesterday -RRB- I get a new one sent from Soleus . I knew that they did n't seriously look at the fan I sent back to see what was wrong with it nor test the new one they sent me , but I kept my hopes up and tested the fan out . Worked great for all of 8 min ! Then that same rickety sound came back ! Unbelievable piece of crap ! The funny thing is that they actually market this as a quiet fan ! I have had numerous fans in my life , none of which claim to be quiet and all of them were oh so much quieter then this one . Soleus products suck A ** and I would ever ever buy from them again . Luckily since they sent me a brand new one and I have the box I can now return this to Fry 's and get my darned $ $ back !
 OMG ! This is the crappiest fan I have ever had ! So I bought mine at Fry 's and after about 8 hrs of use it started to make this rickety rackety sound that was so annoying and loud I could n't keep it on while my hubby & I were sleeping -LRB- which was the whole point of us buying it because we get so warm at night -RRB- . Soleus makes the fan so it can not be taken apart enough to look inside so all we could do was shine a flashlight inside where it sounded like the noise was coming from and did n't see a darned thing . I had recycled the box the previous day of course so I could not return it to Fry 's due to their packaging policy so I contacted Soleus . They were helpful and set it up so FedEx would come by and pick up the fan -LRB- I had to come up w / my own packing for it which was n't each due to the fans shape/size -RRB- but I managed and then a week & a half later -LRB- yesterday -RRB- I get a new one sent from Soleus . I knew that they did n't seriously look at the fan I sent back to see what was wrong with it nor test the new one they sent me , but I kept my hopes up and tested the fan out . Worked great for all of 8 min ! Then that same rickety sound came back ! Unbelievable piece of crap ! The funny thing is that they actually market this as a quiet fan ! I have had numerous fans in my life , none of which claim to be quiet and all of them were oh so much quieter then this one . Soleus products suck A ** and I would ever ever buy from them again . Luckily since they sent me a brand new one and I have the box I can now return this to Fry 's and get my darned $ $ back !
 OMG ! This is the crappiest fan I have ever had ! So I bought mine at Fry 's and after about 8 hrs of use it started to make this rickety rackety sound that was so annoying and loud I could n't keep it on while my hubby & I were sleeping -LRB- which was the whole point of us buying it because we get so warm at night -RRB- . Soleus makes the fan so it can not be taken apart enough to look inside so all we could do was shine a flashlight inside where it sounded like the noise was coming from and did n't see a darned thing . I had recycled the box the previous day of course so I could not return it to Fry 's due to their packaging policy so I contacted Soleus . They were helpful and set it up so FedEx would come by and pick up the fan -LRB- I had to come up w / my own packing for it which was n't each due to the fans shape/size -RRB- but I managed and then a week & a half later -LRB- yesterday -RRB- I get a new one sent from Soleus . I knew that they did n't seriously look at the fan I sent back to see what was wrong with it nor test the new one they sent me , but I kept my hopes up and tested the fan out . Worked great for all of 8 min ! Then that same rickety sound came back ! Unbelievable piece of crap ! The funny thing is that they actually market this as a quiet fan ! I have had numerous fans in my life , none of which claim to be quiet and all of them were oh so much quieter then this one . Soleus products suck A ** and I would ever ever buy from them again . Luckily since they sent me a brand new one and I have the box I can now return this to Fry 's and get my darned $ $ back !
 I bought this device so I can switch between my desktop and my laptop computer . When I hooked it up I found the hot keys would not work and there is no software or manual way to switch . If I powered down both computers the unit would recognize the first one to come up but there was no way to get it to switch to the other computer . I called Cables To Go technical support and was told it would not work with my Bluetooth desktop.Also you should know that the USB ports are 1.1 not 2.0 . This is probably OK for a mouse and/or keyboard but if you intend on hooking up any other USB devices to it you do not want this unit .
 I searched extensively to find a surge protector with 3 coaxial connections since we have a Direct TV HD DVR with 2 inputs , -LRB- to be able to record 2 channels at the same time , -RRB- as well as limited basic Comcast cable since we have 5 televisions and only 2 satellite boxes . This Tripp Lite looked like the answer ... reasonably priced , nice setup , and even extra cables included , -LRB- although I had already ordered high end digital coaxial cables . -RRB- We have a new Samsung 46 '' HD LCD -LRB- LN46A6500 -RRB- with a spectacular picture , a new Onkyo receiver -LRB- TXSR606B -RRB- and Harmon Kardon surround sound speakers which have totally changed our listening and viewing experience , and a new Panasonic DVD/VCR recorder , also wonderful . Our research confirmed that all of the inputs into this pricey setup needed protecting , although not the overly-exagerrated and costly protection -LRB- Monster -RRB- that the big box Best Buys and others would have you believe were necessary.Unfortunately , we did n't have the same good outcome of the other reviewers with this Tripp Lite HT1010SAT3 . The satellite picture was considerably degraded ... the clear sharp edges were noticeably blurred and the channel changing was just as slow , -LRB- which I think is a result of the constant adjustment the tv and dvr tuners have to make because every program is filmed and broadcast in different formats ranging from digital 480i , 720p , 1080i , to 1080p . We 've seen the same frustrating delays with several other HD TV setups with both satellite and cable . Could it be that all of these new sets are `` upconverting '' the signals making channel changing so much slower ? -RRB- Our cable signal was so badly degraded through this Tripp Lite that the tv could n't read the signal and said it was too low to read . I compared this with two other surge protectors with coaxial connections that I already had . The Philips surge protector I had connected to our other HD set , -LRB- Sharp LC32D64U , another spectacular picture ! -RRB- , worked fine , but it only has 2 coax conn. . We also tried a Cyberpower 1090 which also only has 2 coax conn , and it worked fine as well.The good news is that I bought this from Amazon , -LRB- it arrived in 3 days , -RRB- and returns are easy and with free return shipping . I ordered another 3 coaxial surge protector , -LRB- also through Amazon , of course , -RRB- this time a Panamax M8-HT . I 'll review that after setting it up . And thanks , Amazon , for this review forum . It gives us valuable input in making our decisions .
 Buy some other product . The suppressor did not protect any of my equipment after a lighting hit a tree in my back yard and sent a surge thur the satlite dish into the house .
 This SD card works fine , but the USB connection is loose and spotty ; so much so that it DOES N'T WORK more often than it does in computers without SD readers.This is my second card of this type with the same problem . It 's a great idea that failed in execution .
 I was very enthusiastic about this purchase . The design is amazing and it was the perfect product of my needs ... on paper . But , after using it several times in SD card mode without a hitch , I switched it to USB Stick mode and it just flat out rebooted the computer . My guess is that it created a surge in the USB 2.0 port on my Lenovo T60p which are not known to fail . I tried again , same result this time with XP not being able to recognize the card . When it was removed from the USB port , the computer restarted again . Now no device I have can recognize it . This could be a fluke based on all the other reviews -LRB- why I bought the card -RRB- but not mine .
 I just received these today . They worked right out of the box . Windows XP recognized them without any problems . They work . The sound is clear , but very shallow and weak . These speakers have absolutely no depth . They 're almost as bad as my sub-par laptop speakers . I give them two stars because they actually DO work and the speakers are attractive looking . They 'd work all right for travel , but for full-time every day speakers ... I want something that actually has some depth.The nice thing is that they come with a speaker jack usb adapter that I can plug my OLD speakers into and use in my usb port , which solves the problem that lead me to wanting to replace my old ones in the first place . My old $ 20 creative labs speakers sound like gold compared to the samsung pleomax ones I just bought.Since I paid less for my old ones and after two years , they still sound better than these , I ca n't even say that these are good for being cheapie speakers . They 're crappy .
 The only reason I give these speakers one star is because there 's no ` zero ' option . The sound is actually worse than the integral speakers on my laptop - 75 % top , 25 % middle and no discernible bass end . The USB dongle is badly engineered - it was loose in the USB slot , and the mini jack was loose in the dongle . On a friends say-so , I 've now tried the Logitech X-140 , and I can recommend these speakers without hesitation .
 A few things they dont tell you1 -RRB- the speakers have a standard mini audio connector with a 5mm - > USB adapter which is about an inch and a bit in length . This is disappointing because i wanted to plug the speakers into my keyboard or monitor which have USB outlets and this is too large and unsightly for that .2 -RRB- The cable is a nasty tangly sticky clear wire style very thin wire , im sure youve seen this kind before it is contributes to a wire rats nest very easily .3 -RRB- Sound quality is poor , overpoweringly strong sound in the high ranges with weak mid-range obviously almost no bass -LRB- considering the price and size you would have to expect the bass problem -RRB- . The simulated 7.1 is a gimmick.If you intend to listen to any music at all , dont buy it .
 As a computer teacher with a variety of systems to test these speakers , you 'd think I could get them to work ... . Think again . The systems I tried do n't recognize the USB device . Used the disk , tried alternate , and creative ways to install the drivers , downloaded drivers on the PLEOMAX website , tried XP and VISTA ... no luck.Also bought the Logitech S150 USB Speaker Oem which worked right out of the box ! And for half the price !
 Got mine -LRB- 512MB , blue version of this -RRB- from Sonystyle.com just yesterday . After playing with it for a few hrs here are my impressions.First and foremost the mp3 playback quality is atrocious . 128kbps files sound like 64kbps or lower . Even my no-brand-name cheap mp3/cd player has better mp3 quality.I suspect the codec/DSP in the Sony are still designed for their propreitary ATRAC3 plus format with a secondary mp3 support . In fact converting a mp3 file to Atrac3plus -LRB- with included software -RRB- sounded better than just mp3 file . Inspite of this hassle , it was still below mp3 quality from other players.The battery life seems to be in line with the specs listed by Sony . No complaints on that front . The backlight LCD display is a nice bonus too . The size/volume is significantly more than the iPod Shuffle.The user interface is more loaded than such a small palyer can withstand . As a result it more cumbersome and confusing than Apple/iRiver players.In short this awkwardly named `` mp3 '' music player is a step in right direction for Sony but is still below average . Price is right but not the quality .
 Got mine from Sonystyle.com just yesterday . After playing with it for a few hrs here are my impressions.First and foremost the mp3 playback quality is atrocious . 128kbps files sound like 64kbps or lower . Even my no-brand-name cheap mp3/cd player has better mp3 quality.I suspect the codec/DSP in the Sony are still designed for their propreitary ATRAC3 plus format with a secondary mp3 support . In fact converting a mp3 file to Atrac3plus -LRB- with included software -RRB- sounded better than just mp3 file . Inspite of this hassle , it was still below mp3 quality from other players.The battery life seems to be in line with the specs listed by Sony . No complaints on that front . The backlight LCD display is a nice bonus too . The size/volume is significantly more than the iPod Shuffle.The user interface is more loaded than such a small palyer can withstand . As a result it more cumbersome and confusing than Apple/iRiver players.In short this awkwardly named `` mp3 '' music player is a step in right direction for Sony but is still below average . Price is right but not the quality .
 Listen to Gadgetphile 's review - I got this player today as a birthday gift , and I get the CAN NOT PLAY message for every MP3 that I own -LRB- yes , OWN ; I 've never downloaded an illegal MP3 -RRB- . Evidently , the people who love this player use Sony 's music service and ATRAC format . Thank goodness the giver kept the receipt ; this player is going back to the store tomorrow . As usual , Sony is so obsessed with proprietary formats that they 've ruined their chances in another lucrative market . This is the Betamax of MP3 players .
 All of my past MP3 players had a nice , easy , drag-and-drop interface for loading files , but this one insists upon using the Sonic Stage program to load files . Since Sonic Stage crashes my computer every time I try to run it -LRB- there 's a conflict with some other software I currently have loaded , and I gave up trying to find out which software it was -RRB- I 'm stuck having to load Sonic Stage on my work computer . This means every time I want to change music I have to burn my music to a disk and drag the dang thing to work , load the music onto my hard-drive , re-start my computer , THEN add music to the MP3 player.Mostly it just sits in a drawer at home because putting music on it is just too much hassle . I think I 've actually used it about five times since I `` treated '' myself to it for Christmas . Great value for my money , huh ?
 Once again , Sony has designed a great product with incredible functionality only to severely cripple it with over the top digital rights management . I bought this unit to transfer legally purchased mp3 files -LRB- that do play on my iPod -RRB- only to find out that they `` can not play '' . Sony tech support indicates that the hardware will not allow mp3 's to play if the drm can not be ascertained - I sent them one of the files and they could n't figure out why it would n't work either . It does do some things exceptionally well , such as play music , has fairly simple controls , great battery life and takes disposable batteries as well as a rudimentary but functional display that lights up to make it easier to see at night . It also holds a lot of songs as Sony indicates in their literature . Unfortunately , it does require that you use the Sony supplied software to transfer songs into it - and the Sonic Stage software is nowhere as user friendly as the Apple iTunes software .
 I have a been using digital music since the begining , so I know how to use this . I can confirm what others have reported , the Network Walkman does not play MP3s . It requires a recoding -LRB- slow -RRB- into a proprietary format , although the SonicStage -LRB- Sony Connnect -RRB- software update is described as allowing direct transfer of MP3 files . Without software , no files on the USB device can be recognized as audio of any kind . Recoding is painfully slow and cumbersome , the interface does not display file titles correctly , and there is a continued SONY obssesion with Digital Rights Managment.I listen to live music as mp3s , no DRM tags , no SONY flash player . Period . I had two sets of file of interest , apparently identical , one was transfered by USB to the player , the other gave a ` digital rights ' error . Forget this thing and look at the iAudio flash players , which are generic USB drives -LRB- no software to slow you down and manange your rights to listen to music as you choose . -RRB- Taking mine back today .
 Until Sony ditches their proprietary ATRAC format stay away ... stay VERY far away !
 I 'm glad I do n't write reviews right away after receiving a gift , because I would have mistakingly given this product a good one . I thought the sound was pretty good , and was impressed with the amount of songs it held , and the battery life.I received the Sony Psyc MP3 Player -LRB- in blue -RRB- for Christmas . That evening I set up the software , used my 5 free downloads , and put a couple of my own CD 's on it also . Everything went smoothly , and I used it a few times , thinking this thing was great!My problems started when I wanted to transfer all my purchased downloads from Realplayer . This mp3 player was n't supported.I put the mp3 player on my dresser and there it sat for about 2 weeks . When I went to use it again , it would lock up and/or shut itself off . I could n't access the menu , and my computer would n't recognize it when I hooked it up to the USB cable.After sitting on the phone with Sony , I realized this thing was just dead.So I made an even exchange for the same style Sony . I went to transfer the songs I purchased from the enclosed Sony software , and it says it can not transfer this type of file . HELLO ??? It 's from your site Sony ! You ca n't even accomodate songs from your own site?I 've had enough of this $ 90 piece of junk . I would never recommend this player to anyone . It 's been nothing but a headache .
 Listen to the other reviews . The proprietary sony format ia a pain and kills this for me . I usually love sony stuff and the hardware may be good but the proprietary format conversion is too much for me . I switched to a SanDisk that works well for me .
 plastic casing looks so cheap , earphones looks generic , compared to ipods , quality is incomparable . sonic stage software , is hard to manage , worked fine with windows XP pro , but when updated the ver 3.0 that originally came with the player to ver 4.2 fialed to work had to go back to ver 3.0 and ver 3.0 does n't work on windows XP mediacenter.Sound is decent enough but max volume is not loud enough .
 Here 's the rub . If you use a legal download service such as Rhapsody , the files wo n't play in this device . So , you are forced to use Sony 's at $ 1.00 a track as opposed to .79 or less . I blew 20 bucks downloading from Rhapsody into my sony and it would n't recognize the files . Really a pain . I just wanted a small , lightweight MP3 player . What I got was a big pain in the butt .
 I got this for my husband and it has been the biggest headache , it will not play any of my husbands purchased mp3s . He has a huge collection and none of them work . It seems like it would be a great little player but is useless for mp3 purchased on sites other than Sony . Save yourself the trouble and move on , because this device is a waste of time . It is not an mp3 player , it is a Sony download player . What a disappointment !
 First and most important , the battery life is NOT , repeat NOT , what it claims to be . The only reason I purchased this thing is because I figured I would save money with the extra long battery life when it came time to purchase batteries . Think again . Strike one.The sound quality is just plain bad . Most of the time there is an awful hissing noise in the background . I also like my music loud , but at full volume , you wo n't get eardrum-thumping sound , no matter what phones you use with it . Strike two.Sony 's music connect service is the worst I have ever seen . I purchased an album a year ago and it still ca n't finish the download . Like a fool , I actually tried again and I still experienced the same problem . Two albums purchased and no music to show for it . MAJOR strike three . This product sucks and so does Sony .
 hey dude , ur shipping and stuff was great but u the picture u have up there indicate that there is 4 lights in tha fan ... but it only has 3 , get the right picture man ... its not kool to get wat u didnt wanted to buy ... other than that , was a pleasure doin business
 When something seems too good to be true , it probably is . It 's a cliche for a reason - because it is true . You would think I would know better by now , but the allure of inexpensive alternatives to the rip off prices of Canon ink is strong . Do n't fall for it - this is pure crap .
 Based on Most of the Reviews , I ordered 2 Packages ... giving me four of each Color.Good thing since 3 out of the four Cyan Cartridges that I had to open were defective!One had a broken retention tab and could not be used . Two others were leaking into the plastic packaging!Did have one good one out of the lot and the test page I printed looked good.So let 's hope they are replaced by the vendor without delay ... and we 'll see how it goes.I will update the review and let you know .
 This so-called Canon compatible ink clogged up the print heads of my printer . Therefore , I can not recommend it at any price . It is too bad . I would have loved to have found a reliable alternative to the overpriced OEM inks . However , this one will not get any repeat business from me.It is unfortunate that inkjet printer manufacturers have become so greedy . A full set of replacement ink cartridges cost nearly as much as a new printer . It is a scam as far as I am concerned , but thus far I am stuck with paying their outrageous prices .
 I read someone else 's review before I bought this product saying that it ruined their printer . But did I listen ? No . I 'm too cheap . I wanted to save $ 10 , so I bought this set of ink instead of buying Canon ink . BIG MISTAKE !
 These cartridges do not work in my Canon Pixma iP4000 printer . I 've used other non-OEM ink with no problem but these do n't work at all . The printer does n't even recognize the Black , Yellow or Magenta at all . And the Cyan does n't print consistently . I tried cleaning the heads , deep cleaning , taking cartridges out and putting back in , nothing works .
 Total waste of money . I bought this set of ink hoping to have some backup if I run out of my original Canon ink . What a crap !!! On box they put sign `` Ink made in Germany '' , they claming compatibility to even CLI-8 series , but who cares if it DOES NOT fit !!! It actually fits , but not fully locked in . If you take original Canon and this garbage , you can see right away that difference in locking lever is 1/8 -3 / 16 causing this ink to be not fully placed in your printer head . I was hoping to use it in my Canon PixmaIP4000 . DO NOT BUY !!!!!
 I bought this back in October . I had thought it would be like the others . First of all , this thing has no memory whatsoever . I had to buy a memory card just to do stuff . Second , it does n't have built in wifi so I ca n't go on the Internet without it saying ` Memory to low , click a task to terminate ' . I wish that ipaq 's would come with more games than just Solitaire and Jawbreaker . If this is priced at more than 50 bucks , do n't buy it . I bought mine on ebay for $ 155 , and now I 'm just pissed !
 I 've repurchased this five times in 3 years to mount my GPSMAPS 60 to my road bike . With potholed roads the plastic lip did n't hold up to the shock . Make sure you use a safety tether to the bike or you may drop your GPS going over railroad tracks or potholes ! To reduce the load on the mount lips use a shoe lase to secure the GPS clip to the adapter on handlebars . Finally upgraded my GPS to an Edge 800 much lighter and different mount .
 If your bicycle has large handlebars , then be forewarned ... this product does not fit on handlebars over 1 '' diameter . Also , it does not work for the Garmin Dakota . If you have a Dakota , buy the one from the Garmin website .
 Nexus
 I have purchased quite a few Axis products and have never had to use them for support . I recently went to upgrade the firmware and the firmware update bricked the camera . I went to Axis for support and they essentially were useless . Even though all indications were ok for the firmware upgrade the camera was no longer working -LRB- the camera worked 100 % before -RRB- . I contacted Axis for troubleshooting on the issue and they did not read the steps I went through before contacting them ; i.e. , they did n't bother to take the time to even read the trouble ticket before responding . Their response ? reboot/reset to factory settings . I replied I had done that and they replied they could no longer assist me because I bought the camera too long ago.Well , Axis still supports the camera version on their website by issuing patches and firmware . However , apparently , if you use them , you use them at your own peril . They will provide zero support if anything goes wrong applying `` their '' firmware patch to fix bugs they initially had in their product.Axis makes a good camera , but if it breaks , count on just purchasing another one ; and never , never apply any firmware or software upgrades if the camera is in working order .
 I have purchased quite a few Axis products and have never had to use them for support . I recently went to upgrade the firmware and the firmware update bricked the camera . I went to Axis for support and they essentially were useless . Even though all indications were ok for the firmware upgrade the camera was no longer working -LRB- the camera worked 100 % before -RRB- . I contacted Axis for troubleshooting on the issue and they did not read the steps I went through before contacting them ; i.e. , they did n't bother to take the time to even read the trouble ticket before responding . Their response ? reboot/reset to factory settings . I replied I had done that and they replied they could no longer assist me because I bought the camera too long ago.Well , Axis still supports the camera version on their website by issuing patches and firmware . However , apparently , if you use them , you use them at your own peril . They will provide zero support if anything goes wrong applying `` their '' firmware patch to fix bugs they initially had in their product.Axis makes a good camera , but if it breaks , count on just purchasing another one ; and never , never apply any firmware or software upgrades if the camera is in working order .
 There are only 3 plastic sheets that come in this package . When I cut it to fit my camera 's 2.5 '' screen , I can see that I 'll only be able to get 3 screen protectors per sheet . Also , the two of the edges are slightly wrinkly , so the edge did n't lay completely flat . I guess you can remedy this by cutting all 4 sides of your screen protector , instead of taking the shortcut by using an existing side . But unlike others , I do like the squeegee it came with because it is wrapped in a felt cloth so it did n't scratch when I used it . Maybe they 've made an improvement in the product recently ? It 's a bit expensive because the shipping is $ 7.95 - more than twice what you pay for the product itself . In the end , it does what I need it to do .
 The protector has a lightly sticky backing that I used on a digital camera . My complaints include the fact that the squeegee does not take all the air pockets out , it leaves little scratches on the protector , and the product description was not too great . It says up to 12 protectors - well , that depends on the size of your screen . I have a 3 '' wide screen , so I only can get 6 out of the sheets provided . If you need something on your screen for protection , this will do ... but do n't expect much from it .
 This is a very bad product . No matter how careful you are , you will always end up getting air bubbles . In addition , the material is so bad that anything will scratch it.I tried to use it on my two digital cameras and ended up taking it away a coouple of hours later .
 They are n't worth 2 cents . Peeled off within 20 minutes . I followed the directions exactly as written . Horrible product . Many better ones on the market than these .
 It 's not so good product . I would n't buy it again .
 Not a fan of this purse . It looks really cute online , but when I got it , it did n't look good at all . It looks like something I would buy for my 4 year old to play with -LRB- and I sure as heck would n't pay over $ 10 for it ! -RRB- The color on the straps and borders are leather -LRB- or pleather -RRB- and do not match the color pink on the suede.I am returning this item .
 I purchased two of these connectors for a pa that I have and they both not only failed to work , but got stuck on the posts and it took me an hour to get them off . I went to Guitar Center and got two different branded ones , though they were twice as much they work perfectly !
 I bought these based on another review that indicated they were streakless . This is simply not the case . They are about as wet as a baby wipe and nearly as messy . In fact , they are easily the most streaky electronic wipes I 've ever encountered . Even the instructions on the wipes state that cleaning with a dry cloth is necessary to avoid streaks ! Anything this moist is guaranteed to leave streaks unless it also is quick evaporating and the cloth itself it sufficient to wipe out ` drying marks ' . These Weiman Wipes are closer to Armor All car wipes than anything else , and while they will get your electronics clean , they do n't work well at all for things like TV or Notebook screens , or the polished exterior of a phone , camcorder , or laptop . I was less than pleased with them and wo n't be buying them again .
 Remember those Oxi Pads from your adolescence ? Sure ya do . If you want to relive the days of yore , purchase these alcohol soaked lint-leaving wipes . As another reviewer stated , these are horrible on shiny surfaces . If you wipe any shiny plastic with these wipes , it takes forever to dry , and leaves all kinds of streaks . Some mild streaking on the LCD display as well . With some experience , you 'll learn how to use these wipes -LRB- take one out , wipe , let the wipe dry a bit , wipe again -RRB- and these become useful for cleaning only the screen portion of your LCD display or -LRB- do n't do it ! -RRB- your precious 90 inch TV LCD set.Part of the instructions on the back states `` Wipe surface to achieve a streak-free shine . '' - this is not very clear , leading the consumer -LRB- such as myself -RRB- to think you just wipe with these huge Oxi pads , and everything will be ok . WRONG . What they really mean , is that you darned well better follow up with a paper towel or something else immediately after use of this product to get your equipment dry , or you will have streaking ! Details left out intentionally ? I think so . This should have read `` After wiping surface with one of these wipes , wipe surface again immediately with a paper towel or other product to achieve a streak-free shine . `` Nit-picky , but the `` thread through small opening in lid '' instructions is also great in theory , but in practice you 'll find out that the towelettes do n't pull through the little opening once you thread them through . Not with ease , anyways . '' # 1 Rated Brand '' is on the front of the can . I think they mean they get one out of five stars . This product does not work as advertised .
 I bought this 4 pack a few years ago and just used my last one . Amazingly they have all stayed incredibly moist over that time . UNFORTUNATELY they leave streaks all over my laptop display . I wo n't be buying them again and can not recommend them .
 I bought this adapter to bypass the built in amplifier after I installed an aftermarket head unit . Unfortunately , it did not fit my amplifier . It is supposed to simply fit between the two plugs that go into the amp , but mine were different , with one plug being smaller than the other . I later found many other people have had similar issues , so I wanted to be sure and review this product to make sure others knew ahead of time . My advice is to actually disconnect your amplifier first and look at the connections . If they are the same size -LRB- or close -RRB- this part may work for you . However , if one is much smaller than the other , this part is not going to help you bypass the amplifier . In case you are wondering , I eventually found a wiring diagram and just spliced the wires together to bypass the amp . Also , if you have installed an aftermarket head unit and are getting no sound , you may just need to connect power to the amplifier -LRB- blue wire if I remember right -RRB- , but if you want to bypass it completely you need to get an adapter such as this or splice the wires manually as I did .
 Lens is poor quality , lens distortion severe on edges . I was also supposed to get the .42 x wide angle and got a .5 x. Skip this company .
 After reviewing this item on November 4 , I received an email from Kristin stating that they did send another tube out . I originally placed this order on Ocotber 12 , a month ago and have yet to see the tube . After seeing the review on November 9 , I 'm glad I 'm not the only one that 's been screwed out of an adapter . I originally chose this company b/c they had a good price on the lens . Guess it 's time to turn to B&H Photo and get what I need , correct the first time , and not have to deal with a company that can not follow through on their `` promise '' . Bottom line
 I used this motherboard to build a barebones , dual-core system . Everything works fine , until I wanted to add a video card . This board does NOT have a PCI-e slot -LRB- x16 -RRB- . It only has a short , stubby PCIe1 connector . I found almost zero video cards that use this style slot .
 Their customer service is terrible . The boards are unstable and getting them replaced costs you money . They used to make really great products but Personally I will never deal with this company again . If you want to sign up for a lot of headache go ahead , but you where warned .
 I would be happier with this jack minus the locking feature , which consists of 4 small parts that can be easily lost during assembly . I know -- I lost 2 of them . So my jack DID N'T lock.When used for a headphone extension cable , it 's simple to solder the wire to the lugs . But the contacts within the jack are inexpensive.Unless you enjoy fumbling with small parts , I 'd spend a little more and buy a jack that 's machined to a closer tolerance . I wound up using a SWITCHCRAFT 131 , a much better cable jack . It 's the same cable jack used by MOGAMI .
 This is more a review of my experience with SecurityMan customer service , not this specific DVR . My model is the DVR-04 . I called today to order another power supply , and that 's when I learned the DVR-04 had been discontinued . The person on the other end of the phone put me on hold to see if they had a power supply for it . After a couple minutes , he returned and said they 'd have to look `` in the warehouse '' and call me back.I asked two things ; how long has this model been discontinued , and , how long until they 'd get back to me after they check the warehouse?Reasonable questions , right ? Not so the answers : I was informed the SecurityMan DVR-04 had been discontinued about a year ago , which means someone who bought one just about the time it was discontinued may very well not be able to get replacement parts after only one year . -LRB- And this is the * second * time in probably a year that my power supply has died . -RRB- Granted , my unit is around 3 years or so old , but the point is that even someone who bought this model new just 12 months ago and has a problem with it , may have more of a problem than they may think ! What 's reasonable here ? Should SecurityMan regard what they sell as simply disposable equipment , even if it fails only 365 days after purchase ? I can get parts for my 6 + year old 52 '' Philips TV right now , but SecurityMan feels no obligation to stock parts even one year after discontinuance ? -LRB- And this power supply seems to be unique , so you ca n't just pick one up anywhere . -RRB- As to when they 'd get back to me about the power supply , I was told `` I do n't know -- no time frame '' . No time frame ???? In other words , `` Take a flying leap , my friend , we 've moved on . Your problems with our old equipment mean nothing to us '' . OK , everyone who thinks either one of these answers equates with even minimally acceptable customer service from SecurityMan , raise your hands ! ______________________________ DECEMBER 2011 UPDATE
 This is only good if you are absolutly desperate . The monitor you hook it up to will not show color and it constantly has a darker bar running down it . There is no sound at all so thats of no use .
 Even though `` Talking Caller ID '' is printed right on the unit , it wo n't actually speak the Caller ID -LRB- the phone number of the person calling -RRB- to you.If you have recorded a personal name tag for a particular number it will play that , but if you have n't , it just remains mute . You can press `` Review '' later and hear the number announced , but it wo n't play it while the phone is ringing , which is when you need to hear it .
 This replacement cord was not the quality I was expecting at all . Every time I plugged it in it arched at the outlet and eventually the wire separated at the end ! Had to order a whole new AC adapter/power supply cord .
 I bought this product because the AC adapter to my laptop was no longer functioning and I needed a new one . Sadly , this product is substandard . How can you go wrong with an AC Adapter ? Well , this one will not stay connected to any electrical outlet or extension cord . It is not wide enough so that when you plug it in you ca n't even do a minimal movement of the cord without it unfastening from whichever outlet is connected to . Additionally , it is not long enough ; hence you end up inevitably pulling the laptop closer to you to use , and the cord follows . So you have to constantly plug it back in the outlet . Save your money . Do n't even bother buying this , go for something else . It will save you plenty of aggravation .
 Toshiba HD-A1 HD-DVD Playeris my first HD-DVD player I purchased . However , its slow pace of start up as well as reading the disk is a snail speed , may be 1 minute . The remote control is so hard to read with very small letters imprinted on black color background . The up-conversion function is not very good , compare to my other DVD plaver . Plus on several occasion , it failed to read or play the disk which I have no problem to play on other DVD player . Toshiba should have done better than that at the price we paid for
 Finally got it to work after an hour on the phone with Toshiba . Watched 2 HD DVDs over the next week , then began getting errors that it could not read the disks . Downloaded new firmware and now nothing plays . Sending it back . This is a piece of junk !! Note
 Going in I knew it was slow to load/eject and that the remote was difficult to use but I bought it anyway . Without a magnifying glass and a flashlight to read the remote , you 'll need to rely on memory for what button does what ... they all look the same . I 'd like to meet the mental midget that designed it.Picture quality was n't much better than my Denon non-HD . Wait for something better .
 I returned this player because of frequent lock ups and other technical limitations . I saw what I wanted to see
 CONS : REMOTE CONTROL
 I chose Blu-ray after experiencing the poor performance of the Toshiba player . More of the major electronics manufacturers are supporting Blu-ray over HD DVD -LRB- same as the movie studios -RRB- . That alone is reason enough not to spend your hard-earned bucks on this first-generation dud .
 The pause option does n't work very well . When I restart a DVD after having hit pause the DVD often starts over . I have often had to unplug the machine when it gets frozen . The machine always takes a long time to start up . Besides being able to play HD-DVDs , it is far worse than most cheap DVD players .
 I purchased my Toshiba HD-A1 the first day is was released for sale through Amazon . I purchased a Sony Equalia just for the HD-DVD format . The picture quality and sound are both a significant improvement over the 480p format , Toshiba , I have been watching for the last several years.While I am impressed with the improved picture I will wait for the 1080p format for even more improvement . The new HD-DVD releases are a mixed bag with some much more impressive than others.My major problem with my new Toshiba is the constant lock-ups and picture freezes . Every one of my discs , brand new out of the box , freeze at some point in play back . Sometimes the lock-up lasts just a minute and restarts . Most often , the entire unit locks up and requires that I manually turn off the unit by holding the off button for 10 seconds . I then must wait for the player to reboot and then attempt to pass through the freeze point again . This is a five/ten minute process that usually results in the same problem . All six of my discs are locking up and I have yet to watch an entire movie.What is up with the remote control ?? Almost impossible to use in a darken room . I must either leave the room to find a button or turn on the lights . My other Toshiba players use very simple , easy to use , formats that I can handle day or night .
 Do n't get me wrong , staying on the cutting edge of technology affords bragging rights and gobs of ear and eye candy , however the exterior of this unit looks like it was manufactured in the 1980 's . Features , looks and specs will vastly improve with the '07 models across the board . Just an observation while you drop your hundreds here .
 Ok so I should have read the fine print , but it turns out that even though HD DVD 's are all encoded at 1080p , the players only support 1080i and 720p . I think I will return mine and wait for a true HD DVD .
 This player is a complete piece of garbage . Not ready for prime-time , but it was still rushed to the market . While the picture quality is excellent -LRB- when it successfully plays DVDs -RRB- as you would expect with the HD-DVD format , it takes up to * 2 minutes * to load up a DVD and start playing it . Just performing a power-up boot takes at least a minute . In addition it does not play DVD+R discs . In many cases it would not play any disc you insert into it and required several reboots to play it correctly . I returned mine immediately and instead got a Denon 1080p-upconverting player and am happy with the picture quality.Bottom line
 the other comments listed under 1 star are correct , it is a waste of money
 I hooked the player to my Infocus X3 DLP projector via the component video cable I already use for an HD tuner and regular DVD player . When I tried playing an `` upconverted '' DVD , it refused to play above low resolution . Digging into the manual , websites , etc. , I found that ONLY the HDMI -LRB- digital -RRB- interface is guaranteed acceptable for high def play -LRB- it involves `` copy protection '' -RRB- . Whether or not you can play any DVD -- including HD DVDs -- in HD depends on the settings programmed onto the disk -LRB- it appears that most non-HD disks prohibit upconverting -RRB- . So I purchased new HDMI cables , adapters , plugs , switches ... Turned it on . . config screens looked good ... started DVD ... `` HDMI ERROR 1 '' . I switched the HDMI cable to the HD receiver and the TV worked fine . I then called Tech Support . The gentleman listened attentively and quoted sections from the manual . I asked for a little more information than what I had already read and was told that the tech support people had no other resources to work with . I have applied the latest firmware update -LRB- each of the updates appears to be for an `` HDMI error '' -RRB- . Apparently , I now have a $ 500 boat anchor . Before buying any Toshiba HD-related product , be sure to do a google on `` toshiba hdmi error '' . The postings by `` HDMI authorities '' are quite illuminating , if discouraging .
 I got this DVD player 2 weeks ago and it is already dead ! - It is very slow to load a dvd or eject a DVD ~ 20 seconds . Then when I had issues with it not recognizing a DVD I whent on the network and downloaded a firmware upadate . This then killed all my HD capacity and now I only have regular dvd playback . Toshiba support said wait for another firmware update to see if it could fix it but did not say when probably a few months or more . Oh how I wasted $ 500 on this junk !
 If you are dying to see HD movies on a disk -LRB- I was -RRB- , it 's a good price to get into the HD-DVD game . On the other hand , the remote is awful , and you have to wait 1-2 minutes after you hit the pwoer button before a disk is played . Also , if you want to use Dolby Digital 5.1 you are out of luck , as the AD-H1 only outputs DTS over its optical output . For most people , I would recommend waiting for other players before making the leap.For die-hard picture quality fans , the image IS fantastic , and if you can live with the other problems , you will be happy ... although blacks and whites are clipped over HDMI .
 HD DVD is a dead format ! Warner Brothers is going to stop producing HD DVD discs soon . Do a search and you will see many articles about this . The only studios that will be making HD DVD 's are Paramount/Dreamworks and Universal . Disney , Buena Vista , Sony , Warner Brothers , New Line , MGM , and Lionsgate all release movies exclusively on Blu-ray . Do yourself a favor and avoid HD DVD players . The reason the prices are so cheap is that Toshiba knows it is dead and is probably clearing out remaining inventory . You 've been warned !
 I have to say - I have been awaiting my first HD-DVD player for some time with great expectation , and this past Xmas my girlfriend bought this player for me.The first experiences I have had have been really disapointing.The unit constantly locks up for seemingly no reason requiring hard power downs -LRB- yank the plug -RRB- . It gets very confused as to what resolution it really should run in when playing regular dvd 's . The HDMI function is not really usable as it is -LRB- I ended up running component through my Denon to upscale because I could not get the player to work correctly with HDMI -RRB- . It will not play any of the new HD-DVD 's like The Bourne Ultimatum , or Transofrmers without a firmware upgrade , which seems to be impossible to install . Why on earth Toshiba did n't include a firmware upgrade CD with a currently shipping unit is beyond comprehension . I can only assume that they expect the internet upgrade to actually works , however it does not.On the bright side Toshiba makes the firmware easy to find on google . The issue , however , comes when you try to actually install the new firmware . After a frustrating weekend trying both the internet upgrade -LRB- which just flat out seems to not work at all - I suspect that Toshiba changed the name of the server it is supposed to use to download the firmware and it just ca n't locate the server -RRB- , and trying three different computers , 3 different ISO CD Writers , and close to a dozen CD-R 's - the firmware remains stubornly un-updatable . I 'd have to say that this is one of the worst hardware experiences I have ever had . Toshiba should be ashamed that they have released a product so poorly designed , supported , and un-updatable .
 I bought 2 sets of these radios on clearance for 10 dollars a set . Used one set on a 4000 mile road trip to and from Yellowstone National park . I was able to use these radios on a variety of terrain from open road to deep mountain overpasses . These radios did not exceed 1 mile . When in range the voices are clear . I have an older pair of Motorola 2 mile radios with multiple sub channels . The Motorola 's have a true 2 mile range . The batteries do not last very long as discussed in other reviews . I will be giving these radios to my nephews and nieces . I would not advise to purchase this pair of radio .
 Four alkaline batteries do not last half hour of conversation . Energy consumption is very high.The scope of the signal in the open field , also did not exceed two miles .
 I purchased a pair of these for under $ 20 new and took them into the woods . The first problem is that the 10 mile range is an absolute lie . I get about 1/2 mile with them , that 's it . How in the world they get away with advertising 10 miles I 'll never know since I ca n't even get 1 mile with them . The second problem is that it eats batteries like crazy . One day out with moderate talking and you 'll need to replace the batteries -LRB- 3 AAA each , which ai n't cheap -RRB- . Bottom line , not good radios , I 'm glad I only have 20 bucks invested/lost in them .
 These radios represent the cheapest possible solution . Do they work ? Yes , for about a half mile direct and unobstructed line-of-sight . If you 're looking for something reliable , that can work at the range advertised , this is n't it .
 I purchased these radios to use while fishing the banks with a friend . They worked fine the first 4 or 5 times I used them but then one started beeping every 3 seconds and would not transmit , even with new batteries . I contacted Uniden and they advised me that the unit was defective and it would have to be returned for repair . It would have cost me more to have it shipped and repaired than I paid for them . I was a month out of warranty so that was that . I will not buy Uniden anymore . You get what you pay for ... spend a litle extra and get more quality .
 This is a very deceptive advertisement.The picture shows a Brother cartridge and the Manufacture is listed as Brother but IT IS NOT Brother .
 I used this cable for 3-4 months during which I was switching the cable between the cable TV box and the DVD player while the the VGA end was connected to my projector . Recently , it just stopped working with either video source . I bought a replacement -LRB- some other generic brand -RRB- and it works fine . May be these cables are not meant to be switched between video sources too much - may be they are . Either way , here 's my story .
 So it was an amazing television for my bedroom at first ; although , I agree the sound design and the speaker system was not top quality . First I 'd like to say that the picture was amazing and I had never been happier with a TV ... until the picture decided to drop to a low dark tint uncontrolably . There 's nothing I can do to rectify this problem and it will not go away . Stupid me , did n't buy the warranty from the store ; if you insist on buying theis television , BUY THE WARRANTY !
 I could say a lot of good things about this this TV in terms of features and picture quality , but the sound volume is so low , it severely limits its usefulness .
 Great Picture.Bad Audio.Remote does not have Jump Feature.Takes forever to change between channels.Worst Sharp product I have ever owned .
 Have had this set for about two years . The sound quality is horrible . I have to turn it up to the highest level most of the time and still ca n't hear everything especially if there is any thing else going on . What 's the point of having the TV if you ca n't hear it while you are on an exercise machine or my son is playing on the floor.Now , the picture turns off for no reason . The screen just goes black like you have turned it off . Not gray , black . Sometimes , it returns to normal after you switch the TV off and on about five times . The sound still stays on though . It drives my 3-year old son crazy especially if he is watching his favorite show.Whatever you do , spend your money on something else . This TV is not worth the headache . Now if I can just remember if I had gotten the extended warranty .
 Several people have pointed out that the built in sound on this TV is n't great . One person pointed out that you can hook it up to an external sound system.Not actually . This TV lacks the standard Audio Out jacks . There is no RCA audio outjack . Not even a headset jack.This TV does have a digital audio out jack - so you could use it with a modern surround sound system . Unfortunately , that 's not what we have . People who want to hook up a simple headphone , or a wireless headphones , or regular stereo speakers are out of luck.We have called Sharp product support and verified that this is true . They provide no workaround or explanation for this omission.This is a show-stopper for us . My wife likes to watch TV over her wireless headphones while I fall asleep . A TV without audio jacks is out of the question .
 Great picture , wish I could actually hear the program . The sound is so low even at maximum output that I could n't even use it . If you 're hooking it up to a stereo so you do n't need the tv speakers you still need to be careful . The only audio output is digital so you better have a digital input . You could run the sound from your cable box to your external speakers but the problem there is you wo n't be able to use that set-up when watching a DVD which you probably want to do since you bought a TV with a built in DVD player.Since the product ca n't be returned -LRB- thanks Amazon ! -RRB- I now need to spend money on a cable box and external speakers and forget about ever using the internal DVD player which is going to run me about $ 300 bucks plus the monthly lease fee on the cable box . My good deal just became not so good .
 yes the picture is very good . Yes , it looks very nice . The audio output is so poor it renders it nearly useless . And because it has no conventional audio out plugs I ca n't do anything about it . I have it in my bedroom where it replaced an old 21 inch tv that died after about 15 years . But at least I could hear my old tv . It 's fine for DVD 's but when watching my cable channels the audio is so low I have to turn it all the way up to maximum to hear normal audio . And forget watching it while I 'm on my excercise equipment . Wish I had n't bought it .
 Sharp LC26DV22U 26-inch LCD TV with Built-In DVD PlayerI too was disgusted with the poor quality/quantity of sound from my new Sharp LC26DV22U TV . So , I pulled the back cover off the set and installed a female 1/8 inch stereo phone jack -LRB- Radio Shack part number ; 274-0246 -RRB- . I wired it directly to the TV 's speakers using bell-wire -LRB- from an old telephone cord -RRB- . Then simply plugged in a PC sound system I had laying around . It works wonderfully and it was easy to do . Just use the wire diagram on the phone jack package and connect to the marked terminals on each speaker of the set . I did n't disconnect the set 's speakers , so the TV will still work with or without the PC speaker system plugged in .
 The picture is great . However , the volume on this TV even at the maximum setting of 50 , is not loud enough . If you are going to buy this , be prepared to purchase an external set of speakers . I 've just returned the TV to the seller . If it is for a small room such as a bedroom , it may be OK , but not for a den or living room .
 After six months of ownership , this TV began turning itself on randomly . The main circuit board was replaced . The TV still turns itself on . -LRB- However , the sound is now improved significantly ! -RRB- We expect to have the TV replaced . No one seems to know why it turns itself on . The circuit board took four months to be delivered after the initial complaint . We were told the part was backordered . Maybe our complaint is a common one ?
 I purchased almost $ 80 worth of this Ink . When my ink cartridge ran out and I replaced it with this compatible brand , I was very disappointed with the quality . Of course by the time my genuine canon ink ran out , I could no longer return the G&G brand and I was stuck with them . I eventually just threw them away . They did a terrible job when it came to printing pictures . If you are just wanting to print things that are n't high quality , it worked ok but it 's nothing compared to the genuine canon ink . The colors were off and did n't look right .
 One of these G&C ; cartridges -LRB- yellow -RRB- had a leak which allowed air to enter the print head of my MP780 Canon multipurpose printer -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Canon-PIXMA-MP780-Photo-Printer/dp/B00030CHOE -RRB- . Fortunately for me I was able to remove and clean the head but at the cost of much additional ink and considerable time . Someone unable to handle this somewhat complex task would have to have the printer repaired or replace it altogether.I still use these cartridges , but I inspect them carefully.The last order received from Abacus was shipped USPS , took four days -LRB- including the weekend -RRB- to arrive . There was no tracking and I discovered the package laying on my front porch and wide open . Kudos to the USPS , all items shipped were in the bag .
 We placed this POE switch into service in June of 2010 . It ran 24/7 and died on April 26 , 2012 . We did n't even get 2 years out of it . I do n't think we will miss it though , because the fan was very loud . We bought a replacement for about half the price , and it features 8 gigabit ports instead of just 2 that came with the Linksys . To be fair , the Linksys had a couple of port connections that the new switch does not have , but we did n't use them anyway.Generally , we 've had decent luck with Linksys stuff in the past , and I would buy Linksys products again . With only 2 gigabit ports , and a lifespan of less than 2 years , I think this particular switch is overpriced garbage .
 I bought this cheap from a Staples during a sale and hooked it up . Everything worked fine for a month when write error messages started to appear . Then occasionally , all the data on the drive would be disappear , only to return when I restart it . I ca n't depend on this drive for my backups anymore and I am going to buy a more reliable model . This drive really is n't worth your time or money .
 Had this drive in service less than 1 yr as a slave drive for backup and transferring tapes to DVD , and , of course , it fails a couple of months out of warranty . Very glad I have backups of the drive as it 's failing . Got multiple errors on the drive , formatted it , and still fails maxtor diagnostics . Am buying a WD drive to replace it . Glad this was n't my boot drive .
 Try as I might this hifi system will not play any CD 's that I burn myself . So if you have created custom CDs this player will not work .
 We received this unit with one of the meter level not working . We called the manufacturer for them to repair it . They asked us to send it at our own expense which will total $ 15 . What a joke . The unit 2days old was still under warranty . Never again to deal with this PHILIPS manufacturer .
 This printer came free with the purchase of my desktop computer - so I give it one star for cost . After having used it for only a couple of months and a total of maybe 10 to 12 copies I began having problems with the paper loading properly . The loading mechanism pulls the paper to the right rendering it impossible to print or copy anything . While trying to troubleshoot the problem I discovered that more than half of the ink was already used up - and after printing so little ! Do n't waste your money on this machine . There 's a reason they 're throwing this little number in for free with the purchase of a computer ...
 So I REALLY needed my printer today , and what has happened to this piece of junk is that I always go somewhere else to get a nice CRISP PRINT . This thing lasts for the first few hundred copies , then forget about it . Ink is smeared and words are even stricken through . Skip on this .
 I have owned this Canon Pixma MP210 printer/copier for 3 years . I use it mostly as a copier and a second printer behind my old reliable HP Deskjet722C.Because of it 's low use , the ink is always dry . I would not recommend this machine to anyone who intends to use it as I have .
 I bought two of these from Office Depot because it was on sale for so cheap . Biggest mistake I 've ever made . I used one for my apartment and gave one to my sister to use , and they both broke within weeks . The paper feeder must have been designed by someone with Parkinson 's because the paper would always either get immediately stuck or go through the printer crooked . When it did get stuck , the printer would just keep printing on the damn roller , getting ink all over it . Then , the next sheet of paper would have ink smears all over it , if you were lucky enough to have it even come through . I wanted to take this thing outside and beat it with a bat like in Office Space . I will never buy a Canon product again .
 I use this printer for scanning , b & w ; printing , and a couple times I accidentally printed something in color.For the most part this printer is good , both the scanning and the printing . My problem with this printer is that its similar to other Canon products in that it either lies about the ink usage , or it chooses to use color to create the b & w ; rather than simply use the black ink cartridge . I do n't print in color , yet my color cartridge runs out just as frequently as the black cartridge . That is unacceptable deception/theft .
 According to the gal I spoke to this morning at Canon -LRB- she was nice , but . . -RRB- She threw the book at me and in so many words told me this known issue was my fault . I assure you it is not.First of all another gentlemman already mentioned how this printer sucks up ink ... it totally does . The other thing he mentioned was how this printer eventually gives an `` error paper jam '' message , but like him I get the message even when the printer is completely clean and empty.Now for the known problem and issue I 'm dealing with ... This printer will most likely go bad . It goes bad with the `` paper jam error . '' This is obviously not only a known issue , but also a manufacturer defect and should have a lifetime warranty -LRB- like vehicles do ! -RRB- I do n't want a brand new unit . I just want them to fix my situation -LRB- without a receipt , -RRB- accept responsibility , and stand behind their product and provide me a refurbished unit.A second call to their repair center in Irvine got me nowhere at all . I attempted to wax logic and reasoning with the guy on the other line , but my concern all but fell on deaf ears . I was left made to feel as if getting to speak to him was a privilege.I personally will NEVER buy a Canon Printer or or even other products of theirs again .
 This is the worst printer I have ever owned . I had just set it up and was given the `` E2 '' error , which means it needs paper , long behold , it wo n't feed the paper . It wo n't do anything actually . Just flashes the same error , that 's all it ever does actually . Worst . Printer . Ever .
 I am very disapointed with this machine.I had an Epson printer before . My new computer was offered with a Canon mp210 multifunction . I wanted a multifunction instead of getting a scanner because of space issue . I hardly ever use either , but find it handy to have them . The Canon ink cartridges last such a short time that I find it cheaper to take copies to the nearest quick print store . Now I find that the scanner wo n't work if ink is empty . I ca n't share pictures on the computer without ink . Ink is too expensive . I will probably get out my old Epson and buy another scanner . I would n't reccomend this to anyone .
 I do n't use my printer very often but when I do I 'd like it to work . This printer worked for about maybe 20 uses . I think I had to change the ink after about 15 pages . I few uses later and it no longer works . All it does now is crush paper . I 'd like to consider myself a capable electronics user , I mean I 've built several computers , but this printer just will not work . So I would n't recommend this to anyone . It would be cheaper and more convenient to go to kinkos for every print .
 This printer kept getting jammed . I pulled the paper out wrong and it broke ... I need to order a new one and i have new ink in it , which probably does not fit other printers.lemon ...
 That 's my main problem with this printer is it jams ... a LOT . The mechanism where the paper is put into the printer keeps jamming intentionally , I do n't get why it consistently does it . Plain and simple , if it did n't jam , I 'd give it a 4 . But this is beyond ridiculous , do n't bother with this piece of junk .
 The print quality is poor and it goes thru ink cartridges faster than any other printer I 've had . Also takes long time to print page . Avoid this printer
 I purchased this printer just under 2 1/2 months ago . It did well and gavesharp copies . I went to use it today , and it will not power up . I usesurge protection on my computer and peripherals , and with no external powersupply , I am left with an oversized paperweight .
 Do n't get me wrong , it works fine and the quality is `` good '' but the MAJOR problem with this product is that the ink runs dry almost immediately - I am forever running to Staples or Office Depot and spending 30 bucks for a b/w and a color cartridge . The b/w will print MAYBE 2 scripts and the color ? Horrible . After printing 6 8x10 photo 's -LRB- yes , I understand this printer is n't for photo 's , but when you need a presentation ... -RRB- the color is gone . That equates to about 3 bucks a page !!! Pay the money and get a printer where the ink will last .
 The images seem good enough . The software , however , is SO SO anti-intuitive . Every little thing I want it to do requires 10 minutes of hunting through the program to find where the function is and how to apply it.I wish EPSON printers would make a comeback .
 We got this printer thinking it would be a good , reliable one . It was n't to say the least . It worked for two days then the paper kept jamming . After that magically fixed itself , the paper would feed crooked and become jammed again ! We tried everything and the booklet was n't any help . So needless to say , we bought a new printer after only having this for not even 2 weeks . Horrible piece of equipment .
 So you want to print in B&W ; ? Nope . Uses color to print everything.If the color cartridge runs out , you ca n't print black and white . Pathetically small color ink carts too . Add in it 's an ink eater.If the color cartridge runs out YOU CA N'T SCAN either !!! -LSB- ... -RSB- Wan na have your work day ruined having to run to frys for a cartridge ? Buy a crap canon .
 This printer does produce high quality pictures when the paper feeds correctly . The scanning function also is fine , but both are majorly overshadowed by the poorly designed paper feed function . The wheel that pulls the paper in from the tray is off to one side , so it -LRB- naturally -RRB- pulls the paper in CROOKED . Very frustrating . I 've wasted a lot of paper trying to get around this problem . It jams , misfeeds , or prints crookedly at least 75 % of the time . I 've had the printer for about a year -- and the problem has gotten worse with time .
 Great printer quality but crapped out on me in just 2 years . Lots of paper jams when using regular paper . Ink lasts maybe for 10 jobs and the cartridges are expensive . I would n't waste your money .
 This printer is useless . Lid hinge tabs were broken , paper feed upper guide was missing , ink carrage sticks & noisy causing printing to waver . Should have been sold for parts because that is exactly what I have to is make 1 printer out of my old one using parts from this junk . Should have gone to E Bay !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Bought the printer because a relative had had great experiences with PIXMA printer/scanner combos . Scanner works like a charm . Printer is an ink hound . I went through my black ink within 4 weeks of moderate printing . I printed no more than 150 pages . Printer broke on me by telling me that the feeder was `` jammed '' when in fact there was not one shred of paper in the machine . I must say , Canon customer service on the phone was very helpful and responsive and is in the process of mailing me a replacement -LRB- refurbished -RRB- printer . They were n't painful about it at all . That said , I 'm not too happy the printer broke down . Print quality was a 7-8 on a scale of 1-10 . Not as crisp as I 've seen , but not terrible at all . Color printing was terrific , ironically enough , but that too sucks up a lot of ink . Speed was not painful at all .
 I only want to use the Canon Pixma MP210 for scanning , but guess what - it ca n't scan unless there are ink cartridges in the thing ! I just confirmed with Canon support - how very , ridiculously sad .
 I 'm so sorry to see Canon go down this road.The printer exists to sell inkjet cartridges . You ca n't use your own or refill them -LRB- they have a security sensor so that you have buy new ones -RRB- . Worst of all , if either of the inkjet cartridges is low -LRB- they 'll run out whether you use them or not , just because they are opened -RRB- THE REST OF THE UNIT SHUTS DOWN.That 's right - you are not allowed to use the scanner if the inkjet cartridges are low ! -LRB- No , scanners do n't need ink . -RRB- There 's lots online about the way certain printer companies have designed their units to force purchasing of expensive ink cartridges . I did n't think Canon was among them , but apparently they are .
 I found my mp210 in the trash . It wo n't load the gosh darn paper . But the scanner works ! Thanks Canon for making a product destined for the dumpster . I have a decent scanner now and it did n't cost me a dime .
 Bought this as part of a bundle from Best Buy . Went to install it and no USB cable . I look on-line and Canon does n't include it in the packing list.WTF is that ??? I have to make another trip out to get a cable ??? Would it kill Canon to throw in a USB cable so I can use it right away ? What if Dell or Mac sold computers without keyboards , or mice . Or they sold you mice but you had to buy the cables separately ??? C'mon Canon , get real !
 This is the worst printer I have ever used . I am a college student and need to print things everyday and this printer is useless . I have to go to the library because it is always `` jammed '' . The cartiges that I first bought were almost instantly indicated as empty and every other print job results in a jam . The buttons are confusing and useless as they do not solve the issue . I am currently giving up on this because it thinks it is jammed but there is nothing in the machine !
 ProsGood printing and scanning functions . Reasonable price for what it does.ConsDELLL INSPIRION 700M USERS BE AWARE -- MAJOR SOFTWARE INCOMPATIBILITY !! CANON ALL-IN-ONES ARE NOT RECOGNIZED BY YOUR LAPTOPS !!!
 This is the worst printer I 've ever owned.It came with an IMac I bought in November , but I did most of my printing/scanning/copying on the printer connected to my PC , so it got very little use . The print quality deteriorated rapidly , and I needed to replace the ink cartridges after printing fewer than 50 pages . I installed the new ink cartridges but the paper feed then failed to operate . I could n't even get a test page - the error message said there was a paper jam , although there was no jam and the paper path was clear -LRB- see experience of ChillsnThrills and Frank Adams -RRB- The warranty is only 90 days and my nearly new printer was out of warranty when I experienced these problems ; beyond the 90 days Canon will not give telephone support without a $ 10 charge . Their electronic support was not helpful , but they offered me a `` one-time opportunity to purchase a new product of the same type , discounted from the list price . '' No thanks Canon - after my experience with this product no way am I letting you sell me another .
 Good for scanning , print quality is average . Previously owned an HP printer , which was bulker , so I bought this printer because it was more stream-lined . They also had a special deal on it when we bought our computer . However , it eats ink much more than the HP . Also the ink for the Cannon is harder to find in stores , and is more costly than other brands . I bought ink for this printer about a month ago , after using the printer for two weeks , the low ink display came on . It kept showing this everytime I would print . Two weeks later since the first display came on , the ink is now completly empty . Typically we print about ten pages a week . The HP printer was more expensive , but the ink was less , and the Cannon was cheaper and the ink is more . Maybe that is the trade off .
 This print was bequeathed to me by my mother after she got a far better quality printer . At first , I thought I had just been given gold ; my own personal printer for free . I could finally print out essays for school , and a few pictures of my friends and I. However , my excitement was incredibly short lived.This first issue was the printing itself . The paper jams in the printing tray so frequently that I have to individually place in each piece of paper , which makes printing long essays for school impossible ; due to the fact that the printer will stop printing when the paper tray is empty.As for those pictures of my and my friends ? the print quality on photos is absolutely horrid . The color is incredibly faded . Even after spending almost an hour fiddling with the color properties and even after swapping with brand new ink cartridges , the color is STILL faded.The worst is the fact that the ink cartridges have to be in the printer in order to scan an image onto a computer . Scanning SHOULD NOT need ink , why on earth would the printer be programmed to do that ?! I was lucky enough to not have to buy this junk of a printer , but for those who have lived this nightmare and are out a good chunk of change I sincerely feel for you.Aside from the major negative problems , the `` good '' qualities of the printer are average . Makes the same amount of noise as any other printer , and prints about the same speed as any other printer ; when it does print that is.Stay away ! Run ! While you still can !!
 When Gilette invented the safety razor in 1902 he practically gave them away . This was because he knew he would make much more money selling the blades . The tactic was called a loss leader . That 's what Canon is doing with this printer . The ink is very expensive and produces fewer prints than any other printer I have ever owned by far . My printer is still working well but I 'm throwing away this otherwise OK machine because I ca n't afford to feed it .
 This printer does not let you print in black in white if the color cartridge is empty . It does not matter that the black cartridge is full and you set all the preferences to print in black and white . It still requires the color cartridge to even function.Furthermore , you ca n't even scan if the color cartridge is empty.They want to you to buy their expensive cartridges even if you 're not printing . Design flaw or greed ?
 Short and simple
 Bought this printer for daily home use . Print anywhere from 1 - 5 pages per day on average , mix of color and black and white , but not many photos . I have no complaints about the operation of the printer , the quality of the printouts , scanning , copying - all are fine.MAJOR CON , and the reason for only 2 stars
 Chews through Ink , Error lights do n't clear , Tech support sucks.My issue is that I ca n't print using my Mac and Microsoft Word when ink appears low . Paper spits out blank . My ink is not low . The cartridges are brand new . The sensors that detect ink levels are messed up . Also , it does n't print certain fonts like ARIEL . It will print ARIEL BLACK but not straight up Ariel , the most popular font . It will also not print numbered lists or bulleted lists . Garbage . Do not buy this printer if you have a MAC and Microsoft Word .
 I love the Canon Pixma MP and have used it for year but recently it broke and will be $ 45 to fix so I found one on Amazon and it looked good although not new . I came well packaged and after I bought new ink -LRB- disappointed I could not use the ones from the old machine -RRB- it was good to go except it does not feed properly . It is unusable . I guess that is what I get for purchasing a used printer .
 I got my printer for free with my laptop . I now understand why this printer was given away . Nice gimmick , to get rid of a bunch of crap printers.THIS PRINTER HAS NEVER EVER WORKED . From day one it has flashed an E2 error message that will not go away . There is no packing material left in the machine , I have re-loaded the paper a million times . It will not even attempt to feed the paper.I did not purchase this item , but will definitely never purchase any Canon copier .
 when I saw the item I needed , I really thought that the item was good as new . When I opened the package , I was really disappointed with what I saw . I mean , I did not expect a new one but at least the printer should have been in good shape - the cover was broken , springs not in place , no cd for installation . It was disappointing . I want to return it , but what will i get from it . I already spent my money for shipment so just be satisfied with it .
 I purchased this item in June -LRB- 4 months ago -RRB- and have printed approximately 500 pages of black and white traditional pages on it . Yesterday while attempting to print another one page document , I got a message saying there was an error and to retry or contact a service center . After retrying according to their instructions approximately 5 times I received the same error message . I contacted customer support and after five minutes they told me that1 . the printer only has a 90 day warranty which I have already exceeded2 . apparently the paper wo n't load and they ca n't fix this item because it would cost more to fix than the item is worth3 . that i would need to replace the printer.Needless to say I was livid . I spoke with three different Canon reps and finally managed to get a customer support agent who is sending me a replacement printer at no charge . I 'll be using that one until it too gives up the ghost and will NEVER be buying a Canon limited warranty item again.Continually during my discussions with the agents they told me this printer was meant for limited use -LRB- which I believe my usage represents -RRB- and meant for students . I am not a student , but I was a student and can only imagine how this could affect a `` last minute paper deadline '' . If you are a student and reading this , please , PLEASE be sure to purchase printers with longer warranties . If your printer does fail outside -LRB- but no more than a year -RRB- of the limited warranty time frame , calmly but firmly insist that you speak to managers , customer service reps , etc. until they send you a replacement printer . In my mind , marketing a low-price item with a limited warranty that has a tendency to fail shortly after the warranty expires is a sad business practice meant to prey upon those not willing to spend a tremendous amount on an item they will use infrequently . It 's not something I expect of a solid company like Canon and it 's a practice and policy I hope they change in the future .
 I bought this MP210 printer brand new . It only lasted 5 months because the paper feeder broke and I kept getting an error saying the printer was out of paper . It is too cheap of a printer to pay to get it fixed . Time to buy a different printer .
 I returned to strap , because I found a better one.I returned to strap , because I found a better one .
 I finally realize why they do n't include this with the pro sling box . Because the value it adds is practically 0 . The resulting picture is actually worse than the component output . I have an HD cable box that outputs converted signals and downsampled picture was actually better than the straight resampled HD signal that this cable outputs.The picture is small and it is not noticably better than the component output . In hindsight the pro box is really not necessary since the HD cable does not add its advertised value .
 If you or a neighbor has a wireless Internet connection , and few purchasing this item would not , or a wireless phone using the 2.4 Ghz spectrum , skip this product . Even with multiple channel capability the interference renders this product useless . Further , an e-mail on a driver issue for the video capture board took nearly a week for a terse response . Spend the extra money for a wired solution and save yourself from disappointment .
 I got a Mojo a short while ago . Initally I was very impressed with it 's specs . How ever , I have had nothing but problems with it . I returned the first one because it would n't play half of the mp3 's that I tried ... it would just freeze . The second one I got seems better , but I still have alot of problems with it . I have numerous audio cd 's that it either refused to play , or plays with lots of clicks , pops , and stuttering . In addition , I have been creating mp3 's from my cd collection to archive , and I still have alot of mp3 's that stutter and stall , or wo n't play at all . I have tried 2 ripping/encoding programs and 2 codecs with similar results both times . I also tried 2 brands of cdr and a cdrw.I for one , am very dissapointed over all and I will be returning it and trying another brand -LRB- Rio ?? -RRB-
 I bought this player so I could listen to audio and MP3 CDs on the road . It does a fine job with MP3s , but it did n't like any of my homemade Audio CDs - it would quit playing after a few songs , or it would put gaps and clicks between songs that are n't there when the discs are played on other CD players . This did n't happen with just one or two of my CDs , but almost all of them .
 Originally , I purchased this mp3-cd player as a replacement for my RioVolt SP250 , which was unfortunately broken by my clumsy oaf of a brother . I purchased this based on the testimonials that people gave regarding the fact that the TDK MOJO is a superior player . Whoever these people may be , they obviously have never owned a RioVolt SP250 . First of all , the MOJO lasts 10 hours on 2 AA batteries , which is mediocre compared to the 20 hours the RioVolt can allot . The MOJO also only comes with one type of headphones , as opposed to the two the SP250 comes with . It also has no carrying case , no really customizable equalizer , no FM tuner , no M3U playlist support , no audio output level display , no upgradeable firmware , no remote control , no MAC supported audio managment software , and no 1-year warranty -LRB- however , with the SP250 , this warranty does not account for oafish brothers -RRB- . The so-called track memory is a joke ; also , there is no continuous backlight when the AC adapter is plugged in . ALSO , the MOJO has no actual menu-you can just change around the options ; and yet another thing
 I got this mp3 player because CNET.COM gave it a 9 rating . Boy was I suprised . The darn thing will not read any mp3 that I burned . I even tried using 3 different cd burning programs which resulted in hours of fustration . I returned it within 3 hrs of opening the darn thing . My friend has a rio sonic blue 100 whichhas no problem reading any cd 's that I burned . I will get a Rio as soon as I get a refund for this player .
 Hold it ! What the misleading ads , glowing reviews , etc DO N'T tell you is that the Mojo ca n't read CDRWs formatted for packet writing . Well , my computer 's CD burner uses -- guess -- PACKET WRITING !! I only find this out after I 've bought the thing , got it out of the package , plug it in , and stare in awe as the LCD just displays `` ca n't read '' and shuts itself off every time I put in an MP3 CD ... what a RIP OFF . Then I notice that the user manual informs you of this glaring flaw way in the back in fine print -LRB- which you will never see until you 've bought this kludge , opened the package , etc , because the reviews tell you nothing about this . -RRB- So forget listening to any MP3 music on your CDRWs if your computer has the Adaptec Direct CD software like mine does . Oh , but it plays regular audio CDs just fine -LRB- except for the skipping -RRB- ... whoopee .
 I have NEVER been so disappointed in a portable CD player -LRB- and I 've owned many -RRB- . No major complaints solely as an MP3 player , BUT I STRONGLY reiterate previous comments regarding skipping/stopping and short battery life in the CD mode . The sound quality was decent , but I found it to have a higher then normal `` whirr '' during operation . The player 's overall fragility and complete lack of service at TDK is what really makes the purchase not worth it . After four months , just past the three-month warranty , the player stopped reading any CDs -LRB- the display reads OPEN -RRB- . Evidently , TDK has NO authorized service centers and will not repair the product there . A friendly-but-utterly-useless customer service rep suggested I find a mom-and-pop electronics store that would repair the player , or I was `` out of luck . '' -LRB- no large service center will touch a it , if they are not an authorized service center for the brand -RRB- . Plus , the labor costs just are n't worth it.She suggested that the player had been dropped and a piece broken from between the covers , rendering it useless . I can not recall any accidents with the player , and a portable should possess a minimum level of durability . The rep remarked that this was a common problem with the unit.Great price and some features , but what 's the point if the product does n't work in a few months ? You should n't have to be `` lucky '' to purchase a reliable product .
 I bought this cd player in February 2002 . It was great . Nice looking , good sound , great jukebox , blablabla .6 months after , it stopped spinning . It does not work . Suddenly . No reason at all to break down , since it had been mostly used at home , not as a portable device.I called tech support at TDK , at 1-866-629-3893 , sopke with a guy called Steve , and he not only said that there was nothing they could do , since the warranty was only for 90 days , but also added that TDK DID NOT SERVICE THIS UNIT . That I should look on the yellow pages for an electronics technician near my home !!! He went even further ! He wanted me to call their corporate office , in order to find a solution to this problem !!! Can you imagine , calling a TDK corp. office to find 1 person who could assist you with such problem ??? If you can , please allow me to tell you that a corp. office of TDK could have more than 1000 employes , who would not have an idea on what to do about this subject.So , if you want to save you money , please look for a product that has TECH SUPPORT after the warranty is expired.TDK DOES NOT PROVIDE TECH SUPPORT FOR THIS PRODUCT .
 I bought this CD player for 100 bucks , and it was the worst thing I ever did . First of all , if the CD has a tiny scratch on it , it wo n't play it at all . Seacond , it uses sooooo many batteries . I think i put in batteries every other day for this worthless thing . And thirdly , the damn ESP does n't work . When i try to run it , it makes the CD that i 'm listening to very choppy , so i have to turn the ESP off to make it sound normal . If i rotate the CD while it 's playing , it will skip . That 's how bad it plays . It is the worst player on the market , i do n't know why they would ever sell such a thing like this .
 For playing MP3 CDs , the MOJO does almost everything I need and more ; it 's really a great CD player for the price ... It has so many good features . Missing , however , is the capability to fast forward and rewind while playing MP3s . The fast foward and rewind work while playing normal audio CDs , but you ca n't hear where you 're at until you stop fast forwarding or rewinding and play the CD , unlike almost all other CD players that I have used.When playing my normal audio CDs , my MOJO skipped a lot and every now and then would just stop in the middle of a track . My Memorex basic CD player plays these CDs perfectly fine . Because I have so much trouble listening to normal audio CDs , I am going to return this CD player and buy something else .
 While the Mojo performs well with MP3 discs , it will certainly disapoint you when you play a regular audio CD . No matter it is a factory CD or your own recorded one , if it is not new it will fail playing too often , even my little daughter cheap CD player has a better performance . Yes , I tried cleaning the lens !
 During it 's working time , The Mojo was great . It was terrifc to have 150 songs without needing to shell out $ $ $ for the iPod . However , recently it stoped playing certain tracks . After investigation the problem , I found that I could only put 450MB of mp3 's on a disc . Past that , the thing just does n't play the tracks . I also found that I was n't the only person with this problem . TDK support is a joke , so I 'm stuck with a half working player.Besides this major defect , the player really was n't put together well . They could have done dozens of things to extend battery life . Playing standard CDs drained the batterys in one hour . You ca n't scan forward inside tracks and the equilizer was less than satisfactory.Save your money and buy a player from people who know electrons , not just CD media . ...
 Extremely disappointed with the player sound quality , headphones , customer support and worst of all , it does n't play MP3 CDs burned on Windows XP.You 'll know if you have the MP3 problem when Mojo skips every 25 seconds of a track . Hence , 25 seconds into a song , you 'll hear an audible click . Every 25 seconds later , you 'll hear the same click . It gets very annoying and I do n't use the player anymore.I have other better quality and cheaper CD players around the house . I bought Mojo because it was supposed to play MP3 CDs.With regards to the MP3 issue , if you check their web site , they admit as much . It suggest that you use a 3rd party software to burn the CDs and not use XP 's Windows Media Player to burn it . I used Easy CD Creator 's software -LRB- which is one of the most popular burning apps -RRB- to create my MP3 CDs and it still does n't work . I also had an older MP3 CD burned on Windows NT which also does not play on Mojo.Hence , all I have now is a poor sound quality and overpriced CD player . TDK customer support and website did not offer any other help on the MP3 issue.I e-mailed TDK twice about the problems but each time , I got a typical set answer which I already knew . It is as if customer support does n't read the e-mails . I suppose a PC reads your e-mails and scans it for certain phrases like `` XP '' , admits they know about the problem and blames it on Microsoft . Until Microsoft fixes it , it 's your problem.I bought this Mojo on the Internet and was supposed to receive rebate which never arrived . It highlights one of the problems of buying online ; other than reviews online -LRB- which I read and most must have been written by TDK employees -RRB- , you 'll be left with taking a chance on the product if you do n't try it at a store first . Note
 I got a Mojo a short while ago . Initally I was very impressed with it 's specs . How ever , I have had nothing but problems with it . I returned the first one because it would n't play half of the mp3 's that I tried ... it would just freeze . The second one I got seems better , but I still have alot of problems with it . I have numerous audio cd 's that it either refused to play , or plays with lots of clicks , pops , and stuttering . In addition , I have been creating mp3 's from my cd collection to archive , and I still have alot of mp3 's that stutter and stall , or wo n't play at all . I have tried 2 ripping/encoding programs and 2 codecs with similar results both times . I also tried 2 brands of cdr and a cdrw.I for one , am very dissapointed over all and I will be returning it and trying another brand -LRB- Rio ?? -RRB-
 Want to save time ? Forget the CD players and get a flash memory unit . Stay away from moving parts ! Anyway , here are the gory details ... OK , I liked it at first . It did everything I wanted it to do ... -- play MP3s in the car . I fact , I loved it.But after a couple of months , I found the problems to be so annoying that I have retired it for good.I just do n't think it 's a quality machine . I would not recommend it because I have to believe that , with this unit , `` if it 's not one thing , it 's another . '' The particular problem I had may not occur with all of them , but it 's an indication that it 's not built well . # 1 problem
 I love being able to storea dozen albums on a single cd . The concept is great here . The execution leaves something to be desired.When you get this much music in one place , you need a good UI top be able to pick out what you want to hear . The mojo does a decent good job of this , but I was expecting much better from the reviews . The main display when playing music is rather disappointing -- only giving one line of 4 to show the name of the music playing , and 3 lines for other -LSB- stuff -RSB- . It lacks some basic play modes like ` play everything shuffled once and then stop . ' The battery life was pretty short , and it would generally kill the batteries when I was n't listening to it b/c it had started playing in my bag -- my bad for forgetting the hold switch but the design does n't help.It 's also quite FRAGILE . I tried taking it with me on bike rides and such for a short while , but it really just could n't deal . -LRB- I 'm talking road-bike rides , not off-road . This was n't even a real torture test . -RRB- About 2 months after I got it , it started going down hill -- not playing some cd 's . Getting stuck in the middle . Now , at the tender age of 4 months , it 's all but worthless . It ca n't play mp3 cd 's for more than about 20 minutes before getting lost , and even audio cd 's are starting to fail . It will play for a while and then just grind the laser head back and forth and spin the disk up and down.I know amazoners tend not to consider very highly reviews complaining about broken hardware . But I think if you read , you 'll see a trend with this one . I treated it very gently , and it did n't last long at all .
 I bought the mojo a little over a year ago and we 've had the best of times together -- that is , until recently.To begin with my mojo absolutely refused to play either MP3 cds or normal audio cds , making extremely annoying whirring soundsIn other words , after a year -LRB- more or less -RRB- of use -- my mojo cutout and refuses to function -LRB- after being treated with the utmost respect -RRB- . It 's a complete waste of money -- DONT PURCHASE IT !!!!
 Look , I 'm not the kind of person to complain . However , when the job is n't getting done , I get angry . For just over one year , this Cd-player was the love of my life . Just after the warrentee -LRB- sp ? -RRB- expired , the cd-player died . It refuses to play any cd , audio or mp3 . It will hardly boot . It 's a major problem . I never dropped it .
 It takes them over a month to ship this item even though they say it is in stock . You also can not cancel this order you have to request them to cancel !!!!!!
 I was hoping this product would act as a coupler between my Apple DVI to S-video plug from my old MBP AND the new Display Port to DVI plug for my new MBP . Did n't do the trick . Perhaps those adaptors were not designed to do that and this product is n't at fault . My issue is with the 3 weeks of shipping coming from China . I 'm really getting annoyed with the number of Marketplace sellers on Amazon -LRB- and Buy.com and Bestbuy.com -RRB- that really do n't deserve to be associated with a reputable retailer . They do a clever job of disguising the fact that your purchase is coming all the way from China and wo n't arrive for about 3 weeks . I 'd really rather pay an extra couple of dollars and have the option of returning it if I 'm not happy with the purchase . I think Amazon needs to vet their outside sellers better .
 This CD player is `` Totally Bustable '' . It skips a lot , its colors are gruesome , it has only 8 buttons , -LRB- only 5 worked on mine -RRB- , and I dropped it from litterally 1 ' 2 '' on carpet , and it broke !! Toys R Us wouldnt even give me a new one ! It was the 4th day after I bought it , and my brother acctedenally hit it with a basketball when I was sitting on my front ledge of the driveway from 1 ' 2 '' high ! This product is n't very good at all .
 When I first bought this discman , it worked great . All it ever does is skip now . Total waste of money .
 I have had this CD player for two years . In the first year , I was very happy with it . It had good bass , nothing could make it skip , and everything worked wonderfully . However , in the second year , things started to happen . First , the anti-skip disappeared . Then , the buttons reversed . Finally , two weeks ago , I dropped it from a height of FOUR INCHES . Now , the tone is often completely off if it is held in certain positions , and there is annoying background noise somtimes . This seems to be a good CD player at first - but it has no durability or lifespan . Get something else .
 This product is not durable , breaks easily and eats your batteries ! Mine failed to work and can no longer read the cds , they spin with no sound . The buttons do as someone mentioned , get confused -- it goes back a song instead of going forward . Save your money and buy something else !
 This conversion kit did not fit my Neutrik Speakon connectors like it said it would .
 I bought this product after being caught up with the features it offered , got the product and loved it . I used all it features as soon as i got it . However one week after recieving this product it went unfunctional . My computer would not recoginse it and when i tried to power it on it will come on and freeze on the busy screen . Tried it over and over and it never worked again . ended up buying a Sony nw-s205f mp3 playerafter reading reviews over the net on this product . Seems like this product is not very good because there have been widespread problems with it . I recommend customers not to buy this product .
 I 've been burning DVDs for some time and these are by far the worst quality blank DVD+R media I 've used . I mainly use either Sony 8X or HP 16X DVD+R media with very good success rates -LRB- 99 % successful burns -RRB- . I bought these Maxells because -LRB- a -RRB- they were on sale and -LRB- b -RRB- good brand name . I was disappointed to say the least . Thinking I just bought a bad batch , I decided to get another pack but got the same results . I 've tried several burners -LRB- and several PCs -RRB- with the exact same results -LRB- 1-3 % success rate -RRB- . Given my experience , I 'd recommend staying away from this brand for DVD+R burning .
 I 've recorded over 1300 DVD 's , most of them on TDK disks -LRB- top grade -RRB- , However I tried other brands and all were acceptable except for Maxell DVD-R 's , they really suck . Never know which one will record and finalize , its a crap shoot each time I record on Maxell , very unreliable product , missed many recordings . Funny thing is some of them will record the program but wo n't finalize . Crazy ? TDK , excellent recording disk .
 bought 50 gave up after 10 coasters , my dvd burner would not read them , except for one , but after that burned it would not be read.i have used these before & have 50 + burned . I hope they do n't die on me , i will be seriously P'od .
 In years and years of video burning I 've tried every possible brand and always experienced a good percentage of failures , some more , some less , until I stumbled on a forum discussion about Maxell DVD-Rs and how incredibly good they were . So I bought a dozen of em and started burning movies ... they were great ! Fast , reliable , not a single failure . I was a happy Maxell fan for two years , until a couple of weeks ago I witnessed the day my Maxells stopped working . At the first Nero Vision transcoding failure I stood in awe , first time happening with this brand , but I thought there 's a first time for everything and immediately used another one . Another transcoding failure . Then I tried at different speeds , 8x , 4x , 2x , 16x
 First of all , I did not purchase these from Amazon so this in no way reflects on Amazon . I would just like to let anyone interested know that these DVD-R discs are worthless junk . When I first began burning my own movies to DVD I used Verbatim and experienced a 10-13 % failure rate with about 600 units , which I considered somewhat acceptable I suppose . I began using HP DVD-R discs when the others were suddenly out of stock and to my surprise I have gone through 1200 discs with not a single failure . I picked up a 50 pack of these Maxell discs when the HP were out of stock and experienced 49 failures . My new supply of HP discs arrived and I have not had any failures since.So , if you enjoy throwing your hard earned money into the weekly trash go ahead and purchase these discs . The decision is yours .
 After using Memorex media and having a 60-70 % success rate , I switched to Maxell and for at least two years had a 100 % success rate . Then came the most recent two batches . I actually still have a 100 % success rate , but while the discs have `` 8X '' printed on them , many -LRB- or all -RRB- on a given spindle burn at only 2X . The burner is brand new , and other brands of 8X media burn at 8X , so I suspect the Maxell media is at fault . Too bad , Maxell - I had planned to be a loyal customer indefinitely ...
 I usually buy a different brand of DVD-R discs . I wo n't name the other brand , but I had probably less than a 1 % failure rate with them . My store was out of them , so I bought a spindle of these so-called Digital Versatile Discs . I needed to burn 2 copies of 2 different DVDs I 'd authored . I now have the 4 burned DVDs and 6 other DVDs that failed to burn . That 's 10 tries to get 4 to burn properly ! That 's a 60 % failure rate.Why did I keep burning discs when they kept failing ? Because I have a client on his way over to pick them up . When failure is not an option you keep burning the discs until you get four to work . Luckily I am a long standing customer with my supplier , and I should get a full refund.I SHALL NOT purchase any Maxell products again .
 I 've used Maxell cassettes and VHS tapes over the years with no problems . Always a quality product ... until now . I have used two 50-packs of the Maxell DVD-R and my DVD recorder indicates a bad disk error of some sort in about 1 in 5 of these DVD-R disks . At first I thought it was the DVD recorder , but I 've since used Verbatim DVD-R and have not had one problem .10 / 8/10 update
 I bought this 50-pack of Maxell 8X DVD-R 's because I was impressed with the product description , which said that Maxell used high-quality `` metal azo dye . '' I discovered , however , that , while these DVD 's seem to work OK for data-storage purposes , they do not perform as well as I was hoping when used to create video DVDs.For whatever reason , it is possible to successfully burn and verify a video DVD that is perfectly readable and yet `` skips '' on some -LRB- or most -RRB- DVD players . These semi-random glitches seem to occur most often at the outer edge of the disc , and hence are usually noticed at the end of a long movie that fills the entire DVD . And yet the recorded DVD is perfectly readable in the sense that you can use it to produce a flawless ISO image on your hard drive
 I bought this several months ago to make some video DVDs and store all my important data , mostly photos , programs , and documents . The first time I used them , they worked fine , I did not experience any problems at all during burning and accessing files in the discs afterwards . Just recently I wanted to open all my data again but much to my anger and frustration , ALMOST ALL of the discs are inaccessible and all I got are error messages . Even those discs that are readable have either small to large chunk of data that can not be read.I have no idea these discs could deteriorate so quickly . I did n't even use them heavily . They 're still perfectly smooth , I always used them gently and always put them back to the spindle and store them away . But apparently it did n't matter , and they just broke down on their own for no reason whatsoever . Now I 've lost about 70 % of the data I 've burned to the discs and must spend countless hours again re-collecting my data from their original sources.I thought Maxell is supposed to be one of the most trusted name in this media . I often used their brand even back to the days of 5.25 floppy disks , and they were quite satisfactory . I could not say the same with this DVD-R . Perhaps I was just being unfortunate , and you might have better luck with it , but for me , I will NEVER buy any Maxell brand again for the rest of my life . EVER.So much for trying to save money and not buying an external hard drive . Sigh .
 You might as well flush your money down the toilet than waste it on this pack of DVD-R discs from Maxell ; at least there is a possibility of enjoying the aesthetics of money ride down the plumbing . These discs are supposed to work for data or video but the data often fails to load properly and the video never works . This is so incredibly disappointing as Maxell has a good reputation and I have found the previously products from this company to be of high quality , but this is simply a set of worthless and poorly made crap . Perhaps they might work as coasters , but whatever your needs are , this product can not meet them .
 Well I did n't order this from amazon got from the BX on base . Labels on product and disks say i can store 4.7 gigs of information but when i got to burn info on it , it only has 4.38 gb of free space and the file that i require burnt is 4.5 gb so i was a little disappointed
 See my review on Verbatim 2X and Verbatim 4X blank DVDs for information on buying DVDs from anyone and anywhere .
 These Discs are rated at 8X but Nero will only burn them at 1X
 We 've bought a total of seven Ceiva units for relatives and ourselves since they were first introduced . Before buying a Ceiva III you might want to consider some of the things we 've learned .1 . These things do break , so you 'd be well advised to buy extended warranty coverage - add $ 20.2 . The subscriptions are relatively expensive -LRB- $ 100/year -RRB- and have tended to get more expensive over time - in an era during which everything network-related has gotten cheaper .3 . Ceiva insists on downloading renewal notices to receivers nearing the expiration date of a subscription . As other reviewers have noted , that 's very annoying both to the people using these things and to those of us who pay for the products and services . I do n't see where Ceiva mentions this practice either on their web site or in the Terms and Conditions , but there 's nothing you can do other than complain -LRB- I have many times , to no avail -RRB- .4 . Ceiva 's sales reps will tell you that existing , unexpired subscription plans can be transferred to new units -LRB- I verified this on three separate occasions -RRB- , but in fact Ceiva will make you buy new subscriptions first .5 . Ceiva has never offered upgrade plans for older units . As an existing customer you 'll actually pay more to upgrade an older receiver in mid-subscription than will a new customer.The bottom line is that it 's difficult to recommend this product to new customers on either a value basis or for customer care . Good idea , bad execution . Pity .
 I have been using Ceiva for the last three years and found it to be an ok service for me , good to my parents who use it.During the three years , I have uploaded hundreds of photos to their service but now I am thinking of switching to a more affordable platform with better functionality -LRB- see URL
 I bought one of these for my grandmother for Christmas so she could be sent baby pictures , family pictures etc. without a computer . Fantastic - she has absolutely loved it . -LRB- We had to set it up for her - that was not necessarily intuitive and took longer than you 'd expect . -RRB- But now it 's only February , and the thing is broken - frozen on one picture for days . -LRB- And no , it 's not locked . We 've tried everything . -RRB- Customer service operates under limited hours and has impossible wait times ; they 're not available at all on weekends and they have not responded to my emails .
 In a nutshell , this Ceiva 3 picture frame and service is saved from getting 1 star , because conceptually , the service it provides is great . I am shocked that the company has been around so long and still has the feel of a start up , with product quality issues , customer service issues , and web interface issues.My first Ceiva 3 receiver came with a screen defect . This was a gift , so it was a good thing I checked to make sure it worked , otherwise my gift recipient would have to deal with all the issues that I had to deal with to get a new one shipped and working again . The only saving grace was that customer service hold times were typically short.Once you get your receiver working , it 's pretty straightforward to pull photos from your collection , and upload them . Yay.Regretfully , once you start accumulating photos on their site , their web interface for managing your photos and receivers is pretty marginal . It is not very intuitive to navigate , and there is n't something as simple as a `` back '' button , so you have to constantly cycle around in circles when you want to do things -LRB- i.e. always having to click back on `` My Photos '' and start over in the root directory -RRB- . There is also no way that I have seen where you can control the ORDER of the slideshow that gets uploaded ! That seems like pretty fundamental functionality for what this is , a digital slideshow viewer!As far as picture quality goes , again , marginal . If you are expecting the quality you see on your computer monitor , you will be gravely disappointed . Even at the highest allowable picture size and quality settings , I was disappointed . I do n't know if this is a function of the photos they are uploading , or if it is a fundamental flaw in the LCD quality they use . I know my photos are n't the issue because they were taken with a Canon 10D and typically look great.Lastly , I was also very disappointed in the off-axis viewing of the Ceiva LCD . You pretty much have to be staring right at the photo frame to get good contrast in your pictures . If you go just a bit to the left , to the right , or up or down , you lose contrast and brightness drastically . This is TERRIBLE for a picture frame that is constantly being viewed from multiple angles!It 's a shame that Ceiva pretty much has a monopoly on the digital photo receiver service industry . I think they could benefit from a little competition to keep them honest in providing better value to their customers . Perhaps that 's why their year subscriptions are so expensive -LRB- $ 100 -RRB- , their business model must assume that the customer does n't see the value and leaves after a year .
 I purchased a ceiva 3 picture frame and a wireless adapter . The wireless adapter said that all you need is wireless internet . It never mentioned that for set up you need an analog phone and software version 309 . I paid about $ 100 subscription fee and tried to set it up . I could not select the wireless option . I called the customer service and was told I needed an analog phone . I asked where that requirement was and was told it was not listed but it is necessary . I informed the rep that I had no phone and was then informed to use a fax line . Again I pointed out that I did not have an analog phone line . She was of no help.I went to a friend 's house with the phone and followed the website directions . It did not work . Again I had to call customer service . They instructed me what to do and I followed their directions . Again it did not work . I called again and was informed there was a glitch in the picture frame . I obtained directions on how to fix it . I went to a friends again and uploaded the necessary software . I returned home and followed the website instructions . Again they have not worked . This company makes no effort to help and have no customer service hours . They are terrible and I would stay away from them .
 So I bought this product knowing it would require a monthly subscription , well . . that may have been ok , if for 1 -RRB- the product had n't been such a fuss to configure ... I made several attempts with both broadband and the dial-up . . and 2 -RRB- once it was connected , it required you to send specific size pictures to the ... argh ! most annoying piece of hardware I have ever purchased ... I highly DO NOT recommend this product ... first of all , Ceiva , make a product that actually has crisp graphic displays , second give the consumer the option or perhaps paying more for a unit that simply uses a compact flash card , to cycle pictures through without a subscription , and lastly ... the business revenue model of forever charging customers for a service ... only really works if you have a product or service that people really like and want ... Ceiva executives should try and type ` Ceiva Sucks ' . . into Google , well over a 1,000 hits are returned ... this is the very first time I have returned something I bought from Amazon ... Amazon is and always will be the best and fastest way to find stuff you want ... and almost always the best price too !!
 We bought this but when we realized that you needed to pay an additional $ 99 for the annual service , we decided against it . We will be returning it.Nice idea , but in my mind it 's a bit expensive when there are so many other ways to share photo albums online . Also disappointed that the marketing/packaging for the actual unit does n't make the cost of the subscription to the service obvious .
 After unit broke , ceiva refused to honor ` life-time warranty ' and made us go through dozens of customer-support interactions repeating the same steps over and over at every call.Insisted we order parts , sent the parts , had no record of sending parts at next call and insisted we order parts again , then found record of part order and expressed being very angry with us that they had sent the wrong parts and required us to repeat the process . Continued to refuse to send replacement and said their warranty only meant they would try and repair the device if we mailed it back to them at our own expense . ** serious time waster
 I ordered the newest/latest/greatest Ceivas . Two of them . Bundled with 2 one year picture plans . Also ordered 2 wireless adapters and had to buy a router for my father 's computer for the Ceiva to run wireless . I was a previous -LRB- wired -RRB- Ceiva customer and understand how the product works.They were delayed in shipping but arrived the last shipping day before Christmas.So far , we have talked to Ceiva reps 7 times over 3 days . Incredibly , they were not even able to register the serial number of one of the frames . The other frame is registered , but does not work via wireless . They have explained on successive occasions that there is a software issue ; computer problems ; wireless technicians busy -LRB- and will call me later -RRB- , etc. . Meanwhile , their website states that their network `` is fully functional `` I just hung up the phone with my father who had spent quite some time on the phone with Ceiva and accomplished nothing and is very frustrated . Gee , nothing like trying to give your dear father some Christmas Cheer and he ends up yelling at you 3 days later over this great gift you bought . Not a good feeling.I do n't know what their issue is with the Wireless connection . Whatever it is , they need to get it right before they decide to market it to the masses .
 Ordered 3 weeks before Christmas this year . Was told several times that the frames were backordered and would not ship out until the week before Christmas , but that they would be expeditied.Come the last shipping day before Christmas and they are still backordered . Customer service is of no help.How is it that a company can make one -LRB- and only one -RRB- product and still not be able to come close to making Christmas needs ? I mean , they could have locked me -LRB- 3 frames -RRB- in for life as a customer with their wildly overpriced $ 12 a month service . The first year was included with the frames we bought , but I have no doubt that we would have kept the service for ease of use . I DO N'T UNDERSTAND HOW THEY CAN SCREW IT UP THIS BAD !!!!
 Before attempting to purchase a Ceiva from Amazon , I called the company to inquire about the advertised rebates . I wanted to buy two frames for both sets of grandparents ... what a great idea ... we could download pictures of our family for them to see on Christmas!However , read the fine print on the rebate policy . They require that you have the receipt AND tear out the UPC code off the box . So , we would have to call the grandparents on Christmas morning and ask them to cut out the UPC code and mail it back to us . Not a real nice thing to do with a Christmas present.I spoke to the service manager and explained that most of their product is probably used for gifts , could I simply send in the receipt ? Nope . `` That 's not our policy '' . Do n't you love it when a company moves away from addressing customer 's needs?Why must you cut up the box to cut out the UPC code ? The company can verify that the product was n't returned by the subscription that is required with it.Also , their monthly charges are way too high for the service they are providing . There are plenty of photo sites that allow unlimited storage for less than Ceiva is charging . $ 9.95 is excessive ... in my opinion.One final note ... I wrote customer service about my concerns and requested the courtesy of a reply . No reply . I avoid companies that do n't respond to written communication .
 What a disappointment when Christmas morning my son started to set up the Ceiva 3 only to find that it would cost another 159.95 per year to make it work . We went back to the box looking in disbelief that we had missed this important information . BUT THE ADDITIONAL COST IS NO WHERE TO BE FOUND . It says `` free '' but no mention of the additional 99.95 to 159.95 needed to use their product . Such deception should not be allowed by companies who use Amazon to sell their products . We are sending this item back . If they deceived us once , how can they be trusted ? Shame on Ceiva ! I will never again fail to read the reviews BEFORE I BUY .
 This thing is such a scam ! It is nothing but a doorstop unless you pay for their $ 100 + per year service ! They do a great job of hiding this fact ! The Amazon product desciption has no obvious notice . Neither does the box ! My wife did n't find out until she was on their website reading the FAQ trying to figure out how to work this thing . The only place she saw it is in a question , `` Can I use CEIVA BROADBAND to send pictures directly to my Receiver from my computer ? '' . Buried between-the-lines amongst some marketing B.S. is the answer
 This was my first pen tablet.So I did n't know if this product was good or bad.It 's cheap comparing with other kinds of pen tablet , so I did n't really wonder.But my mom gave me an another kind of pen tablet -LRB- which is Bamboo 's pen tablet -RRB- , and that quality was so high.With this pen tablet , I could n't draw where I wanted.It was still easier than with a mouse , but as a pen tablet , it sucked.If you are buying your first pen tablet , I do n't recommend this one.Otherwise you 'll think you ca n't draw well on the computer and give up.With a good kind of pen tablet , you can draw better than you think.I promise , this product is n't good at all .
 The photo of this tablet makes it look like has a built-in LCD screen to draw on . That 's a feature normally found only in very expensive tablets , and it 's not reflected in the specs for this product . Someone is playing games here . Beware .
 I had to buy this for a class and ca n't install it properly on my macbook . It says it works with Mac OS 10.2.8 and above , but it does n't . I have Leopard . The software wo n't install and the instruction manual only has instructions for PCs . The customer service number on the box is in Taiwan too . Do n't waste time buying this ; you 'll only have to return it .
 I use this tablet to write Chinese characters . Writing them works in Windows 7 Ultimate , after a fashion . So does optical character recognition , after download and installation of the Simplified Chinese Language Pack from the Windows Update Website.However , the handling of the stylus is skittish
 I would not reccomend buying this product . I bought if for myself around the holidays because of the good price . It worked great for about a month and a half , but then up and died on me . That 's what I get for going for the bottom-of-the-line product .
 Do n't bother spending your money , it 's not worth the $ 10 I spent for it . It is totally useless , and wo n't even turn the laptop on . A total waste !!!!!!!!
 This is a fire hazzard waiting to happen . I had it for about 1 1/2 months and I went to go plug it into the wall and it started shooting out lots of sparks . Is there anyway to get amazon to not allow this garbage on amazon ?
 I bought two of these , one for a Dell Inspiron 6000 and the other for an Inspiron E1505 . Both of the cords started to fray almost immediately . I tried taping them with electrical tape , but one of the cords shorted out while my wife was using it . It crackled and popped and almost caught the hardwood floor on fire ! When I contacted the company , they sent me two replacement `` High Quality '' power cords which did the same exact thing ! Please do not buy this product !
 A couple of differences between this product and the original Dell product :1 . 3 prong instead of original 2 prong connector to the wall plug2 . Shorter than original cord and makes it cumbersome to use.I do not recommend this as a replacement A/C adapter for original Dell product .
 I think that 6 months life expectancy is too short , even for the Chinese junk . That is , how long this adapter was working for me before I buried it . The price is good , but I wonder
 I have gone through two of these adapters in a year , and I am not at all hard on my computer . The flexible rubber piece that is supposed to protect the wires where the cord plugs into the computer is so cheap it splits after about a month 's use , maybe a little longer if you are lucky . After that the wires are left exposed - which is dangerous and leaves the cords unprotected and more prone to break down over time . If you buy this cord expect to have to replace it after about 6 months or less . The person who gave the 4 star review has only had his for a month - so just give it some time and I am sure he will be regretting his purchase soon . The power cord should last the life of the computer , yet for some reason Dell 's never seem to make it - hmmm.Also , if you are an E1505 owner like me you know that without the computer pluged in you are n't going to be able to see much on your screen , so if you do have an E1505 please ignore the comment made by the 4-star reviewer that if you ` unplug your computer after its charged you 'll be fine . ' You do n't have that luxury with today 's high def screens that suck your battery dry .
 I bought this for an Inspiron E1505 , just like advertised . It worked but burned out in a week , what a waste , if you have to buy a new one every two weeks . Dont Buy this charger , it will just burn out on you
 I bought this after my Dell A/C adapter crapped out . I thought it was a pretty decent price . So I bought it . When I got it , plugged it in , and it sparked a little . So I took it out checked it and everything . SO I plugged it in a different plug . Did n't do it . So I popped it in to my laptop . And it worked.About a month and a half later of random sparking , and overheating , it finally pretty much stopped working . It wo n't charge the battery but it will hold the charge my battery has . Which thankfully is fully charged.This adapter would get so hot it 'd overheat the computer , and the mouse would go funny . It would n't work right , you could n't move the mouse.A couple of weeks ago I had to take the power cord out , plug it back into the adapter , plug it back into the computer and rotate the plug that goes into the back of the computer . JUST for it to register that it was even plugged in . But it would not charge the computer.So all in all , I would NOT recommened this `` product '' to Anyone.Save the 20 bucks you 'll waste on this , and another five for the year , and spring for a Dell adapter .
 Not enough voltage for my Dell Inspiron E1505 and my battery is new but it wo n't charge the battery . Maybe that 's why it 's so cheap .
 I 've owned FIVE of these in two years - They keep breaking ! Last night my current one burned out so I 've had to order another to keep using my laptop.On the Dell website they sell these adapters for $ 80 , $ 20 is a stretch as is.If you 're lucky , the protective wire casing wont split open . The first two I owned died because of the casing splitting open . I 've actually learned to reinforce the plug that goes into the laptop with ducktape and toothpicks to keep it stiff . You also have to worry about it randomly burning out or overloading . In which case it 'll emit an insanely high beeping noise .11 / 2/08Update
 Of course when my charger stopped working I scrambled to order another adapter . It did n't even occur to me to read the reviews on Amazon because I just needed to get my precious laptop back.This adapter is terrible . It barely fits into the port , and I actually have to loop the cord over the corner of my laptop to force it to stay in place . Of course , half the time it does n't stay in place and is constantly pulling out of my laptop . I only bought it a month ago , and yet the wires are already showing as the black cover pulls away from the battery pack -LRB- not unsafely -RRB- . Also , the cord is much , much too short and is constantly pulling out of the wall.Do not buy .
 I am using this product with a JetDirect print server . It scans , faxes , and prints over my network with no problems.BUT , the scanner carriage wastes time traveling to the opposite side for ADF scanning . It wasted even more time when the carriage would doulble pass per page using the ADF until I upgraded to the lastest firmware . The scanner carriage has a nervous twitching habit for no apparent reason . For faxing , this product is snobby when it come to socializing with other -LRB- COMM ERROR 321 -RRB- fax machines , whereas the competitive products talk just fine to all fax machines using my same senario . YES ... I have a clean phone line . YES ... I 've tried all possible combinations of V. 34 and ECM being either on or off . I 've been into the Developer 's Menu . Have no clue on solving the fax issue in here . PRINTING IS FLAWLESS . If this poduct could digest some attention deficit disorder medication , then it would have some potential .
 After warranty the scanner will have problems and will give you error and nothing else will work . You waste whole bunch of time to make it work and again same problem . After about half an hour or so , if you lift lid or touch any button related to scanner , you go back to the problem . If the power goes off and comes back , be ready for a problem.Now it says no print cartridge . There is print cartridge . The things that bring out the cartridge are cheap and now get stuck . The door is now getting stuck . Basically , this is one cheap piece of sh ** for $ 700 new.The only thing it does well is print ... it is fast and clear . However , it 's not necessarily straight . 1 out of 100 . 1/10 is not low enough . HP sucks . I have boycotted HP . I do n't care what they come out with . I will never in my life buy another HP product ... no laptops , no phones , no printers ... nothing . I do n't care if they have HP bottled water . I wo n't buy it . I really enjoyed the video on Youtube that shows the soldier destroying the HP printer with gun power . I think that as more people realize HP 's lack of quality and ethics , the less they will buy . With major sales problems , HP only has the choice to make high quality products or go out of business , which I support either idea . By the way , I 've had experience with 3 different All in one HP printers and they all had their problems . The other two were related to greedy HP tactics - one the printer would n't print because the cartridge was past ` expiration date ' . The other the color ink meter was going lower even though I was printing B&W. ; In my opinion , it seems that HP are the loan sharks of the printing business . Right now , I 'd rather buy a good $ 100 for $ 1000 than pay $ 100 for a $ 1000 HP Printer ... well I might take it and sell it on Ebay but not for my own use . I even emailed the CEO and did n't get an answer . Hey CEO of HP , why do n't you answer ? I guess got ta use some tactics to get short term stock profits to satisfy the stockholders in the quarterly reports .
 `` This versatile remote allows users to operate virtually all home entertainment equipment '' ... in their dreams!We got this remote to replace the four remotes we had in our living room setup . After some work , it could control the TV , VCR and DirecTV , but there just was no way to get it to control our Bose DVD system.After ordering a more expensive learning remote for our living room setup , we though maybe we could use the Jasco for our lower tech combo in our bed room ; after all , we did n't have Bose equipment there . However , in there it would n't control the bottom of the line mass produced Phillips DVD player -- there was only one possible code for Phillips DVD , and it did n't work!Don ' t get this unless you KNOW for a FACT that it controls every device you want it to . Otherwise it 's a crap shoot . We gave ours to Good Will .
 Right now this product does not have a `` resume '' feature , which to me is a must for an MP3 player unless you only listen to short songs - and do n't listen to spoken-word programs or books-via-MP3 .
 I 've had three or four of these , three of them were gotten under warranty when they product stopped working . They work fine for about a year , then something seems to happen either with the software or the transmission of power between the battery and the device . I was so tired of sending them back that I went and bought another brand of MP3 player.On the plus side , and the reason I give it a two instead of one stars is that it really had good sound quality . Also , it was the perfect size and had the right features for me at that time . And , it was water resistant and reasonably shatterproof .
 Purchased this MP3 player through TigerDirect.com.I had to reformat it after only 1 day because it has a glitch that puts it in permanent wait mode until it 's reformatted . Even then it took me almost an hour to do it , because it put the computer on wait mode , too ! Ridiculous !!! If that was n't bad enough , the increase volume button stopped working after 3 days . We were able to turn the volume down to 00 -LRB- mute -RRB- but had no way of increasing the volume , because the button does n't work!This MP3 player is complete junk - I 'm in the process of trying to get TigerDirect to replace it ... I 've yet to see!If you want a mp3 player that actually works , do n't get this one !!
 When I removed the cable , the recepticle came off with the cable .
 We purchased this stool for our photo booth . First it took much longer to be delivered than originally stated . Then at the 3rd event we used it the stool broke . A gentleman was sitting and his wife was propped on his knee -LRB- both were average weight and height -RRB- and the legs bent and they both fell on the floor . The stool 's legs were bent past the point of being fixable . We had to buy a new stool .
 This product broke within 2 weeks of use . The `` forward '' button went out first and then it rattled like something broke on the inside . It no longer works at all . Disappointing product !
 The Ultra Hydra is conceptually a great device . Water / weather resistant , cool looks , voice recorder and radio as well as music player , runs on regular AAA batteries not some expensive specialty battery ... But , unfortunately , when I bought mine , and followed the instructions exactly , it had problems
 item broke within 2 weeks . returned for credit only . enjoyed it while it lasted . would have rather had an exchange .
 It took me a few days to open the package and check the memory . Outside it looked okay but when I put this memory stick into my computer , my computer would not boot . I put the original memory back in and it booted . So I do not recommend anyone to buy memory from this seller .
 Bought a Starview KVM SV431UADVI only to realize that it does not work with Windows 7 64 bit . Poor support on the website !!
 I feel that this lens seems a lot slower then my others . Since this is not a lens that I must use since I have a better lens at the same focal length I rarely use it . I do n't recommend it but others might like it .
 Why would Sony make a 5-disk CD/DVD changer that ca n't even shuffle tracks on all 5 CDs?I bought this model because I wanted something that was as good as my old 5-CD changer but could also play DVDs . Little did I know that Sony had put a 5-disk tray into a DVD player with the reading ability of a single disk player , and then jacked up the price.In addition , I have to unplug the model to reset it once a week or so . If I do n't , it starts chirping like a cricket during playback.If you 're looking for a good 5-disk changer , DO N'T go with this model !
 Let me preface this by saying that I own the soft version of this for my Canon G4 with the moveable viewfinder and I LOVE it . I also own/love the hood for my laptop by this company.So I was aghast to find that this item was the polar opposite - terrible ! Not because it does n't shade the display -LRB- which it DOES -RRB- , but because after you look at the display and decide to take another shot , if you move to look through the viewfinder of the camera again you narrowly miss putting your eye out on the sharp/solid metal shade.Yes , in theory , you would close the shade first before looking through the viewfinder again -LRB- avoiding the danger -RRB- , but in the heat of the moment -LRB- especially if trying to catch a quick/moving subject , like a bird -RRB- I continually forget . I thought it was just a matter of training myself to remember , but after the third time in as many minutes , I knew it was n't worth the risk - I was EXTREMELY lucky that I did n't seriously injure myself . I guess I need to get the new Canon 60D with the movable viewfinder -LRB- finally ! -RRB- instead .
 This cover only attaches at the top -LRB- it replaces the viewfinder cover -RRB- . and can get snagged very easily on the bottom where it is NOT connected to the camera , such as when you put the camera in your bag . Mine is broke , so now the viewfinder piece and the rest of the body are separated . And the two side doors that spring out to hold up the hood when looking at rear LCD are flimsy . One of the side pieces broke at the base after only a few uses -LRB- and I 'm not rough on my camera equipment -RRB- . Hoodman needs to provide method to attach to the bottom , even if its some sort of adhesive . I suppose it would be nice if camera makers added some feature to allow for installion of this type of thing , but if they did , it would be proprietary they would charge 3x the price of Hoodman .
 this does not even fit a dell 4600 i put that up on the search and it brought me to this and i bought it and it dosn , t even fit dont say it fits dell if it dosnt .
 I got this item through Amazon while I was leaving on a Denver - Seattle drive -LRB- 1300 miles -RRB- in about a week and 2 days . I ordered this with the so called expedited shipping option because I needed it quickly . It literally took more than a full week to receive this item ! It arrived on the day I was leaving ... I paid $ 29 to get it shipped , for an item that cost $ 57 dollars , and it took over a week to get it ! In the meantime I also ordered a GPS antenna from another online vendor and I paid them $ 18 to fedex it overnight , and it showed up at my house the next morning . Bad , bad Amazon !!! So when I realized that I might not get the Garmin Auto Kit before I had to leave on my trip , I just went to Radioshack and got one of those adjustable cell phone holders that you adjust to fit the width of your mobile device and then attach it to one of the air vents in the center console . I also got a universal power adapter they looked up for the iQue . The Radioshack setup worked perfectly and was half the cost.Once I got the Garmin Auto Navigation Kit on the day of my departure I realized that in my vehicle -LRB- Nissan Pathfinder -RRB- the dashboard is raised on the driver side so the distance between the dash and the windshield was too narrow to fit the Garmin auto kit with the iQue inserted , it simply did not fit on the dashboard . In order to use the Garmin Auto Kit It would need to sit on the center console down by the shifter or on the passenger side of the dash which is completely out of sight and distracting , not to mention dangerous to look at while driving.So in other words it cost me almost 90 bucks to learn that this item is not the right setup for my car ... I should have ordered the Garmin suction cup kit instead . However I am now getting around with my $ 30 Radioshack workaround just great ! So do your research before ordering this item .
 Did n't hold a charge . I thought I might be able to go with a cheaper battery to save cash . This was just a waste . Very large waste .
 This is the first Sony product that I 've ever owned that I was truely disappointed with . Its DVD player makes a high pitched whirring noise when playing , and stops frequently during chapter changes . Also , if there is the tiniest of scratches or smudge on the DVD , it will skip , stop , or simply not play it . On the bright side , the VCR works perfectly . One other major gripe , if the power shuts off for half of a second , you 'll need to reset the time which is a pain in the butt . I 'm a Sony fan , but this one is a dud .
 I went to place a DVD in the tray . I pushed the eject button and nothing happened . I pushed it again and waited . then smoke started coming out of the tray area . I wanted people to know so they can be careful . I would personally take it back before something happens . Mine is in the trash . What a waste . It worked fine until then . I read the other reviews and I am not even going to bother calling Sony . I am going to report it to Consumer Report . Be Careful .
 I bought this for my Dad since he still wanted the VCR option . Initially worked great . Then like so many others here have stated , the DVD died . I 'm handy with electronics so I opened it up and nothing looked bad . My guess it that it was made with inferior parts and built with cheap labor . Hey SONY , this is what you get for outsourcing your manufacturing . Cheap Labor makes cheap quality . Too bad . We have older SONY products like tape decks , stereos , radios , etc that were built like tanks and they are still working -LRB- 30 + years -RRB- . Today , its not so with their products . I still buy Panasonic more these days . They seem to be one of the last strongholds . You pay more for Panasonic but their stuff is more durable ; still have several old appliances from them to this day . We tossed the SLV-D550P for a Panasonic VCR-DVD combo . Only had one problem with the PROM that needed to be reflashed for the DVD . Called customer service and got excellent support . Gave over the phone diagnostic and sent us the CD to reflash the unit ; simple procedure . Worked great ever since . Think SONY would ever do this for the average consumer ? NO !
 This player looked nice and had the name , but boy is it a piece of Junk . The DVD player takes forever to load a disk . It even takes forever just to eject a disk . PLUS it stopped working after just 4 months !!! I 'll think many times before I buy a Sony product again .
 Hardly used this and it broke what a piece of CRAP dont waste your money on SONY !!
 this is the worst dvd/vcr player i have ever had and seen ... after couple of months it is not working even though it is `` sony `` Dont buy it you will be very dissapointed ... P.S 1 Star because i couldnt vote for less . .
 I purchased this DVD/VCR combo and for a few months it worked fine . After this it became a nightmare , first the picture would break up , then it would just stop working and turn itself off . After a couple of days of this , I called for service to Sony . Getting it serviced under warranty was even worse . This is why if you want to buy a DVD/VCR combo I suggest you find another brand that will make itself responsible for it 's product.Good Luck
 This unit worked for 6 months only and then it broke . It 's a very poor investment and I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 This is the only Sony product I have ever been disappointed in . I bought it both for the Sony brand name and the VCR + feature . I wanted to use it mainly to play old tapes and time shift tv shows -LRB- and buzz through the ads -RRB- , and maybe watch the occasional rented dvd . The vcr playback is crummy -- through a glass darkly and fuzzily . The picture quality in the one dvd I played was okay but not wonderful . It 's not even tall enough to use as a footstool . I ca n't even throw it away ; the trash collectors wo n't accept electronics . I 'm really disappointed with Sony . -LRB- Think I 'm going to buy another Sony anything real soon ? -RRB-
 This DVD player should not be sold by anyone . This product lasted less than 30 days and I purchased it as a gift for someone else . I also own the SLV - D350 combo which was working at the time I placed the order on this one . It has since broken less than 8 months from the original purchase date and I barely used it.I would suggest that money spent elsewhere on practically any other manufacturer would be better spent.The sad part is I love Sony and have a television and digital camera which they manufacture and I love them ! Someone needs to get them out of the DVD business and make them stick to the things they know best !
 Like many of the others I buy SONY , no need for reviews , I assumed I was buying a quality product . It amazed me to see in several review sites , how the average life cycle is nine months ! Well , I bought mine on July 17 , 2005 and is not working since January 17 , 2006 ; 6 months exactly . The warranty is good for 90 days and after that I have to pay for both shipping the item and the return and labor , the warranty only covers the parts . My problem ? the VHS works ; the DVD sound comes and goes . The cost of what SONY wants me to do is almost what I paid for this piece of junk . After I said NO , they offered me a refurbished one for $ 35 ! . How many have they gotten back ?!! No thank you . It is just sad to see how a good company is riding on its good name and no longer cares what product it offers its FAITHFULL customers . After reading more reviews , DO N'T accept the refurbirshed version either , for many people on CNET they have NOT worked !
 I had this piece of junk for 93 days and the S-video out plug just died . So I payed $ 33 to have it `` repaired '' This means they sent me a refurbed model that did n't work either . It was worse than the one I sent in only about half the buttons on the front of the unit work and it will not play new DVD 's all the way through it usually craps out and just freezes and I have to unplug the unit It does n't look like Sony is going to `` repair '' the refurb model they sent me either . Buyer Beware of Sony Products and Service
 The picture quality may be great , but the remote is very difficult to use because the buttons are tiny and are all alike . Programming is very cumbersome to get through -LRB- can not enter numbers , must scroll -RRB- , with some really wierd quirks -LRB- for instance , it defaults to a 30 minute recording , requiring you to scroll through 30 minutes of timer to tape a typical 1 hour show -RRB- .
 Now , after what appears to be a standard 9 month life expectancy , every DVD I put in the player now results in the message `` Error '' . Actually , the VCR player still works great . I guess now I 'm expected to be ghetto and buy a new DVD player and stack it on top of the broken one , so I still have a VCR player ! I guess you ca n't even trust a name that has a proven track record of quality products . I know it will be more trouble than it 's worth to try to fix it !
 it jammed video tapes right away , including brandnew one 's . After 5 months the dvd stopped working altogether.I trusted Sony and did n't keep the receipt , too bad .
 I bought these for $ 120 and was not thrilled - I 'm an electronica producer so I may be biased but do have an appreciation for accuracy . These have little to no bass and were tiresome to my ears in both fit and fatigue due to sharpness of highs and midrange . Oh yeah , I burned them in - must have had over seventy hours on them before my cats chewed them up -LRB- those bastards -RRB- ... But I bought a pair of the Sennheiser CX300 's and now feel the cats did me a favor . Much more comfortable , priced at a third of these and have excellent bass response with smooth highs ... it 's all subjective when it comes to earphones but this was my experience .
 These earphones are not the best that Audio Technica has produced . Their ck7 is a better product for less money . I believe that it is a design problem . They may be too small for their own good . The should fit in the ear better based upon the angle that it is designed to fit into the ear . It seems that the neck out to be longer and come with a bigger sized ear gel or ear foam piece to ensure better sound isolation . When I tinker with them in the fitting , I can achieve a pretty good sound with better than adequate bass response that is pretty tight and precise , but it is so difficult to achieve the proper fit . I have noticed the same problem with the CK10.Because of these problems , I have not been willing to give their double or triple armiture earphones a try . They are just too expensive to simply try them out knowing that most vendors will not take earphones back for hygene reasons . The CK7 's are really a good deal .
 Shame on Sony ! I had a 10 year old Sony Trinitron -LRB- which was great -RRB- that broke , so I bought this mess of a TV . Granted , I have basic , analog cable , but come on ! There are 4 color choices - Pro , Vivid , Standard and Movie - and one is just as bad as the other . You have to change these and the other Picture settings for each TV program . The face color is either too red or too green . I do n't if it 's the comb filters or what , but the whites -LRB- letters , clothes , whatever -RRB- are all out of focus ... I was squinting and trying to focus every minute watching Jeopardy . And anything in the background is out of focus . Thank goodness I had 30 days to return it to Circuit City , which I did . Now I 'm using my son 's old Philips -LRB- better picture than the Sony -RRB- and I would hang onto it except it is so old , there is no hook-up for VCR or DVD . The only 2 good things about the Sony are it looks nice and the sound is good . Put your money elsewhere , not here . It stinks !
 It worked for a short time -LRB- couple of months -RRB- ... the `` green light '' goes on still and CPU/laptop reads it , but when you connect anything into it , nothing is recognized .
 Bought two of these HDMI cables along with a new Samsung TV and Blu-Ray player . While watching Blu-Rays & DVDs all of sudden the picture and sound on the TV went blank and would stay that way for several minutes or until I turned the TV/player on & off . I finally decided to swap HDMI cables with good ones I had and knew worked well and the problem has completely gone away . Glad I did n't return the Blu-Ray player . Beware , quality is spotty .
 I purchases these cables because of their low price . However i would have been better off with a more expensive HDMI cable that actually functioned . After several days of use , connected from my amplifier to my television , the picture would blink in and out until completely failing . A waste a my money , i will be buying a new cable from a better brand .
 I bought a few of these HDMI cables the same time I bought a new bluray player and received them at the same time . I hooked them up to my Bluray player in my bedroom and tested my player out with Brave noticed the picture quality was grainy compaired to the movie being played on the family 's TV in the living room , where the picture was crystal clear . Brave for those who do n't know is a CGI animated movie that was released earlier this year . It 's not supposed to look grainy . And to make matters worse whenever I push the popup menu button on the remote the screen went blank , then the No signal detected message came on the TV screen . I could n't get rid of it until I literally detatch the cable from the back of the player and reattach it.I thought I got a faulty cable so I replaced it with another of the four cables I bought and I got the same results . I then put blame on my bluray player and got it replaced . During the wait between getting the replacement bluray player I hooked up the first HDMI cable I used on the bluray player to the HD cable receiver on the family 's TV and got a grainy picture on every HD channel . I took it out and replaced it with the original HDMI cable I got from Monoprice and the HD channels looked clearer . I did research and found out that Bluray players and newer model HD and HDDVR cable boxes require a High Speed HDMI cable for `` optimal performance '' . Reread this pages ' specs for these HDMI cables and it did n't say it was high speed.Got the replacement bluray player and the retailer was kind enough to include a HDMI cable which was high speed . Needless to say the picture quality was superb and it did n't konk out when I pushed the popup menu button . I blame myself for not realizing it was the cable 's fault and for not doing the research.To sum it up these HDMI cables are basically obsolete and to get certified high speed HDMI cables . They may cost a couple bucks more but they 're worth it .
 Did not work when connected directly to the TV from a Roku or XBox 360 . Not going to cry about it b/c of the price , but if you 're trying it for either of those devices do n't bother .
 Got 2 of theese . Tried both on the same monitor , bad picture . Tried another cheap brand and got a perfect picture .
 -LSB- Low rating is for delivery condition only - identical smaller screen Sony Trinitron WEGA TVs have been 5 star purchases -RSB- Other reviewers warning against having this size TV shipped to you are offering sound advice : The unreinforced carton measures 31 '' x 25 '' x 23 '' and has a curb weight of 85 lbs -LRB- shipped via UPS -- very awkward for one delivery person to wrestle -RRB- . The molded styro packing was the same thickness the company uses on its smaller TVs ; the carton had no internal bracing to protect the contents from shifting.Previous deliveries of smaller units had turned out well ; however , for this one , the TV 's case surrounding the screen was in pieces - every corner had been smashed .
 I bought this model a year and a half ago , and it worked fine , until one day -LRB- After the 1-year warranty expired -RRB- for no apparent reason those horizontal green lines appeared , and the picture lost a lot of its quality . This TV is still practically new . Not happy .
 I purchased this televison which arrived damaged . The casing on top of the unit was cracked , and it did not operate at all . I assume it was dropped during shipping . Amazon was great doing the exchange to a new one , but we are having problems with the new one as well . There are green horizontal lines across the screen , and the ports on the front for video games do not work properly . This all started about three weeks after it arrived . Since I threw the huge box away after 2 weeks of ownership , I can not exchange it again . I have to call Sony for repair service . I do not recommend this Television .
 I bought it because of the other excellent comparative reviews . Unfortunately it arrived utterly destroyed . Even the foam packing was all in little pieces -- all the king 's horses and all the king 's men could n't help me with this one .
 i was very pleased with this tv for the whole 14 months that it lived before dying of a bad picture tube . apparently this is a common problem with this tv but sony declines to acknowledge it or treat it as a situation deserving of recall status . of course i had chosen to go with sony because of their great reputation , but now i will steer clear of sony products in the future . think twice , then think again .
 I have had nothing but problems with this computer in the last 9 months I 've been using it , and I am eager to upgrade to a new laptop computer . Personally , I did n't use the notebook on-screen writing features enough to make this a worthwhile buy . I have found that I type and use a mouse much faster than I can work on-screen . I keep my computer at low memory usage and I never put non-mainstream software on it , plus I run a virus scanner , so I can only point to the computer itself as the source of my many , many problems with this product . It gets `` cranky '' being left on for more than a week in my docking station . It will go to sleep and not respond to the power button , so that the only way to get it to reboot and come back to life is to remove the battery and the power . This ca n't be good for the computer , and it happens about once a week.Also , my programs will randomly stop responding if I leave the computer on too long . Eudora and Internet Explorer will be missing . exes or files to run , and I 'll have to reboot , and everything will be fine.Another trauma I 've had is with the mouse port . Everytime I reboot , if an external mouse is plugged it , the cursor starts moving and clicking in the direction of the upper screen all on its own . I 've tried half a dozen different mouses , all with the same result . The only way to avoid the problem is to reboot with the mouse unplugged and then plug it back in afterwards.My final complaint is that the computer will ONLY work with its inherent screen resolution . It will not put out 1280 x 1024 resolution to my external monitor -LRB- when it is in the docking station -RRB- on a regular basis . I can change it during a session , but when I reboot -LRB- which is frequently due to the other errors -RRB- , it returns to its native resolution . This has been an on-going frustration.I will never purchase another Fujitsu product . I 'm going back to Dell for now .
 I can not give a review of the Canon 12x36 Stabilization II Binoculars is because the Pair ordered in late November for a Christmas present came without a Warranty Card , and at best gray market merchandise . I returned then to A.A.E. because after numerous calls they would not furnish the Canon/USA warranty . Then even with a return Return Authorization Number A.A.E played the `` We did n't get it game '' . It took a Federal Express Investigator to smoke the binocular out . Today I may still be out some $ 600.00 , as the case is still pending with Discover Card.The good news is bought a pair of Steiner Binoculars for a little more from Optics Planet , Inc with a full 30 year warranty and a factory new product.To date I no of no action take by Amazon to help me -LRB- their customer -RRB- or any action take against their unscrupulous 3rd party vendor.Today you pay for everything you get , but do n't get what you pay for .
 Yes , it 's small , yes the battery life is excellent and I have to admit that the sound is not bad . That 's where it stops with this product . One of the tricky things is when you have to slide the side button in the particular play mode of your choice . The slider button is extremely difficult to adjust.Here 's the worst of this product
 Got mine -LRB- blue version of this -RRB- from Sonystyle.com just yesterday . After playing with it for a few hrs here are my impressions.First and foremost the mp3 playback quality is atrocious . 128kbps files sound like 64kbps or lower . Even my no-brand-name cheap mp3/cd player has better mp3 quality.I suspect the codec/DSP in the Sony are still designed for their propreitary ATRAC3 plus format with a secondary mp3 support . In fact converting a mp3 file to Atrac3plus -LRB- with included software -RRB- sounded better than just mp3 file . Inspite of this hassle , it was still below mp3 quality from other players.The battery life seems to be in line with the specs listed by Sony . No complaints on that front . The backlight LCD display is a nice bonus too . The size/volume is significantly more than the iPod Shuffle.The user interface is more loaded than such a small palyer can withstand . As a result it more cumbersome and confusing than Apple/iRiver players.In short this awkwardly named `` mp3 '' music player is a step in right direction for Sony but is still below average . Price is right but not the quality .
 I like the quality of the case and battery . Apart from these two items other items are just junk , packed to look the package big . Does n't worth the price . I did n't returned because the return policy with the seller was not that good .
 The Solo 17-inch Business case looks good in the pictures , but is poor quality construction . The side panel material was lose right out of the box and continued to loosen over a short period of time . The side material dents easily and the lid is out of adjustment with very little use . I like the look of the case , but not the quality . My 17.3 inch screen laptop fits perfectly in the case and has more protection than a soft-side bag . I do not recommend this item .
 The biggest and most serious drawback I ever faced -LRB- because of which I have not been able to use the player even once -RRB- was the format incompatibility with mp3.This player does not play mp3 files !!! It only recognizes a proprietary format called ATTRAC3 and these songs can only be downloaded using Sonic Stage , provided along with the product . Note that there is NO WAY you can play a song w/o installing sonic and runnning Sonic Stage first on your PC.Due to numerous issues and its incompatibilty with OS versions etc. most people are not even able to run the software therby renderingt he product useless .
 Sony 's proprietary software really sucks . Hard to tranfer mp3 , wma files to network walkman . Unable to connect to Connect Music store . Unable to transfer music I bought from Connect to my walkman . That sucks ! I promise myself never buying any propretary stuffs from Sony .
 What 's wrong with this device ? Well , Sony has done a great job of isolating people from the openess of music . This MP3 Player is small , and holds a lot . Unfortunatly , it requires you to use Sony 's software , SonicStage . Because of this , Sony has made sure that you ca n't get any online songs from anyone else . `` At this time , online music services such as the Roxio Napster , Listen.com Rhapsody , or Apple iTunes Music Store are not directly compatible with the Net MD Walkman recorder or Network Walkman player . `` This means your using Sony 's CONNECT music store to get music online . Not only is this music store hard to navigate , it does n't seem to have a lot in it.If that does n't seem bad enough , you 'd better keep your installation disc in a safe place . Sony will charge you $ 20.00 to get another copy from them.Although the MP3 player might work fine , the software and services required to use with it are terrible .
 There 's a few things too look for in a flash player.Long Battery Life . Check.LCD Screen with International Language Support . CheckGood Navigation . Ah , good enough.Price . CheckEasy to put songs in . This is the major one.Here comes the doozy.YOU can only use SonicStage Software to put files into this ` chine . No drag and drop . No drag and drop . What happens if you want to port stuff over to say a school computer ? Nope . Say you want to port stuff over to friends place . Nope . Say you want to port stuff from your friend to your place . Nope.That really sucks . Flash is more expensive than Hard Drive MP3s . If you cant use it as storage as well as listening to music then it 's not worth that extra cash wedge , battery life or no battery life .
 Got mine -LRB- 512MB , blue version of this -RRB- from Sonystyle.com just yesterday . After playing with it for a few hrs here are my impressions.First and foremost the mp3 playback quality is atrocious . 128kbps files sound like 64kbps or lower . Even my no-brand-name cheap mp3/cd player has better mp3 quality.I suspect the codec/DSP in the Sony are still designed for their propreitary ATRAC3 plus format with a secondary mp3 support . In fact converting a mp3 file to Atrac3plus -LRB- with included software -RRB- sounded better than just mp3 file . Inspite of this hassle , it was still below mp3 quality from other players.The battery life seems to be in line with the specs listed by Sony . No complaints on that front . The backlight LCD display is a nice bonus too . However size/volume is significantly more than the iPod Shuffle.The user interface is more loaded than such a small palyer can withstand . As a result it more cumbersome and confusing than Apple/iRiver players.In short this awkwardly named `` mp3 '' music player is a step in right direction for Sony but is still below average . Price is right but not the quality .
 I bought this mp3 player because1 -RRB- It 's a Sony2 -RRB- It has at least 1gb of storageI 'm returning this mp3 player because1 -RRB- No belt clip or arm band2 -RRB- Battery cover does not stay on3 -RRB- Froze the first day I used it4 -RRB- Does not have 1gb storage , more like 700mb , that 's a C-5 -RRB- No way to navigate through playlist except skipping track by track
 I have loved the unit itself . I had a minor issue in which I had to send it off for warranty work a few months after the purchase . It has worked great & I have enjoyed the quality of the MP3 player itself . The problem is that after less than 2 years of it being out , it is no longer possible to find the armband to carry it in . I have looked all over the Sony website & called their Sales department . It is not available anywhere . I have used the Google search engine looking for any place that might sell it . Amazon has a listing for it , but does not have any to sell anymore .
 This device is not a MP3 player because it just plays Sony 's audio format -LRB- ATRAC -RRB- , so you always have to convert your MP3 files into ATRAC format using a software provided by the manufacturer -LRB- that is not so easy to use -RRB- .
 The AC Adapter shipped with my Swann Super Night Owl security camera does not fit with this Swann siamese cable . I checked the Amazon reviews and another person had the same issue with the Swann 100ft Siamese cable and their Swann Maxi Day/Night Camera . Do n't even bother trying to contact Swanns technical support - I gave up after a month of trying to get some help from them with no response . I ended up just buying a siamese cable from another manufacturer . You may save a few bucks buying a swann camera but it will cost you more in the long run with their disappointing technical support if you ever have an issue .
 I bought this because the title of the product on Amazon indicated it has a `` wall-mount '' option . But it does not . This does not mount on the wall and has no hardware to do this . It is an ordinary surge protector .
 I left my Computer , Printer , Monitor and Speaker on for 2 hours during an errand . When I returned , nothing was working.I unplugged the computer from the strip outlet and plugged it into the wall , it still worked . I repeated this with all the other items and they all worked . I examined the strip outlet more closely and noticed slight black marks around the last outlet , even though nothing was plugged into that specific one . I smelled it and it had a burned aroma . When my husband arrived home , he opened it up to find there had been an internal burning/fire of the on/off switch wiring right next to the last plug . Thank God this did not continue to burn through the plastic otherwise there would have been an external fire in my office ! This is not an old outlet either ... It was made in China.I have reported this to the Consumer Protection Agency and will also report it to Belkin tomorrow . I have photos as well.I 'm glad my Equipment did n't fry , but I was not pleased about the potential of a major fire .
 I had this for around 2 years , i thought it was working . I had thought it was doing its job.The wiring in my house is old , and the previous owner left surge protector outlet plugs on every outlet in the house.I plugged in this surge protector to the outlet , until 1 week ago when I removed the previous owner 's surge protector outlet plug . So this surge protector was the only thing protecting my computer.Well , what do you know , because 1 week later my computer was dead . The motherboard was fried . After turning off the power to my house for work to be done , then turning it back on , my computer which cost over a thousand was completely dead.I do not recommend this product , I do not suggest anyone to buy it . It is a terrible piece of flimsy hardware , and if you look on the internet , you 'll find reports of this appliance catching on fire , and stuff like that.I went to walmart , bought 2 surge protectors and am about to ship this one back . I doubt i 'll get compensation .
 Beware , the item is not as pictured . I 'm sure it works great but I specifically ordered a dark strip so as not to be as stark as an ordinary white one . Surprise , it 's white .
 I have been a satisfied Belkin customer for years . After being plagued with several incidents of fried computer components , I bought three of these surge protectors in September 2007 . I chose them solely because of the $ 250,000 connected equipment warranty , and because I 've always liked Belkin products . Last month a surge in the cable/ethernet burned out two NIC cards , my router , and cable modem . My internet provider replaced the modem and after much research and hassle , I filled out the Belkin claim form , documented everything , and sent them the three surge protectors . What was the result ? They denied my claim , said there was no evidence of a surge . When I protested , and asked if they thought I was lying about the fried equipment , I was told that it was n't intended to be an attack on my character . I asked to be transferred to a supervisor , who promised to get back to me in a few days after looking into my claim further . The result ? An unsigned letter in the mail , denying my claim . So save your money . These surge protectors do n't work , and you will not see a dime of the warranty . The surge protectors either show no evidence of surges afterwards , or the technical staff ca n't find the evidence , or -LRB- most likely -RRB- Belkin is just in the business of denying claims . Now I just run around at the mere prediction or rain and unplug everything . And I will never , ever buy another Belkin product . May they go bankrupt .
 My Belkin went bad and the plastic began burning . I smelt the burning plastic before it burned down my house . I filed a claim and sent the Belkin surge protector back and never heard anything from them -- not even a little postcard that my claim had been denied .
 Bought this & hooked it up to my 46in LCD HDTV & my dvd player & game system . When I turn my TV on the surge protector makes an audible noise like energy is flowing through it . The noise continues anytime while the TV is on then stops when the TV is shut off . I emailed Belkin 's customer service on this & they said the surge protector is ok & this is a known side-effect of the product . I have since bought a different surge protector -LRB- not Belkin -RRB- & have no problems . Had I known this issues with Belkin in advance I would not have purchased it .
 Had an arc jump from this unit while I was attempting to plug a component in . I thought that I was going to fry my DVD player .
 It came busted . Very disappointing . The first time that Amazon did this to me . I did n't bother returning it .
 There is no provisions for mounting the outlet on the back . I suppose you have to just leave it lay on the floor . Never seen one without it !
 works fine ... but probably could find a comparable product for a better price at your local store .
 almost burned my house down . Do n't buy . There was a recall on these . I have picks of it ... the whole inside melted . I did n't have anything on it and only two lamps plugged into it.It even burned the floor beneath .
 It worked well for a number of years . No complaints . It did what it was supposed to do ... until it did n't . I put my infant to sleep last night and smelled something odd in his room . I quietly looked around -LRB- as to not wake him -RRB- to discover smoke pouring out of the plug . Belkin 's response ? `` Sorry , its not under warranty . '' Needless to say , use at your own risk !
 In fairness I 'm not sure how much protection this product is supposed to supply but here 's what happened.My Imac , my Time Capsule and my Motorola modem were all plugged into it when we had a momentary power outage . The modem and the Time Capsule are fine but the power supply on the Imac had to be replaced.Guess it 's time to shell out a few more bucks for a replacement surge protector .
 I was happy with this surge protector until last night when we had a power surge . Using this unit properly -LRB- phone inputs/outputs , etc. -RRB- still allowed the power surge to damage my modem .
 I used my SurgeMaster for 6 years and it either did it 's job , or I did n't need it . Living in an area with a lot of power failures , I always have some concern about surges . When we had a power failure last December , it took out the power supply on my Macintosh -LRB- as well as my brand new Trivection ovens -RRB- . Luckily , replacing the Mac power supply was n't an expensive repair . I sent a claim into Belkin for the repair , and it was denied because they found nothing wrong with the SurgeMaster . I guess it was just a coincidence that my power supply died at the time of a power outage . ;--RRB- Needless to say , I wo n't be buying any other Belkin products any time soon .
 Bought one of these , it worked just fine for about a month , and then the connection became skippy , I tested it against another cord , which worked just fine so it was definitely this cable . It 's super cheap , but still not worth the money .
 i 'm sure this cable works fine , but the one i received was NOT CL2-rated . the description on the packing slip claimed it was , but the cable had no `` CL2 '' markings on it . generally when a you buy a cable that is CL2 rated , it will be printed on the cable , the one i received did NOT have CL2 printed on it . so , if you 're looking for a CL2 rated cable for in-wall usage , i would n't go w / this one.i contacted the seller . in the first email , they said it should work fine and to go ahead and use it . then when said it was NOT CL2 rated , they asked me to return it for refund , but i would not get my shipping back .
 Installed on Windows XP . All kinds of different software which is nice but can not keep cams or software from crashing computers . Cams images are fair but nothing to brag about . Yellowish image color is the problem and I found no way to adjust the image coloring . Tried on two computers with it crashing both for no apparent reason , -LRB- Blue Screens of Death -RRB- . Also the kit states it is complete for video chatting , well , there is no microphone built in.I would not recommend this kit to anyone .
 I have a Microtek scanner and just downloaded the latest drivers . It turns out Microtek wants a program called Scan Finder to load at every start-up , and there is no way to disable this . The product works satisfactorily , but for my money , I will purchase something else . Something that does n't create such a nuisance , and is n't so invasive .
 This is the worst camera that I ever bought . For the price this camera is not worth buying . Within a year and a half the camera broke . I paid another $ 130 to get it fixed and within a month , the camera would not work . Of course , the camera broke right after the warranty was up . I would never buy a canon camera again .
 The recording quality is adequate for what it 's for . I do n't plan to make movies with it . I like being able to see the front and back of my house . However , the user manual is worthless . The biggest drawback is that the wireless cameras totally knock out my wireless home network . Laptops put next to the access point ca n't find a signal . It uses the same 2.4 GHz band as home routers . Swann said there is no solution , buy a wired system . Defeats the convenience feature , does n't it ? It could possibly interrupt your neighbor 's as well . This must go for any other wireless system.I gave this product a low score because of the wireless network problem .
 if you or your neighbors a have cordless phone or wireless internet this camera is not for you . who does n't these days ?
 The cameras wo n't receive picture through a trailer wall so unless you want to use it in your living room with the receiver in your living room you do n't want to buy this product . I recommend one with a cord . I got one that is wired by phone cable and it works great .
 I experienced constant signal loss , and wireless camera was within 15 feet Line of Sight of receiver . This item cost me $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks , and it is worthless to me . I could change my opinion , if there is a secret to making them work properly . Anyway the newer CCD security cameras with at least 520 TV lines are much clearer , cleaner , and work better at night .
 There is no way to record both cameras unless you want to scan thru 2 unused channels because this item you can not lock out the 2 unused channels ! So you can waste 10 seconds of blank recordings each pass thru the channels !
 I did not receive the Item in picture . The model number was the same but it looks totally different and there was no remote control .
 Daytime the cameras work ok , not great but acceptable . Terrible low light capability , late evening on all you see is black . Do not buy if you want it for low light situations .
 Swann has a good reputation , and I do n't know if any competitive setup would perform any better , but these wireless cameras are much too sensitive to radio frequency interference to be utilized in any electronically populated area.Even with the option to tune down below the frequency of common wifi channels , I guess my cameras were still being bombarded with other frequencies - possibly from wireless phones and such . The manual is awash with `` do nots '' - keeping you from placing the cameras or the receiver anywhere near other electrical devices . These may work beautifully for surveillance in a more sterile environment , but I had awful luck with them .
 Limited range and seems to be sensitive to interference , like from home wi-fi plus microwave . Picture quality pretty good for the price but figure on having the receiver close to the cameras .
 This frame is gauche ! It is chintzy and cheaply made . I sent mine back . The pictures do n't look very good on the screen . Poor resolution . I have seen nicer regular frames at the Dollar Store . I hope this helps !
 I can recommend nothing about this product . The color is poor . The contrast is inadequate . The screen is too small . The resolution is too grainy . Need I go on ?
 I have had this item for almost a year . It worked fine for several months then the battery started messing up . It is rechargable within the unit and can not be taken out and replaced . What started happening was that after the unit charged completely the unit would turn on all by itself and run the battery down . I would charge it , put it in my purse , and then when I took it out to try to use it , it would not come on since the batter was dead . It took me some time to figure out what was happening . I called the company and they told me that since it was after my warranty had expired there was nothing they could do . I would have to buy another one . There is no way to get the battery out of the unit and replace it without destroying it , so I just bought a useless item . I am not too happy and will not purchase this item again . I will be looking for something where I may replace the battery if needed .
 I bought 2 DP-758 . I tried to use my 4G SD card from my cell phone and my digital camera , but the DP-758 would not recognize it . I had to order older -LRB- slower ? -RRB- 2G SD cards.After the DP = 758 recognized them , they run through the slide-show a couple of times , then stop at the setup screen . The menu has nowhere to set it to continuous.The resolution is n't very sharp.When I call the help line I sit on hold , being told my position in the queue . Several minutes after being told I 'm # 1 in the queue , I am told to hang up and call back at a later time because all CSRs are busy helping other customers . This has happened TWICE ! This is completely unacceptable.I have received substandard products and even worse customer service . I hope I 'm not stuck with 2 unacceptable photo frames . Coby still has n't responded to my email request -LRB- over 2 weeks -RRB- . Spend your money on another frame from a different manufacturer .
 Basically both hardware and software on this thing are poor . You can see individual pixels which makes the images blocky . Does n't always recognize the JPEGs on my cards . The sound quality is mediocre at best . The finish is cheap and plasticky . I returned it the very day I opened the box . It is a pity that you ca n't play music as the photos are being shown . You can only do things one at a time .
 Item never worked , had to be returned to Amazon , whom is still my favorite retailer , as for their easy return policy . Skip this , maybe it will work for you but mine never worked and I do not have the time to wait for another possible defected one to ship out .
 i was disappointed in this product . it 's slow with showing the pictures . the quality of the pictures are not great . i would look to another product than this .
 I 'm reviewing the second unit I 've had . I returned the first one because of static on the display , but the second one exhibits the same problem , and other reviewers have reported it , too . Summary
 I purchased this Coby product based strictly on the price point and was once again reminded of the old adage , `` You get what you pay for . '' The screen resolution was terrible . After reading product reviews and looking at demo models at various brick & mortar stores , I purchased a Philips 7 '' frame . The pictures are sharp and I love the 4:3 aspect . I use Picasa to reduce my files to 800x600 size and they appear fanatstic on the frame .
 This is a product that should be looked at before purchase . The screen resolution is pretty poor and the `` operating '' system is very simple and hard to set the way you want it . This product has an automatic slide show mode and normal / stretch display -- but the stretch display distorts the pictures too much and the slide show mode drops out when you make any adjustment . Also , the unit freezes up from time to time , requiring a reboot . Overall , this product is much less than I expected .
 While the photo display portion of the frame works fine , the video functionality is sorely lacking . Videos do not always display correctly , frequently freeze the frame requiring a reboot , and the repeat function never ever works .
 This item is not at all user friendly . It was extremely difficult and time-consuming to figure out how to use . There was nothing in the directions to explain how to get the pictures from the card into the frame 's program and it was not self-explanatory . Once the pictures were installed -LRB- using the memory card only -RRB- the picture frame worked really well but the setup was terrible !!!
 I am glad I opened this to get it set up before giving as a gift , as it had problems and I had to return it :1 . Stated resolution is 480x234 , so I figured I would get good results if I resized images to 480x234 . Nope . In 4:3 mode there are black bars on the top , bottom and sides . In 16:9 mode there are black bars on the top and bottom and the photo is smooshed . Coby phone support could not tell me what resolution I should use .2 . Slideshow would only step through images one time , and then stop on the last image . I tried 2 different USB flash drives , but it made no difference . Coby had no solution .3 . Remote came with a dead battery .4 . Sent Coby and email with these questions , and they never responded , so I finally had to call and they did not resolve anything .
 I purchased this device the first time and when it was delivered it would freeze up , not charge at all , or just plain not work . I called Coby first and the gentleman was very rude and not helpful . I filed for return paperwork with Amazon , they were WONDERFUL and sent me out a new one two day air as I sent the defective one back . I received the second one and low and behold the same thing ! Do not buy this product . We had purchased this product to take on vacation with us so that I could show off my kids to friends I have n't seen in 15 years . No luck , now I will travel empty handed .
 Looking at the other reviews on here , I almost feel like there are shills on here because nobody could possibly be giving this product a good review.It 's pretty fussy with memory . I first tried a 2GB SanDisk Ultra II CompactFlash card . It just said `` Bad Card '' with no explanation . I tried both FAT and FAT32 . Then I tried a 1GB SanDisk Ultra II SD card . `` Bad Card '' . I then tried a Kingston 2GB SD card , which worked . No idea what the problem was , maybe they do n't like SanDisk?It 's supposedly a wide-screen frame but it only actually displays 4:3 correctly . If you feed it a wide-screen image , it 'll inexplicably compress it to be tiny , in 4:3 with black bars on all four sides -LRB- even on original picture mode -RRB- . If you switch it to 16:9 mode , it 'll bizarrely leave the black bars on the top and bottom , and only stretch out the sides , leaving the image distorted and everyone fat looking . Definitely bugs.The image quality is abysmal . Of course , this is to be expected , as the resolution is the pits , at 480x234 . Even worse , since this is basically only usable at 4:3 , the usable resolution is only 312 * 234 . Note that this is worse screen quality than my cell phone , which is 320 * 240 . My cell phone 's screen is also only about the size of a matchbook , whereas this thing is 7 inches , making obvious pixels and an awful image.Lastly , the UI is truly a piece of work . A piece of terrible work . Why in the world does n't it start displaying the slideshow automatically ? Instead , you have to navigate through a series of unintuitive menus in order to do just about anything.This is one of the worst consumer products I have ever seen .
 Can anyone recommend a basic digital frame that has internal memory that does not need any extra accessories or memory cards and is somewhat easy to use ? Because I 'm just really incredibly frustrated and fed up with this thing . I gave this to my dad a few months ago for his birthday . Ever since he started using his digital camera he has amassed quite a collection of photos but has no where to put them . He still has not figured out how to use this frame . So the other day I offered to load the photos for him . What a nightmare.The user 's manual is a total joke , it was riddled with misprints and none of it helped me . This thing is driving me crazy.According to the manual the frame supports these types of memory files : Compact Flash CardsSecure Digital CardsMultimedia CardsxD Picture CardsMemory SticksAnd , I have these types of memory : Fujifilm 16MB memory card xD-Picture CardSwissbit 64MB usb stickWhen I insert each of these pieces of memory the frame says
 Checked reviews everywhere but noone seems to mention some VITAL details . Here is the details from Colby Electronics Corporation on this DP-769 * 7 '' Widescreen TFT LCD @ 480 x 234 < -- Resolution NOONE has * File Format Support
 Do n't waste too much time editing , because the pictures only look as good as what you pay for ... a fair quality low resolution image .
 I was very concerned about image quality , and read multiple reviews before ordering this product . It was very inexpensive , and looked so when I plugged it in . The image looked faded , like their was a film over it , just not clear and sharp , not vivid . And I had it plugged in and looking at it from about 6 feet away . Also , many of the transitions are very slow , and do n't allow you to see the photo during the transition . If I could have cut out all of the transitions altogether I would have been happy to ! Would not buy this product , am returning it as we speak.On the positive side , it was very easy to use , I was up and running in 5 mins.Unfortunently think I am going to have to spend over $ 100 to get what I want .
 The product itself is fine . No complaints . The problem I have is that I bought this and a 1Gig memory card as a Christmas present for my parents . I put over 500 pictures of their grandkids on the card from the past 8 years and cropped each one to the dimensions specified on the box . Well it turns out that THEY 'RE ALL WRONG ! The purpose of cropping them was to avoid the black bars on either side of the screen . Now there are black bars at the top and bottom . Sorry mom and dad , but I 'm not cropping 500 + pictures again ! How crappy is that !?
 The picture has a mirrow image over lap giving it a double image . Coby does not answer email and their automated phone answering system hangs up on you after 5 minute wait .
 I received this as a Christmas gift . I had hinted to Santa that I wanted one , and he came through . Sometimes it 's better not to get that for which you asked.I was very excited to get my photos loaded and have the frame running . When I unpackaged it , I noticed a tiny blemish on the screen . It was so small I decided I could overlook it . I sat the frame on a table and immediately one of the `` feet '' on the easel fell off . Not off to a good start , but I decided to carry on thinking I could glue the foot back on.I connected the frame to my computer . I wo n't bore you with the details of everything that went wrong , but my other USB devices quit working , my PC locked up , blah , blah , and so on.I finally got some photos loaded onto the thing . I put it on the table , started the slideshow , and it actually worked . I was not impressed with the display quality but I could have lived with it had everything else worked . Depending on whether you 're sitting or standing , some of the photos looked very dark . There were very few controls to adjust brightness , contrast , etc. I connected it to my PC again to add more photos . I went through the same trials and tribulations as before . I put the frame back on in slideshow mode . This time around , I noticed that the frame would unexpectedly and intermittently exit the slideshow . After much consternation and cursing , I discovered that the remote control for my tv was communicating with the frame . I could start and stop the frame slideshow simply by using my tv remote control . I guess that 's okay except if you want to change the channel but keep the slideshow running . . . Anyway , after a day of experimenting , it became clear that the device was simply defective ... in so many ways . Also , it 's absurd that you can only start the slideshow via the frame remote control rather than having a button/switch on the device.It 's hard to believe they 're getting $ 100 for this thing . I am returning mine for a refund . I am sorry that there is no rating LESS THAN one star . Do I have anything good to say ? Yes , the frame and accessories were easy to repackage and fit in the box . So far , the return experience with Amazon is going smoothly , but I will reserve final thought until we receive the refund.If you 're wanting a good digital photo frame , keep shopping . You can do better !
 The Coby product produces low quality images and does not display all the images loaded .
 It did n't work when we took it out of the box !! Needless to say , it made for a really bad Christmas gift for my in-laws .
 The Coby 8 '' played the JPEGs great . MP3s played excellent . Inserting the files were easy and the remote was a perfect addition to this unit . Sound quality was surprisingly good . I liked everything about this unit . Then came the video . The MPEGs , AVI and MPEG4 files were recognized by the unit , they began to play then the screen froze . The audio would continue to play but the video would play , then stop , play a little more , then stop . I tried a smaller file size , higher/lower quality video , AVI , MPEG4 and even tried different software to convert the video to MPEG and AVI . I tried everything but nothing worked and yes , all videos played flawlessly on my computer . Unfortunately , I bought this unit because it had video playback . I 'm very disappointed as this was a Xmas gift to my dad . I 've returned the unit and hopefully the next one will work as advertised . I will get back to you about the next one . Amazon was excellent in all areas reguarding the service they provide . I would buy through Amazon again with no worries .
 Picture quality is OK . But I have tried 3 different Coby digital frames and the SD card reader on the Coby frames can not read any of my SD cards . I have tried multiple cards , but they can not read any of them . The same SD card works in my camera , other digital frame and even in this Coby frame if I put it in an SD card reader and attach it to the USB port of the Coby frame .
 Overall a nice frame with decent picture quality . However , it has a severe limitation in that it will only recognize the first 2,000 pictures on a USB stick . A severe limitation that Colby does not describe anywhere in its sales materials -LRB- otherwise , I would not have bought it -RRB- . With 18,000 + pics on a 4 GB memory stick , the Coby frame does disappoint . With a digital camera , one does tend to collect pictures at an astonishing rate over the years . Forget about constantly updating/changing your memory device to have other pics to show on the Colby . You will tire of this very rapidly .
 I bought this frame as a gift for my parents and ended up returning it . The price was right but the quality was poor and there were 2 spots on the screen that looked like they were already burned out -LRB- displaying blue and green pixels -RRB- . I did enjoy the fact that it hooks right up to the computer with a USB port but that is about all . Overall do n't waste your time and money !
 Coby 4 GB Flash Video MP3 Player with FM Radio -LRB- Black -RRB- Coby DVD-224 Compact DVD PlayerCoby TF-DVD7377 7-Inch DivX Compatible Portable DVD PlayerCoby DP-769 7-Inch Widescreen Digital Photo Frame with MP3 Player & 2 FramesCoby TFTV1022 10.2-Inch LCD TVCoby KTFDVD1093 10.2-Inch Under-The-Cabinet LCD TV with Built-in DVD/CD Player and AM/FM RadioCoby DP-882 8-Inch Digital Photo Frame with Built-In MP3 PlayerCoby TF-DVD7050 7-Inch TFT Portable Tablet-Style Portable DVD PlayerWas told COBY provides no repair service at any price on out of warranty products . I had a DP 102 pic frame 1 year old and was told maybe I could find a local repair shop .
 I bought 2 DP-758 . I tried to use my 4G SD card from my cell phone and my digital camera , but the DP-758 would not recognize it . I had to order older -LRB- slower ? -RRB- 2G SD cards.After the DP = 758 recognized them , they run through the slide-show a couple of times , then stop at the setup screen . The menu has nowhere to set it to continuous.The resolution is n't very sharp.When I call the help line I sit on hold , being told my position in the queue . Several minutes after being told I 'm # 1 in the queue , I am told to hang up and call back at a later time because all CSRs are busy helping other customers . This has happened TWICE ! This is completely unacceptable.I have received substandard products and even worse customer service . I hope I 'm not stuck with 2 unacceptable photo frames . Coby still has n't responded to my email request -LRB- over 2 weeks -RRB- . Spend your money on another frame from a different manufacturer .
 This expensive and potentially slick little gadget is junk . If you want to download photos from a computer you wo n't be able to do it ... Unfortunately , since this is my third photo frame and I thought is would be as easy as the rest I have purchased . . I took it out of the box and tossed the box . . Otherwise I would send it right back ... It wants a bunch of memory cards ... So I bought them too and none are recognized between it and my computer ... Complete frusteration ... Do n't buy this ...
 When I purchased this digital frame I was unaware that I could not download pictures from my camera into the frame . It only works when the card from your camera is in the frame . Since I purchased this item as a gift and I took numerous family photos over the holidays , I now have to include the card from my camera and purchase a new card for myself . When I tried to return the item I was put on hold - twenty , thirty minutes at a time . I never got to speak to a person and finally gave up as I did n't have the time to spending holding . I am totally unhappy and will never purchase a product from Amazon online again . There has to be a better return policy and an easier way to make the return so consumers are not stuck with items they do not want .
 This product did not work from the moment I plugged it in . I am in the process of trying to return it , we will see what happens .
 Coby has used non-square pixels in this photo frame and the resolution of the frame is 351x268 -LRB- much lower than their advertized 480x268 -RRB- . If you want photos to take up the entire screen , then it 's a pain , but it can be done . Here is what you must do . When you turn on the unit , click the 16:9 button on the remote so that photos extend to the edges of the screen . Also , go into setup , go down one to Photo and then over one to View Mode and set it to `` Original '' rather than `` Autofit . `` If you do the math , you 'll notice that 351x268 has an aspect ratio of 1.31 , but the physical frame has an aspect ratio of 16x9 or 1.78 -LRB- the frame is 6.0 in x 3.375 in -RRB- . So , if you want a photo to take up the full 16x9 screen AND look normal , you will need to crop your photos to a 16x9 aspect ratio and then reduce the photo 's pixel count to 702x468 -LRB- twice the units actual resolution -RRB- . Here are the steps with Adobe Photoshop Elements v 2.0 : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Use the Crop Tool , with Width set to 16 in and Height to 9 in , and crop your photo as you like . Note that your photo will not actually be 16 inches in width . The 16in x 9in merely ensures the proper widescreen aspect ratio . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Image - > Resize - > Image Size -LRB- a -RRB- Uncheck Constrain Proportions -LRB- b -RRB- Set width to 702 pixels -LRB- c -RRB- Set height to 468 pixelsThe faces in your photo will look tall and thin . Do n't worry , because the non-square pixels of the Coby Photo Frame will stretch it back out to look normal.So that is how you get the photos to fill the frame for widescreen . Once you go through all of this photo resizing mess above , you will notice that blue skies are washed out and many color details are missing . Therefore , Coby offers the following -LRB- 1 -RRB- misinformation regarding their products true resolution . -LRB- 2 -RRB- No help on getting your photo to fit the unit . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Non-square pixels - another brilliant move by Coby ! -LRB- 4 -RRB- No information on color-depth , and I would be surprised if this unit can display more than 256 simultaneous colors given the poor color rendering of the photos.In addition to all of this , I have owned other Coby products that repeatedly fail , even when you have Coby tech support fix the product again and again . I will be surprised if this thing lasts .
 Coby 887 arrived as a Christmas present along with a 2 Gig CF card . The Coby photoframe would not accept the CF card . Purchased a 2 gig SD card , which Coby could read , but USB connection to computer would not recognize the Coby unit . Windows XP could not associate a driver for the unit and the Coby website has no drivers for this unit . Unable to load any photos directly.One more try -- to buy a USB cable and try to connect a flash drive , after loading the flash drive from the computer . If that fails - and maybe even if it works - it 'll get exchanged for something better , and usable.Coby DP-887 8-Inch Digital Photo Frame with MP3 Player & 2 Metal Frames
 While the Coby -LRB- Coby DP-758 7-Inch Widescreen Digital Photo Frame -RRB- is a good deal compared with other frames , it has a terrible photo ratio . A standard photo shows up on the frame with black bars on the side which defeats the purpose of having a 7 '' frame.We call Coby technical support and they could not tell us the ratio for the frame . I spent about 8 hours trying to figure out how to resize photos and ended up resizing the photos in Photoshop but this is a very time consuming process.I 'd recommend paying a little more money to have a more streamlined frame . It 's not worth the headache to save a few dollars !!
 I can not get this frame to go through more than 10-12 pictures in slideshow mode before it totally locks up and I have to use the reset function built into the back of the unit . I was very disappointed as I ordered this as a gift for my parents who miss their out of state grandchildren and I wanted to be able to give them something special so they could see them everyday . It was easy to set up and the frame looks nice , but it just does n't function correctly . Fortunately Amazon has a great return system and I was able to send it back relatively easy !
 Aside from a clearly visible grid on the screen , the products has many limitations . To do a slide show of pictures , you have to have all the pictures in the same folder . Besides , you can not have more than 500 pictures per folder , or the last ones will not be shown . So if you have lots pictures organized in folders -LRB- like most of us do -RRB- , you have to copy them into a same folder , which is very troublesome ; and most likely you will have to split them in different folders of 500 pictures each , and every once in a while select a different folder . I wish there was a firmware upgrade so the product could randomly display pictures in any folder in a memory device . ... Oops , almost forgot , even though you have different options for memory devices , they can not be more than 1GB in size or they wont work , another annoyance since nowdays is difficult to find devices of less than 2GB .
 La imagen de este frame es p&eacute;sima , se ven pixeladas las fotos , adicionalmente en 4:3 se ve la imagen muy peque & ntilde ; a y en 16:9 se deforma la imagen pues se ve alargada.Realmente me siento estafado ... !!!
 I got this because it has all these good reviews just to find out that it is junk . the picture quality is not excellent like everyone says . matter of fact the picture quality is very poor and the whites are washy and the blacks too . it puts lines through the pictures occasionally and lastly . . it slowly moves my photos to the side . after it runs for about 2 days i have to turn it off to `` reset '' . every picture moves to the left just a tiny little bit and after the pics scroll through eventually you notice them shifting off the screen . DONT BUY THIS EVER . not even for a cheapy .
 I purchased this digital photo a frame as a gift . The plan was to download pictures and music stored on our computer to the frame . I read the vague instruction manual and after attempting to use several different USB cables I already had in my home I called customer support to get assistance . After two messages and three days later , with a combined wait time of over 90 minutes , I was able to speak with someone from Coby . I was told that since this model did n't come with the `` special '' USB cable I could order it for $ 8.00 . It was n't the price that was bad , it was the time it would take for it to arrive , approximately 6-8 weeks . Time I did not have since it was a gift . Long story short - I was unable to present the gift the way I had envisioned because there was no cable . The USB it requires needs the two ends to be the same size -LRB- most have a small end and a large end -RRB- . - Poor customer support - Contents not adequate
 The pictures are not good . You ca n't adjust the color . If you load a picture before adjusting it -LRB- you would n't know you needed to adjust it unless you load it first -RRB- , it wo n't save in the new format and you ca n't change the brightness/tone or whatever . The menu is slow and stupid and the frame overall looks cheap.This frame should cost $ 30 or less . Not what I paid here .
 I 've had several digital frames in the past . This product is grossly inferior to the others I 've purchased . The slide show would freeze after only a few photos . I tried two different types and brands of memory cards -LRB- CF and SD -RRB- with different photo files on each , with the same freezing problem occurring each time . I tried twice to call customer service -LRB- good luck finding the number on the company 's web site -RRB- and each time I was placed on hold for 10 minutes or more , waiting patiently while I was told what person in line I was . Both times , when I was 3rd or 4th in line , the system hung up and told me to call back later ! I sent two emails with no response . I returned the frame and bought a brand I had purchased before . Stay away !!!
 The limited manual does NOT cover how to delete a picture . I tried the usual process -LRB- view the pic and hit delete or drag to trash on a Mac -RRB- The `` deleted '' pics no longer appear in the desktop folder but ARE in the CP-240 . Called the manufacturer for assistance and was on hold three times . Finally got into a cue and was third in line when a recorded message said `` all agents are busy , call back later '' and hung up !
 I 've read some of the reviews that complain about the horrible resolutions , or the device being picky about how it displays photos . Mine wo n't work period . I plug it in and turn it on and get what amounts to video noise . No menu . No error message . Nothing . I wish there were an option for no stars because there is nothing about this product that merits a star.I called customer service during their stated hours but they were closed so I called again this morning and waited on hold for roughly 25 minutes before leaving a message with their voicemail system . I just called back and apparently so many people are having problems with their products that they do n't even offer the choice of waiting on hold . I 'll just hold my breath until they call me back.This was chosen out of a business gift catalog . I think the company that gave it to us would be interested to hear about the non-functioning piece of cheap plastic that is being sent out on their behalf to generate goodwill and customer loyalty .
 I bought the Coby DP102 10-inch because I thought it could handle mp3 , flash card and other digital camera card . My fiance and I both tried to put the flash card in - nothing working . We tried to put USB cable to upload pictures from the computer - nothing working . We got very frustrated and decided it 's not worth it to keep it longer . We really want to have digital frame and still looking for the good one , but we may have to wait until Costco can come up with something cheaper and easier to use .
 The Coby DP888 has , for me , a fatal flaw that I feel should have been disclosed in the advertising . It can only recognize and show 2000 pictures from an SD card -LRB- and I would guess any other memory card type -RRB- , even if the card contains many more pictures . Of course , over the course of a lifetime , many of us take far more than 2000 pictures . My 2GB SD card is only 1/3 full with 3300 pictures on it , so I expected the DP888 to be able to show a huge number of photos , but sadly , it ca n't . I wonder if Coby 's more recent products continue to have this limitation .
 Just to let everyone know , this frame DOES NOT accept SD HC -LRB- High Capacity -RRB- cards . For those of us with high-megapixel cameras that are going to that type of card , this particular frame is one you want to steer clear of.As an update ... since this review has been `` blasted '' for being off-base , let me just say that is very difficult to navigate the specifications for these frames . There is a lot of info to sort through , and since almost any current SD card that is n't of the lowest memory is automatically a `` HC '' card , it is more to make sure the consumer looks at their SD card before purchasing . SDHC is not just an alternate version of SD , as I assumed . I 'm not the smartest person I know , but I 'm sure at least a few others new to this game have made the same mistake.My frustration is that any current mass-marketed frame SHOULD be made to include SDHC .
 Ordered 3 of these on 12/15 and only now , 3 days before Christmas , did I receive an email stating they are out of stock . I refuse to deal with online vendors again when they give poor service such as this .
 I bought this product for my wife as a christmas gift . When she opened and set it up the remote came with this product was not working and I changed battery and tried , not good . I called customer service and explained to them . But they want me to send a $ 6.00 MO for S&H for a new remote . We just took it out of the box and I di n't understand why I have to pay S&H for brand new product . COBY spoiled our christmas happiness just a day after . very , very bad customer service and product support . Do n't buy COBY products , product support is very , very , very BAD .
 COBY has the worst technical support ever . Thankfully the product interface is simple and if you try , and try and try again with file sizes , you do get to a reasonable end result , but if you try to call their technical support line , you will be very disappointed . They do n't know their own product well enough to give clear guidelines on file sizes and resolution specs . Their only response is `` It 's not a digital TV , so do n't expect much '' . Do n't waste your time with a phone call to them , do your research on the web , even the info in this forum is more complete than at the COBY help line . I did buy and give 3 of these for Xmas , but I would never buy again from COBY and would tell others to avoid them too .
 The instructions are unclear and the user interface very clunky . Do not buy for an older person -LRB- or a younger person , for that matter -RRB- who is unfamiliar with how to operate nonintuitive devices from manuals translated from another language . It might be OK if you set it up for the person and give it to him or her . I am not familiar with digital photo frames in general , but the screen does seem awfully dark . I presume I could make all the photos lighter , but it gets back to the question , how much trouble do you want to put someone to ?
 I received this Coby DP-350 photo player item 6/25/2009 . It was neatly packaged and as described . BUT `` DID NOT '' COME WITH THE BLACK LEATHER POUCH , shown in the pictures and descriptions , where ever you see this DP-350 advertised , including Amazon.Clearly false advertising . This handsome leather pouch is one of the reasons I purchased this item . What the heck Coby ?? Also I can not play music & view photos at the same time , a feature I would expect to be understood . Coby advertises both music & photo , but not one mentions that you can not view pictures with background music at the same time , even in any of their manuals , they completely duck this issue . Again , What the heck Coby ?
 I AM VERY SORRY I PURCHASED THIS ITEM.THE MUSIC DOES NOT PLAY ALONG WITH THE PHOTOS . VERY DISPLEASED .
 I bought this frame for my elderly father-in-law . I thought it would be way too confusing for him to use . He is not very electronic savvy . It took me a while to figure out myself and I am know as the electronic nerd in the family .
 I purchased this during Black Friday sales , and upon using the product -LRB- it was a gift for mom -RRB- , I 'd hesitate before purchasing again . I certainly would n't pay more than $ 60.1 . Photo contrast and ratio is both poor , as noted in previous reviews2 . Music and photos , as others also noted , can not be played simultaneously ; the product description is ambiguous on this point3 . Interface , though not overly difficult , is not intuitive.All said , I got what I paid for , I suppose ... it 's certainly not for anyone looking for quality .
 This is a horrible frame . I bought the Coby DP-772 for my self about a year ago and have been very happy with it . I decided to buy this new version for my dad as a birthday gift . Wow what a difference ... all the pictures are dark and skin tones are blotchey . I took the same SD card out of it and put it in my frame and they show up fine . I returned it within hours of opening the package . Unfortunately the 772 is not available on Amazon so I 'll either switch to a Philips or look for it elsewhere .
 After the first week I was very happy with this unit . I would have given it 4 or 5 stars . But , after 2 weeks the remote died . I called technical support and after going through some debugging they agreed the remote was defective so they gave me a procedure to submit a claim for a new remote under the warranty . That was a month ago . I am still waiting for a new remote and when I called this week they stated it could take another month . In the meantime the unit is useless , unless of course all I want to do is a static display of 1 photo . The remote is required to access most of the menu items.The remote dying after a week I could chalk up to me being unlucky but the poor service after the fact is inexcusable . 1 star . Buyer beware .
 I could not put the Digital photo frame together , tried to connect it , all I could see was the pre-installed pictures , Iinserted my own photo card , but nothing happended . Got discouraged and just let it sit . Could ot even fit it backinto the boxes . I am very disapointed and will not buy electronics via mail again .
 Got this as a gift for my Mother-in-law . It was a good price and seemed to have decent reviews . Out of the box I turned it on to load images on it and there was a pixel burned out on the screen . The build quality was very cheap . On the plus side I was able add and remove images easliy and it seemed to display everything ok with exception to the bright pixel mark on the screen .
 I brought 4 of these . 2 of them are broken - Shaking images . The terrible customer service demand $ 18 each + shipping cost . Even these are under 90 days warranty . The two that not broken have very bad picture quality.These DP-769 is worth less than $ 5 in my opinion.Do it for yourself , DO NOT BUY THIS . Terrible coby .
 I bought this for my mom 's 50th bday and was extremely disappointed when it arrived . The frame does not have built in memory so you will need to go buy another card if you want to keep certain pictures . Do n't waste your money ! Go find one that has built in memory . I wish I never bought this frame .
 I got this photo frame as a gift and it 's the only digital frame I 've ever used so I really wonder if I just expect more or if this thing is defective . All of the photos I put on it are super contrasty - to the point that I ca n't use black & white images at all and detail is lost in almost all of the pictures - faces are terribly washed out . Reds are really red and colors in general are just very wonky . Is this just because it 's a digital frame and they 're all like this or is it just this one ? I get the horizontal lines through pictures from time to time that others have mentioned and I agree that it does not make sense that the music and pictures do n't work together.Also , I wish Amazon would change the photo of the product because it is misleading . Even though the description says it 's a 16:9 ratio that frame in the picture is clearly not 16:9 .
 It is a deceit , nothing that to see with which it is offered , the functions are excluding and the very bad resolution
 Your photos taken with a decent camara are going to look bad in this . I bought it for my wife and I was disapointed when I looked at the photos . When I look at the photos in the TV or computer they look fine but in this frame it looks like if the foto only had like 8 colors or like if it was taken out of focus.I strongly recommend to look at other options .
 Works great right out of the box . No real problems , but I never could get it to load an xd card . Totally confused my PC . I stuck a preloaded SD , turned it on , hit a few buttons and it ran a very nice slideshow . Has a great picture with very high resolution and brightness . I have n't tried any video or audio , but I bought if for my wife to keep pictures of the grandkids at her desk . It does exactly what I wanted it to.P.S .
 I had high hopes for this miniature picture frame . Need to load with baby pictures for grandma . Something easy to use , looks good , GREAT case . When I went to load the photos , they loaded fine , but between each photo displayed a screen that said , invalid file format . It was very annoying . I wrote 7 e-mails to COBY to which none were answered . i eventually had to call to find out that their only resolve was to reset the unit . AFter 2 resets with no result , the only thing tech could offer me was try it on a PC . that 's the point , I do n't have one . I bought it because it claimed it worked with the Mac , in the end . A major disappointment ... . do not buy if you own Mac . Waste of time and money ...
 ... badly flawed , I 'm afraid.Nice display and heft . But : Direct USB connection freezes my Macs -LRB- PowerBook 12 , and iMac 2008 -RRB- . My PC with XP -LRB- both sp2 & sp3 -RRB- sees an `` unknown device '' and finds no driver.And , slideshow quits after maybe 100 photos , including many skips , although my card had 600 + photos . No quantity limit is specified in the booklet or advertisement . Tried loading the card from PC instead of Mac , but show still quits early . Tried breaking the show into multiple folders with sequential names ; then it seemed to run longer , but skipped folders too.Should accept various preloaded memory cards . But , 1GB Patriot brand SD card initially did n't seem to work in it -LRB- but was OK in the PC -RRB- ; a 256 MB CF card worked in it , but slideshow still terminates early.Also the buttons are hidden , hard to distinguish.Amazon kindly exchanged the first one for a like unit ; I hoped it might work better , but no go.Coby would require shipping to NY state on the customer 's dollar both ways.Breaking News - Coby tech support was polite , but did not have any answers . The Coby manual says `` baseline JPEG files up to 32 million pixels and 14MB in size '' , but that apparently is untrue . After multiple experiments , I discovered success ONLY after using Windows XP 's -LRB- right-click in Explorer -RRB- `` resize pictures '' function -LRB- to 800x600 , replace -RRB- on the contents of photo folders while on the PC . Then , load all photos at once onto a freshly formatted memory card -LRB- to avoid fragmentation , which seems to change the play order -RRB- in a card reader . With this effort , all photos -LRB- in sequential folders -RRB- seemed to play correctly . Turns out , folders are not necessary for my 630 pictures.COBY needs to tell it 's customers of this resizing requirement , and also not to connect their Mac directly lest it latch up ; and to provide PC drivers .
 I bought this for my mother-in-law for Christmas . She was really excited to get this frame , and I believe when I purchased it the ratings were a little higher . I can see that it is n't that great . We had to ship it back because there were some significant problems -LRB- it was showing any pictures and there were lines across the screen -RRB- . We shipped it back and are awaiting the new one to arrive . I hope that it is much better . I gave it two because it seems like a good product , but the ratings could change depending when we get it .
 Misleading
 Spend the extra money for a better frame . It is very cheaply made , the picture quality is poor , and many times it goes blank or has lines in the picture .
 I looked at this frame and compared it to thePortable USA 10.4-Inch Digital Picture Frame -LRB- PU10W -RRB- . This is a cheap and low cost budget unit with plastic everywhere . It has a poor display mechanism that is only 480 pixels wide and a ridiculous 234 pixels deep meaning that it is NOT a true 4:3 Aspect ratio frame but a widescreen variant that has skinny trees looking wide and your friends faces looking bloated . Eithert that or big grey lines either side of your images ... not good The video support is somewhat lacking but it can play MP3 files for audio background to your images . The remote is very close range only and the viewing angle is n't that good when looked at from below -LRB- like a mantle -RRB- . It does accept USB flash.The Portable USA frame has a distinct air of superiority when placed next to the Coby . It is also about $ 25 more expensiveIt is a full 1 inch wider and 1 inch taller , surrounded by a rich wooden frame - real wood , not MDF - and an elegant matting under a glass screen . This both protects the display and adds to the charm . It boasts 640x480 resolution on a 10.4 '' screen -LRB- corner to corner -RRB- ... which is true aspect of 4:3 using the whole screen to display more than twice the level of detail , twice the clarity and complete use of the screens dimension . It does n't accept USB but accepts all major flash media types.Overall , for $ 25 , I 'd thoroughly recommend the Portable frame for better resolution images , nicer looks and better viewing angles .
 Received this on 5/18 and trying ever since to make it perform as promised . Plays music OK , and most slides , but thumbnail screen shows INVALID on every other frame . Will not play videos AT ALL . Tried clips from both my Canons and a Sony . A few play jerkily for 3-4 secpnds with garbled sound , then screen freezes and must turn it off and back on again . Finally phoned customer service and they would only say they would email me a tutorial to fix all my problems . Still waiting . Even purchased 2 Ultra Speed SD cards to see if that would correct the video problem . Did n't . Do n't waste your money . Customer service just lies to get you off the phone . Will be contacting Amazon to return it . Glad I saved the box .
 I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my mother and I feel terrible !! Navigation is so difficult and frustrating !!! Scrolling back and forward is very hard , the buttons just get stuck ... we keep pressing and nothing happens !! uggghhhh
 I bought 2 7 '' widescreen digital photos for Christmas . The Coby 758 and a Pandigital . When comparing the same photos on both of these , there is no comparison . The picture quality is MUCH better on the Pandigital and I 'm taking the COBY back to get my money back . They were very similar in price as well which is the surprising part .
 bought this framework and it was great - for 3 months . Then it just stopped working ! I 'll never buy anything else from Coby.P.S . I gave it 1 star only because Amazon wo n't allow a 0 star rating !!!!
 I have never had a COBY item work well , so I should have been prepared for this . None of the pictures from my digital camera work on this . I can use an old digital camera to take low res pictures and put it on this screen , but anything over 2 megapixel confuses the processor and comes out scrambled . Based on this product and a COBY CD player and a few other items I have owned from these guys I am done . Never again to buy from them .
 the quality of the image on this frame is very poorDo n't buy it
 I bought this last January -- I am very disappointed in it . Picture quality very bad -- grainy and out of focus
 I received this as a gift , did n't open it for almost 5 months . Then finally I set it up at my work place and it just stopped working in two weeks . Personal take , DON `` T BUY . Pay little more buy something else .
 It does work , sort of . After an hour or so it resets itself back to the setup screen . You must then go through all the steps to see the pictures again . Online help and the web site are useless .
 coby digital frame dp758pros good looking , and affordable . cons : it has usb port and a card slotpics need to be resizedwhen pics are taken from 10mp camera they look very dull on frameit takes long time to read the usb and card slotinfact usb thumb drive never workedonly the sample images which come with the frame look goodcoby website has least informationjust dont buy
 The resolution on the Coby DP-768 can be summed up by one word , SUCKS !!!! Plus none of the card reader slots worked ! The only one I could get to work was the USB.The only reason we kept it was that it was a gift for my mother and she has NO CLUE how to operate electronics so I was able to set it up with a 4GB USB thumb drive with random pictures . And she assumes the next time I 'm in town I will switch out some pictures for her . I begged her to let me return it , she said NO!PIECE OF CRAP , DO NOT PURCHASE !
 Sorry to say , I am about to return the second one of these things , because I do not have enough time in my life to spend to get it to work properly and will not waste any more . On the first one , none of the buttons worked with any regularity . The second , which I am about to return , was a little better , but I had to continually reset it to get it to do anything . The `` menu '' button never did function , and the `` enter '' button either did not work or turned the unit off entirely . Nice format , good size for a lady 's purse , but NO performance . If it does so poorly out of the box , what does the future hold ? Too bad .
 I have a regular format camera , not a wide screen one.I could not find a way of setting display size in a way regular pictures look fine and fit well in this widescreen display.So I had to crop and resize the pictures before putting them into the frame . Otherwise pictures show as a small square in the middle of the screen.User manual says that you can update devices 's firmaware but there is no such update in the support section of Cobys ' web page.Very disappointed .
 I bought this frame the end of January . Received it in February . It is now July and it is broke . Wo n't turn on . Coby only gives a 90 day warranty . Amazon 30 . No one did anything to this frame it was on a shelf for the 5 months I had it . worked than just stopped . I have 3 other digital frames by other manufactures and never have had a problem with them .
 I bought this frame because reviewers gave it high marks . I was shocked at how bad the resolution was after I received it . Partly it was a problem of the device doing a bad job of downscaling the images -LRB- as one reviewer described . -RRB- But mostly it just is n't usable quality . I would n't want this on my shelf no matter how little it cost . I returned this one and bought a Sony model with twice the resolution for about twice the price . At that resolution it 's something I can live with on my desk .
 This Coby DP-350 looks like a quality piece that is going to be great , but I wasted most of today trying to load pictures and music . The buttons are usually unresponsive . The menus are awkward , and seem to vanish when you need to use them.I got pictures loaded okay -LRB- they look a little `` green '' to me -RRB- , but the thing does n't recognize any of the MPEG files that I loaded on it!Ugh ! I hate it!I should have been tipped off when the bright yellow sheet that came with it said `` Stop ! Call us before you consider returning the product ! `` When I saw that , I asked `` Why would they say that ? '' After my wasted hours and frustration , now I know why!Ugh !
 A few quick thoughts on this item : Cons : - The build . It is cheapish looking plastic . It has a leg on the back which can be used to stand the unit on your table -LRB- the way most people will use it , although it has holes in the back , too , if you want to hang it on the wall -RRB- . The hinge , however , is somewhat loose so any slight pressure on the top of the frame -LRB- by accidentally pushing against it , for example -RRB- is enough to push it almost flat to the ground . It has one point of resistance in the middle of the arc so if that angle is good for you then you should not have much problem - I , however , wanted it a bit more vertical and it would n't stay . Also , there is an unnecessary transparent plastic border around the frame , making the complete frame much bigger than it needs to be and which also acts as a fingerprint and dust magnate . - Picture Quality . The picture finish is matte and the screen tends to increase the contrast , making the pictures look a little bit darker . Since the angle at which the unit stands , is a bit too low for me the pictures looked even darker . - Software . Software can definitely be improved . First you can not do much with the unit without the accompanying remote - so God help you if you should loose the little thing ! Although the unit has a little button on the back labeled `` Enter/Slide '' , you ca n't even use it to start a slide show . Once you are in the slideshow -LRB- by using the remote -RRB- , you ca n't do anything else even with the remote - you ca n't pause the slideshow -LRB- ! -RRB- , delete a pic you do n't like , rotate -LRB- the angle button on the remote did not do anything -RRB- , zoom ... etc. . If you have selected the random picture option for the slide show then the back arrow becomes worthless , as it wo n't take you back to the picture it showed before . If you should want to do something with your pics you have to go to the contact-print-like-screen and scroll to the picture - this can take a while as this photo frame is definitely not blazing fast . - Media . It did not recognize my USB flash drives for some reason , however , my SD memory card had no problem . The video feature did not work at all , neither from the built in memory nor from the external memory . The digital frame would just stop after emitting a horrible screech a half second into the movie and then move on to the next movie to repeat the process . As far as the mp3 feature was concerned , I did not even bother to check at this point.Pros : - Although the pictures look darker , screen is glare free and do not reflect the overhead lights . - The cost is reasonable for the screen size and in comparison to other picture frames in the market , although I still think these things should not cost more than $ 35 - $ 40 . In summary , if all you want is to look at your pics and do not mind if they appeared a bit dark then , by all means , go for it . If , however , you were attracted by the other features that this unit claims to support then you will be disappointed . I was disappointed , to tell you the truth . I am planning to get a replacement unit , just in case there was something wrong with my particular unit . I 'll update my review if the replacement unit turns out to perform at least as advertised .
 This was probably my worst investment on amazon ever . I 've got nothing but annoyances from this digital photo album . I wanted to get something simple and easy to use for my girlfriend while she 's traveling abroad , but I can barely get it to work right . Random pictures come out blurry , making it so you have to figure through trial and error which pictures will work and which wont . Also , the programming is so congested and slow that it wont let you skip through photos at will , you have to wait , which sometimes takes 30 seconds to a minute even with 5 sec slides . the buttons are plastic and flimsy . The button to make selections is the same to turn it off so it often ends up shutting off when you get frustrates because it does n't make the selection you want.I only give it two stars because the picture quality is nice for the pictures that do work . It just takes a lot of work figuring out which ones those are .
 Anybody who rates this frame highly has not seen a decent digital frame . I got this one as a gift and though it would be fine because I got a 7 '' frame for my mom for Christmas . -LRB- Insignia brand from Best Buy - which is pretty awesome . -RRB- And that frame tells me why I think this frame is total junk :1 -RRB- resolution is too low . pictures look bad .2 -RRB- resizing on or off - in 4/3 or 16/9 mode gives the pics a weird stretch ... in junky low res .3 -RRB- menus are ugly and poor .4 -RRB- no internal memorySimply do NOT buy this frame . It 's junk .
 Come on , this thing should just work . But it does n't . Drag-n-drop jpeg pictures and they show for a while -LRB- a couple of days at a time -RRB- , then goes black ... then the buttons stop working ... then reset , repeat , rinse , repeat ... sorta works , then goes black . This thing is a piece of crude ... shoulda bought a kodak .
 Looked at several reviews to see if this was worth the trouble , many mentioned it was fine , so i bought 2 . The product was not at all what people said it was , the frame itself looked like it was put together cheaply -LRB- corners didnt match up -RRB- . The images were pixellated , several pictures had lines running down the entire image . Returned them as they did not meet my expectations . Not worth it , I would pay more for a better quality frame .
 Worked great for the first hour then went completely dead . A nice product but overall people are having too many failures .
 Buyers should be aware that this frame has no internal memory and ca n't be hooked directly to your PC . You 'll need external memory -LRB- SD card , USB Flash Drive , etc -RRB- to view any photos.Of course , if you spend $ 10 and get a 1 gig USB flash , then spend some time formatting your photos to meet the frame 's tiny 320 x 240 display resolution , then you can run a slideshow of hundreds , if not thousands of photos . But unlike most other frames on the market , this frame does n't come with any way to remember your photos ... you 'll need to provide your own memory .
 Not stated anywhere in the manual - if you are using a USB flash card that has more than 2004 pictures , - some pictures will never be displayed . The frame will display only the first 2004 pictures.ALSO the random shuffle mode is not really random at all , the same pictures will be cycled over and over like 1st , 5th , 8th , etc , but other pictures will never get displayed.Customer technical support is rude -LRB- they do not even pretend to be polite and hang up on you if you ask questions tey do not know the answers to -RRB- and they are not knowledgable . I am an experienced computer engineer and my opinion is that this piece of electronics is not a quality product , however the price is quite high and does not reflect the short-commings .
 I was disappointed to learn that this frame does not come with memory ! I should have read more clearily . We wound up purchasing a small jump drive so I could load pictures from my computer from a variety of years .
 Even though this product advertises that it will work on Mac computers , it wo n't . I tried connecting two different frames to a brand new Mac with Intel processor and to a PowerPC Mac . And I literally spent hours trying to get the product to work properly . It did n't . I finally had to return the frames . Mac users stay away from this beast .
 I could not get this device to work with my computer . Coby 's technical support said that it must be defective . I got a second one from Amazon and it had the same problem . Coby 's technical support said that Amazon must have a bad batch .
 Initially I liked the price-point on this digital frame . After getting it for a gift for my mom , loading an SD card with images , and then struggling through the non-intuitive UI on the frame , I finally got it to display a slideshow of the photos ... and what I saw was an inferior quality ! The photos are pixelated , and the resolution of the screen looks like a dot-matrix print-out . I should return the product , but it 's for a Christmas gift , and it 's too late . My advice
 Diappointing picture quality . The online product overview states ` crisp picture ' , but I found it very grainy or pixelated -LRB- & I used high res digital photos from a new camera -RRB- . It also had trouble reading 2 different SD cards , but I got it to work with the 3rd one . Manual is vague . Please note there are buttons on the top of frame to deal with the onscreen menu , although it looks like it should be touch screen . The frame is nice looking & has a nice finish . It does n't look like wood , but it has a nice molded shape . Also has a small power brick . I 'm returning the two I bought for gifts -LRB- drat -RRB- .
 I guess a middle aged person like myself should know you almost always get what you pay for and that is certainly the case with the Coby DP-758 7-Inch Widescreen photo frame . Sure it 's attractive enough with a well finished removable frame , but as soon as the power switch goes on it is apparent this is no bargain . Very grainy display , apparent even in the menu . Pixel quality is VERY poor , regardless of the original photo quality . No amount of photo editing resulted in a better quality image . Incidentally , this is a 3x5 aspect ratio frame , and even though the description touts the 16:9 ratio its a little shocking to see it on a frame this small . The stock photo married to the description is NOT what this looks like , not nearly as tall . I 'm not normally a buy and return guy but I bought 2 and returned them both , opting instead for 2 Philips 6.5 inch in the clear and black frame . Received them today and the difference is unbelievable.The Philips have a very sharp display and are easy to use . Amazon handled everything A + as usaual
 I purchased 3 of these frames for Christmas gifts based on the affordable price . The idea was to pre-load the frames with photos to give to our family , since we wo n't be together for the holidays . When I received the frames , I was really disappointed in the picture quality , but was going to keep them until I had trouble with the interface and horribly vague manual . I am a pretty tech savvy person , and all I wanted to accomplish was have our photos start up when you plug in the thing . Everytime you turn the frame on , you have to select about 5 prompts to get the slideshow started . I called Coby to see if there were other settings , and they emailed me instructions on reinstalling a MP3 player ... nothing about the frame . I returned all three and purchased the $ 99 Westinghouse frame instead , which works like a dream , and has lots of settings to customize viewing the images ...
 Most of the pictures are washed out in the display , unless they were really dark to begin with . Some of our sunset shots look good , but old family photos - which look just fine in our other digital frame - are way too bright on this one . There is no brightness control . I would NOT recommend this frame for general photo display .
 When your looking at your pic and it is completely the wrong size hit the right arrow button twice and it will go into `` full screen '' mode.If you do n't know that you will probably be super disappointed by the way none of the pictures ever fit the screen despite if you size them to the `` output '' resolution .
 I was not impressed with Coby DP-102 10 '' Widescreen Digital Photo Frame . It can only read up to 2 GB memory card . It accesses the memory card very slowly and there are a few software flaws . One of them is that when you rotate a photo , you will not be able to save it . Furthermore , it does not support Mac OS X -LRB- I called the tech support to verify -RRB- . I believe they still need to further improve this product .
 I was so excited thinking I had gotten a real score with the low price on this frame . I should have remembered you get what you pay for . This product is n't user friendly at all . I hate returning stuff so I tried to call Coby 's customer service twice . Both times the message stated that all their representatives were busy and to call back . I wo n't buy any products from them again .
 I was delighted to recieve this for a Christmas gift . Imagine my disappoint when the unit 's ability to read my flash drive inserted into the USB port failed almost immediately . I loaded the first batch of photos on the flash drive and put it into the Coby photo frame . Nice ! A few weeks later , I added more pix . Nice again ! A few weeks later , I added more pix , stuck the drive into the frame . Nothing ! It will not recognize the drive anymore . And I checked the drive on my laptop - it is fine . Now I have to go out and purchase an SD card and an SD reader . More money and aggravation ... not nice !
 Product seemed like a great Christmas present , but did n't even last for 1 year !! The product no longer works and Coby Electronics is not willing to fix , replace , or refund the product . Do n't waste your money .
 I was not able to get this photo album to work like it was advertised . So , after getting my electronic-expert grandson to check it out without success , I returned it .
 This was easy to set up and showed a very good slide show . never tried the mp3 but totaly quit working after 3 weeks and will not power up . i am waiting on a solution from amazon -LRB- will not do anything -RRB- or tiger direct whom I baught from through amazon .
 On the surface , the Coby DP-102 Digital Photo Frame looks as nice as any other Photo Frame in the price range . All the advertised features are present.My one complaint -LRB- and disappointment -RRB- is that even though the screen size can handle pictures in 4.3 and 16.9 sizes , if a photo is not taken in the 16.9 format it will not be displayed as such . The picture will look distorted.Other Digital Frames in this price range have a feature that lets the picture fill the frame without distortion . I would recommend a prospective buyer look for a Digital Frame with this feature .
 Initially this was a great deal . . Worked well , it was a gift for my mother.After 18 months of use , she gave it back to me . The screen had 4 dead pixels and flickered constantly like a badly tuned TV channel . The unit was buzzing and I noticed that near the on/off switch , the white plastic had a yellow/brown areas that apparently got hot enough to discolor and slightly melt.Unfortunately , its past it 's warranty . Additionally , I 'm very concerned that it began to melt near the on/off switch . Perhaps it was best that it failed before it caught on fire and burnt down my mother 's house.Stay clear of this frame . Choose a more reliable product from sony , westinghouse , kodak or another big player in frames .
 In September I purchased three of these items for Christmas gifts . The screen turned orange in March and Coby was called for service . Since the item was purchased in September their 90 day warranty had expired and the picture frames could not be repaired or replaced.Ultimately , after less than three months of usage the picture frame was thrown in the garbage ! I will not purchase this brand ever again !
 This photo frame worked great and we really liked it . After a year of enjoyment , it just quit working . Turned it off to change memory cards and it never came back on . Now it is worthless .
 This `` brag book '' was almost exactly what I wanted as a gift for my wife . A color would have been more attractive for her , but you take what you can get . By the time I gave it to her and she used it a few times , she noticed that the buttons did not work reliably . You have to push the buttons many times before they worked , and it seemed they were getting worse . The return period was over , so we returned it to Coby . We are waiting for the replacement .
 The picture are on the frame was smaller than expected which is my own fault I suppose . The thing that bothered me the most however was the inability to easily transfer images on my computer to the frame . It 's designed to take images off one of the memory cards you find on cameras but there was no way to move older images from the computer directly to the frame without extra hardware . I returned the unit and purchased a larger unit with the ability to transfer images directly from the computer for about the same price at a local H.H. Greg . The return process was exceptionally easy and quick . Much better than taking a unit back to the store .
 Purchased as a present for mothers day , but found the product lacked quality in sizing photos and limited to photos only . I own a Curtis brand photo frame which is far superior to this one . A very basic product .
 Purchased this as the `` deal of the day '' 20 % off . I was going to get the Kodak 7 '' and now I really wish I did.The Coby DP-102 DOES NOT have internal memory . Did n't figure that out until I opened the package , connected the USB to transfer pics to find out it does n't work that way.So , out I went to buy a SD card . Installed it to find out that the DP-102 was n't reading it . Swapped the SD card out with one I had on hand , same thing . So , here I am returning it to Amazon and wanting the Kodak but I ca n't bring myself to do it since I will not get the 20 % off.Highly disappointed .
 This product is NOT appropriately advertised . Note the music does NOT play with the pictures . I called Coby and was dismissed and told it plays music , just not with the pics . So my question is
 I tried to `` re-rate '' but was unable to change it from 2 to 4 stars . The problem I originally described below is related to the Mac file system and the `` extra files '' it puts on the card when you copy pictures to it . Those files were being read as picture files when it fact they were not . By deleting those files on my SD card all is well . Still , an extra step to go through . The files I thought I was deleting were not being deleted on the SD card because I was not emptying the trash on the mac desktop - hence they were still on the card . Before discovering the file issue , I tried 2 other frames and neither were as easy to use as this one . Despite my original review I can now recommend this picture frame.STRANGE BEHAVIOR
 Compared to other photo frames I 've seen / used this photo frame is the worst . The picture quality is horrible , the frame has none of its own storage and the operation of the frame is confusing . If you are comfortable with computers you should be fine , but I bought the frame for my parents and I know they 'll never use it because of the fact that you ca n't just turn it on and pictures start playing.I would have returned it if I would have ordered it earlier and had time to buy a different one.Don ' t buy this item !
 Coby DP-769 7-Inch Widescreen Digital Photo Frame with MP3 Player & 2 FramesThis unit came without a instruction manual and there was n't one on line . Makes this unit very hard to operate .
 Benjee , She was just being nice , I had to send it back to . 4-6 week wait for unit to be returned ! Had to include a money order for $ 18 . Coby gives a new meaning to the term `` LIMITED warranty '' . Plus postage cost , $ 11 . Problems I had .1 . When the photo frame reads the card , each picture is loaded twice . Once with picture as named ; e.g ; `` family '' . Then again as '' _ . family '' . Underscore dot in front of the original name In slideshow mode , the original picture `` family '' appears on the screen , then the screen goes black as it is reads '' _ . family '' . Sometimes it skips the blank image and I get a message that reads something like `` unable to read image '' on the screen . This is unacceptable .2 . The image is set to appear for 5 seconds , the default . This frame does not do this . The image appears for 10-15 seconds instead . The 10-5 seconds also applies to how long the black or no image appears .3 . The slideshow feature quits working . This happens at random . The only way to know is to wait and wait for the next image to appear.I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 The design and look of this picture frame is very nice . However , everything goes sour when you turn it on . The picture quality is so-so , but the limit of 500 pictures is really weak . The problem of aspect ratio is also an issue , but it 's ok if you do n't mind the black bars on the sides . I decided to return mine to Amazon because of the 500 photo limit . I really need more pictures to be able to be shown . My SD card can fit over 1500 on 256MB . It 's a shame , I liked the sleek design of the frame .
 This was a Christmas gift to me from my kids -- I was highly motivated to get it working . I tried it with both a Kingston USB memory stick and a SanDisk Ultra II memory card . The frame worked erratically at best -- not at all was more typical . The user interface is terrible , and the manual is poor.I called Coby tech support twice . The first time they told me to reload all of the pictures onto the memory card -LRB- which I did -- it did n't help -RRB- . The second time they told me that all of my pictures were too big , although all my pictures were way under the 6 MB limit stated in the manual . They refused to take the product back , and had no further suggestions.This is the worst electronic product I 've seen in the last 10 years .
 One preliminary note - I have NEVER felt the need to post a review ... until now -LRB- and I make a lot of online purchases -RRB- . The frame itself is OK . Although I would like to note that literally one half of the photos I loaded onto the frame did not work ; the frame claimed that they were corrupted . I found that hard to believe , considering that the photos were all in the same format.Here is where the review gets nasty.Upon experiencing this technical issue , I tried to contact Coby Customer Service . I called the hotline and I sent emails . I sat on hold for HOURS . None of the touchtone options functioned . -LRB- e.g. `` press 0 for an operator - there was no operator . -RRB- I never received an email response . Although it might seem hard to believe , based on the tone of this review , but I was extremely cordial ; I never made any accusations - I was the most obsequious customer they had ever seen . And still , nothing.If you are looking for a frame that functions 100 % , this is not your frame . If you are looking to purchase a high-tech item from a company that will assist you with any problems you experience , this is not your company.One positive note - Amazon.com was extremely helpful with my return .
 I expected the quality of the pictures to be similar to my computer screen and they are grainy at best . I wish I had known this before purchasing it for a gift .
 I purchased two frames for christmas gifts , and I returned them as fast as I got them . The product per se is good , but the quality of the pictures was very bad . So bad , I needed to tilt it a little bit to see what photo was showing . I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 Did n't work right from the beginning :-LRB- thankful I bought it from Amazon , they refund the money right away , and paid for return shipping : -RRB-
 This is the cutest and most useable portable digital photo frame that I have seen and I 've looked at many . Also the most cost effective . Problem is it does n't work ! The MENU button was dead - did n't respond . Package inserts said call Coby before returning - so I did . Coby 's instant response was return it . If you return it to Coby , you have to pay postage , even though it is a defective product , you still pay postage . Amazon covered the return , however Amazon did not issue a replacement , I had to order another one . 2nd try - same problem , dead MENU button . 2nd call to Coby - same answer - just return it . No help offered . When I asked the tech if they had a recurring problem as I did , tech said my best option was to just return it.I love the potential here , but the frustration was over the edge . Coby is not a company that I will deal with in the future , however Amazon was very good about returning and crediting and paying the postage . I highly recommend shopping @ Amazon . As for the Coby portable frame , my best advice is DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I could not make this frame to show pictures with the correct aspect ratio - given that I wanted to use the entire screen . The original 4x3 pictures would show either in the center of the screen -LRB- with black stripes on left and right -RRB- , or you can switch to the widescreen mode - then everyone looks fatty . I thought that zoom function would do the trick - no way . In the 4x3 mode the left and right stripes are there despite of the zoom . I tried to resize/crop images on my PC hoping to make it work - no way . Tried resizing/cropping to 480x270 -LRB- which is 16x9 -RRB- or to the frame 's native resolution of 480x239 . It would show then black stripes on the top and the bottom , and the picture would still be distorted . I guess it is all really a firmware problem , but could not find any updates on Coby 's website -LRB- they say in the manual that occasionally they have firmware updates -RRB- . After a while another problem popped up - the frame started randomly showing snowy lines across images . I already had enough of trouble with it . Returned as defective.Haven ' t even tried multimedia features .
 I purchased this product to play videos in a store setting . I opened it up , the screen was very nice and the pictures were clear . The MP3 worked well with clear speakers and a nice volume . Then the video ... I am a Digital Film major so I know all about compression , codex , etc. . I could not get one single video to play on this machine . I tried every video type listed on the box with several different resolutions . I called tech support 3 times and they knew nothing other than . . `` use the lowest resolution possible . '' Which , if you know anything about video , does n't even make sense . I could render a video at 2 pixels by 2 pixels that you would n't be able to see!Finally , they said they would transfer me to `` advanced '' tech support and that I would be receiving a call shortly . I waited on writing this review for over 3 weeks after that call and I still have n't heard back from Coby . I KNEW they were just blowing me off . I will NEVER purchase another Coby product . Do n't expect much support . On the plus side , I finally got a video to `` play . '' It showed only the first frame and took up about 1/4 of the screen . It then froze and locked up the frame until I shut it off . It now makes a lovely paper weight .
 I bought this digital frame to see my pics without being stuck with my laptop . But first there was problem in detecting the memory card.After one hour I came to know that touch screen digital frame does not work on its own but Remote can make it detect the card . Then I tried connecting it to my laptop to transfer pics to the digital card and I got the UNKNOWN USB DEVICE error . I called up COBY customer support and they suggested I should return the frame . I did so and got my money back within 2 weeks .
 I purchases this as a gift and preloaded photos for my mother-in-law . Because I had purchased a similar product from a different company earlier last year I thought I knew what I was doing . The instructions were confusing and there was no way to load photos into the memory directly from the computer to the frame . A memory card or zip drive was required . This was a last-minute gift and it arrived Christmas Eve or I would have returned it and purchased another product .
 I had ordered a Coby Dp6797-7 Digital Photo Frame for my some for Xmas and when he went to set it up it would not work . It was distorted and there was a line in the pictures . He will be returning the item before the deadline and hopefully will receive one that works .
 We purchased this frame in December , and it stopped working within 5 months . We called COBY for a warranty replacement , but it only has a 90 day warranty , and they would not replace it .
 I purchased a Coby DP679 Digital Photo Frame for my parents as a Xmas gift and after the 3rd use the screen is now dark - not working . Customer service says that since this unit is out of the 90-day warranty , there is nothing they can do -LRB- including a repair at my expense -RRB- . This will be the first and last item I purchase from Coby!Coby DP-769 7-Inch Widescreen Digital Photo Frame with MP3 Player & 2 Frames
 The good
 The most important feature for me was the ability to display photos and play MP3 's for backround music at the same time . This thing wo n't do it , and the description led me to believe it would ...
 The website is DOWN . First problem . Second , their customer service phone number is closed when their literature and their audio prompting hours say that it is open . So , in short , my unit does not work and I ca n't get any help . Disappointing.Of the five images I loaded , it only displays two . They are similar file formats and similar sizes -LRB- physically and digitally -RRB- . I tried to view mp4 videos -LRB- which it says it will do -RRB- and it locked up and required a cold boot . When I plug the unit into a USB connection , I see FOUR drives attached , but each has zero bytes available , zero bytes used . I had to load images onto a SD disc using another piece of hardware.Not happy .
 I bought this digital frame for my wife for Christmas , 2009 . It has a lot of nice features like an MP3 player and a couple of different color frames . What it does not have is the capability to utilize an SDHC card . In other words any media card over 2 GB is not going to work without an additional external reader plugged into the USB slot . So after spending $ 25 on a 4GB media card I needed to spend another $ 25 on a card reader that would read SDHC cards . Strikes number 1 and 2 . Fast forward 5 1/2 months to May 2010 . The frame quits one day . Working one minute , nothing the next . I called Coby and they told me the warranty expired . WHAT ??? It 's only 5 1/2 months old ! 90 day warranty is all they offer on the frame . Completely ridiculous . Suggest I take it to a ` repair ' shop to have fixed . Only offering a 90 day warranty on your product says to me you do n't believe in the quality of your products.Do yourself a favor and do n't be tempted by the low -LRB- er -RRB- price . Spend the money upfront and get a quality product that accepts SHDC cards and offers a 1 year -LRB- or longer -RRB- warranty . I learned a lesson here . I will NEVER buy a Coby product again solely based on the fact that they only offer 90 day warranties on almost all of their products with few exceptions.Junk , junk , junk !
 Company sayit shipped and I still can not trace it using the UPS tracking numbers . UPS says tha the label was created on 01/11/2012 -LRB- that 's almost 11 months ago -RRB- . NEED MY PRODUCT NOW !!!!
 Bought this for my wife as a Christmas present and it had issues . Could not clean pictures off of the internal memory -LRB- and I 'm an IT guy so I 'm not completely illiterate when it comes to technology -RRB- . I could however still use a memory card to load pictures . Then about a year later it just quit working . I would not recommend this product .
 It seems the product arrived with some problem because I can not see a video file correctly . There is a delay in the video speed and the device stops after 5 minutes working without warning.As I bought it and only tested at home -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , now I have this awful device looking at me without working and no technical support .
 The first one of these I received had something inside the picture frame that was rattling around loose and when I turned it on the screen was all wavy lines . I was able to return it to the seller , they paid shipping , and received another one at no charge . That one worked for about a month before it stopped working . When I tried to return to seller I was told I had to go directly to Coby as the sellers 30 day return policy expired . I contacted Coby and they want me to ship it back to them at my expense and to also include $ 10.00 for them to send me a replacement . Given their record with this item I doubt I 'll get one that works for very long if it works at all . If in fact the next replacement did not work I can expect to continue sending them back at my expense along with $ 10.00 again . Horrible warranty.I 'll never purchase another Coby product .
 I have purchased two digital photo frames recently . This was one of the two . This Coby frame is a little more difficult to operate and the photos are not very clear . However , this frame was alot less expensive . So I guess you get what you pay for .
 I can not get this to cycle through more than 6 or 7 pictures before it totally locks up and I have to use the reset function built into the back of the unit . Right now it 's sitting in a drawer collecting dust , as it is useless to me . I bought this several months ago and have tried since day one to get help from coby but with no result . They only have an online support system with no live intellect behind it . I will NEVER buy another coby product again . I advise those who do , to keep your reciept and make sure you are able to return the product.It 's been quite a while since I purchased this and still no help from Coby support . I stand on my original review about this product being the worst I 've purchased and STILL will NOT buy any thing with the name Coby on it . I hope this company goes under and makes way for one that builds quality products and plans to support them . Let my $ 100 mistake be a warning to all not to purchase a Coby product .
 I bought this as a gift to my mother-in-law so she can load up her grandson 's photos and not have to carry bulky photo albums in her purse , as she does today . The frame is a perfect purse size with a good quality display.Unfortunately , the device does not have a good way to navigate through hundreds of photos it can store . There is a thumbnail view showing 4 on each row . In order to get to the photo # 500 from , you have to push next button 499 times if you just turned it on . It does n't save where you left off . There is no page up and down to speed up the browsing . So , if you loaded the frame to its max capacity and have SD card , be prepare to push next button many many times.Another problem I had that the buttons were not very responsive . It may have been a malfunction on the device I received . When you have to push 500 + times to get to the last photo pushing on an unresponsive button it can be quite frustrating .
 I really wanted to like this photo frame , especially for the price . Sadly , it was not to be.The fact is , the screen is not that great . It 's resolution makes any photo on it pixelated , and in slideshow mode you can barely tell what the pictures are you 're looking at . The fact that it 's `` widescreen '' makes it impossible to display any of your pictures properly on it ; they must have had surplus DVD player screens sitting around or something.The fact is you can find nicer screens for just a bit more , so keep looking . I would NOT buy one of these again , fortunately I gave it away as a gift so I do n't have to suffer with the thing any more.Recommended Alternatives : Pandigital 8.0-Inch LCD Digital Photo Frame with PanTouchPandigital 11-Inch LCD Digital Picture Frame
 My goodness I did n't not think anyone could actually sell something with such poor image quality . I got it as a gift and feel bad the person probably spent $ 50 on this .
 First one arrived but did not display photos properly . The images were off-center so that the center of the photo was pushed down and to the right by about 2 inches . This pushed the far right of the photo to the far left of the picture frame and the bottom of the photo to the top of the screen.Returned it to Amazon and ordered a replacement.Second one arrived with the same problem , but the images were only off-center by about .75 inches . If the glitch in the units just shifted the photo down and to the right so that part of the photo was just missing or offscreen , I might not even notice or care for most of my photos , but the glitch pushed the image down and right but reproduces the `` lost '' part on the left and top , which really made it hard to look at the photos.I 'm trying a different brand .
 I purchased the Coby 10 '' digital photo frame with a 4 gb card -LRB- shown as an accessary -RRB- . It did not work and I sent it back , but Coby made me pay freight both ways . I received a new one and it also did n't work . I went out and purchased another 4gb card and it still did n't work . Now they wo n't even answer my e-mails for support .
 I ordered two of these digi-frames because I loved the specs and the look of the product . Boy , was I fooled . I 'd planned to give these as gifts , but the device did NOT work as promised . It was good that I 'd ordered two , so that I could determine if I 'd just gotten a lemon out of one of them . Nope ! Neither unit worked properly . I returned them to Amazon . Kudos to Amazon for an excellent return policy and procedure ! I 've since replaced these units with the Kodak M1020 . Loved 'em ! They worked as promised ; actually , they exceeded my expectations . I 'd give the Kodak digi-frames at least 4 , and maybe 5 , stars . Skip the Coby units .
 I bought one of these for a Christmas gift , loaded some pix and gave it to my Mom.First off , when you turn it on , it takes you to a menu . not a good thing for an 85 y.o. woman . But I finally taught her how to get to the photos.Not real intuitive.Occasionally , interference comes across the screen in the form of lines taking up about 1/5th of the photo . The plastic is a little cheesy too.My sister bought one for her mother in law and the unit was much simpler to use and much nicer looking . Spend a few more dollars , you 'll thank me .
 I am not impressed with this frame . I purchased it as a gift and gave it , but if I had ordered it for myself I probably would have returned it . It does not do a random show , so it will only play the pictures in the order they are saved on the card . Oh well . I own a frame around the same price from a different company that is much better .
 Poorly designed casing affects the quality of the device - the LCD panel has better viewing from positive vertical angles , literally flipping the thing over greatly improves its viewability when placed on a horizontal surface with the included stand , but this requires all the JPEG files to be rotated by 180 degres.Otherwise its an ok device at the price .
 Got this item for my Grandparents for Christmas I even preloaded pictures on a memory card for them to show them on Christmas day . What a bummer the frame did n't even work . I ca n't get it to do anything no matter what I do . Support is horrible 6-8 week for replacement !! Save yourself headaches and get some other frame its worth the extra money !
 I bought this for my parents and parents-in-law , to send them pix of their granddaughter . When I went to sync photos onto it with my Mac Powerbook G4 , however , over half of the photos inexplicably failed to copy . I spent over two hours trying different solutions
 First of all , this review is for the COBY DP-758 ONLY . be forewarned , Amazon has this tendency lately to lump reviews for different products together , which makes finding accurate ones for what YOU are purchasing difficult at best ! That being said , here 's my review
 Bought one and sent it back and thought I had just bought a bad one , re-ordered and the replacement was bad too . The product shows a real clear picture but is very difficult to get it to work . Do n't buy this product as it has many techincal problems .
 I purchased this digital photo frame for my wife for Christmas . What sold me was the MP3 player and the ability to play video -- although mostly we hoped to use it as a picture frame.Well , I followed the instructions and took a few dozen snapshots and put them on an SD card . They loaded up but the pictures -- which are mostly portraits and look pretty decent on a computer -- had white faces . I mean solid white . The backgrounds were very dark . There is no contrast setting and it was impossible to make any adjustments . Only about one in 10 pictures looks okay ; the other 9 are unacceptable.The widescreen is also disappointing . I think , if you 're like me , you 'll find that most pictures do n't fit the widescreen . I spent an hour trimming up a bunch of photos to fit the screen but they actually looked worse . If you hit the ratio button on the remote , it just stretchs out the picture and makes everyone look fat.Needless to say I never got around to figuring out the video and audio . I returned the unit to Amazon . What did surprise me is how easy it is to return something -- the whole process was very smooth and they even picked up the return shipping -- which kind of suprised me.I 'm going to buy a new one but it wo n't be widescreen and I will check it out at a brick and mortar first .
 I bought this for my Dad as a WMA player - the photo album was a bonus . Well , I could n't get WMAs onto it and when I contacted Coby customer service about the problem , she said , `` Well it 's really not made to be an MP3 or WMA player - it 's a portable digital photo album . '' She was no further help - I 'm returning it to Amazon !
 Although the frame itself looked good , it did n't work . After calling customer service , I decided to return it for a full refund . I ordered a Koday Easy Share SV11 ... which worked great.Do your homework and look at all reviews and specifications before ordering any frame.In my opinion , you ca n't beat Kodak 's frame .
 I was unable to upload photos onto the frame from my camera . I called the company and they informed me that this feature does not actually work . When I pointed out that the manual describes how to do this , they repeated that this is not actually possible.So I got a USB cord and tried to load photos straight from my computer . That did n't work either . So I returned it.It is a pretty and affordable frame , so if you can figure out how to get photos onto it I 'm sure it is wonderful . If you ca n't , do n't say I did n't warn you .
 Turns out I got the wrong item ; she wanted one that took batteries . Never told me that but I 'm still in the Dog House . Move over , Tiger Woods .
 I am very disappointed of Amazon . I order 2 frames one of them was broken
 OK , so I have the previous 450 VA model , but it just failed on me causing a power outage . The battery failed , and power just went out . The next day , the battery bad indicator starting beeping but TOO LATE . For an uninterruptible power supply to cause a power outage is just unacceptable.Everything I have gotten from Belkin has been poorly designed . I replaced with an APC . They seem to have a clue .
 Had two of these at work crap out and die within a year of each other . All our UPS units are Belkin and we 've had issues , greater or smaller , with all of them . These F6H500s in particular died with no warning , under no undue circumstances -LRB- lightning strike , etc -RRB- and when that happened there was absolutely nothing I could do with them . There was no self-test , no blinking lights . Dead . They became expensive 12-pound bricks .
 I bought 12 -LRB- yes 12 -RRB- of these to protect all my computers . The fact is that they all work really great if your gon na skip the software -LRB- although the software is what properly shuts the computer down before the battery dies -RRB- . On every single one of them , the software will lose connection with the UPS after a few days rendering the software useless . The only way to fix this is to shut everything down , turn the ups off , unplug the ups for a minute , plug it back in and boot everything up again . This will give you a few more days . Being that I never shut my computers down , this sucks royally . It happens to ALL 12 on different machines so that confirms a design flaw in this unit . I look for a bios update to possibly fix the problem often , but no luck on belkins site . BUYERS BEWARE !!!!
 If you care about USB -LRB- rather than serial -RRB- and you care about it ` just working ' with your windows XP , then buy something else.I got sent the one with a serial cable , and some terribly poor software.I used windows XP 's UPS control panel -LRB- power management -RRB- and I think I had to say it was an APC serial device.No idea if it 's doing the right thing - my confidence is low with this product.However , if you do n't mind serial , and running other s/ware - it 's probably OK .
 If you care about USB and XP compatibility , do n't buy this.Otherwise , go for it .
 I had an AC device short out and blow the main fuse while plugged into a different outlet strip . This Belkin `` Surge Protector '' outlet strip powered my Dell laptop through it 's power supply . The other devices on a different outlet strip on the same circuit survived the surge . Meanwhile , flames shot out of this Belkin `` Surge Protector '' while the laptop suddenly went dark . Amazingly , the power surge rocketed through the `` Surge Protector '' outlet strip blowing out its guts in an explosive fireball . After toasting the `` Surge Protector '' outlet strip , it fried the motherboard of my Dell laptop . You know there is n't even a fuse in this thing ? It is not ment to be taken apart , which I did anyway . Back carbon coated the inside of the `` Surge Protector '' outlet strip . The tracings on the circuit board were vaporized.Nice job , Belkin . You never really know how well protected you are until a disaster strikes . The amount of protection which Belkin provided me today
 Great deal ; two monitors , headset mounting & stands , multiple vid inputs , headphones for each monitors , and other pluses ... but it ca n't seem to take the vibrations of a moving vehicle . I 've set it on seats , on absorbing pillows ... it 's ridicules how much it skips . But at home on a table top , it 's outstanding . Hell , you got ta wonder why it 's listed as `` currently not available '' , and I ca n't seem to find it listed on Audiovox 's website .
 I bought this as a quality extension for my Kodak printer , , , it did not handle the volume of data , , , I tried it on another printer , , , no luck there either.It 's only good for use with the mouse or key board .
 I also tried to use this to boost the very low audio from the AVIC-F500BT and it introduces a significant amount of engine noise from the power line without any direct ground except -LRB- I assume -RRB- through the RCA 's -LRB- who wants that ?? -RRB- . I 'm surprised it was n't designed to eliminate this as other inline boosters do - very poor design and one that is n't very functional without adding a filter.I do not recommend this product , but if you do use it , be prepared to get a filter to remove the engine noise .
 I tried this booster between a Pioneer AVIC-F500BT and the amp to boost the output signal of media audio . It boosted the signal , but introduced so much noise I pulled it right back out . In all fairness I 'm not sure this is a good application for this part . Might work for whatever you need to boost !
 Thumbs down all the way.I bought this and had to return it within a week . I have used many GPSs Different brands and models and this is the worst.It was constantly hanging , and I had to reset it everytime . RESET - not just power off-power on.Lost signals regularly . Once I was driving on a straight tree lined street -LRB- about 2 miles -RRB- and it kept recalculating the route every 50 yards or so ... Bulky.Worth no Stars . Do not buy it .
 The chip is way outdated and the GPS does not identify the street you are to turn on .
 This thing works off a satelite ? How come it ca n't get the time right ? If you do n't mind getting detoured off a main road then back onto the same road after going out of your way ; I reckon its alright , lol . It also freezes up now and again out of the blue ; why ? ai n't no tellin ' . I would recommend someone looking for a gps to find one that actually works .
 This GPS was made in 2007 but does not allow many street numbers present for many years . It misidentifies roads and sometimes routes you incorrectly . It tells you to take nonexistent exits and turns . It has frequent software errors that require restarts only possible by cutting all power . Update 1/3/09 Audiovox -LRB- Jensen -RRB- responded to my complaint as follows
 This printer is a piece of junk . I bought it specifically to print out our wedding invitations . When I went to print out our test invites , they were coming up with a faint gray background and gray streaks across the paper . It was like someone had slightly rolled over the paper with rolling pin with ink on it . I called technical support about the problem . They had me change several different settings on the printer , none of which solved the problem . They then asked me to mail them print samples to Lexington , KY. . Here I was needing to print my wedding invitations , and they were having me mail print samples back and forth . I mailed them the samples and they call me back the next week to tell me that the technician has determined that the printer is defective . Fine , I say . When can I get a replacement ? They told me that they wo n't replace the printer with the same model , because this model has too many defects . But I can upgrade to another model for $ 200 more or I can request a refund . I opted for the refund and faxed them a copy of my invoice on August 28th , 2007 . They sent a courier to pick up the brick of a printer . It 's now October 12th , and I have no printer and no refund . I ended up having to take my invitations to a printer and spent almost $ 400 for something I should have been able to do at home . I called Lexmark again yesterday and spoke to the supervisor , `` Pete . '' Pete told me that he would contact the concerns department and call me back today . I asked how I could get into contact with the concerns department directly , and Pete told me that they do n't have a phone number for them . Needless to say , Pete never called me back today . So I called in again , sat on hold for 20 minutes , and asked for Pete . `` Max '' tells me that Pete has already gone home for the day . He then looks through my case and tells me that they wo n't issue a refund until they receive confirmation from the courier that the printer has been picked up , and they have n't received that yet . It 's now been 2 months since my printer broke . I 've got no printer and Lexmark is holding onto the $ 600 that I paid for it . Do not do business with these people !
 I bought this printer and it ran fine for a month . Then the photo-conductor had a problem . Support indicated they would ship a replacement and I would be a happy camper . Now 4 weeks have passed by and the part has not shown up . I called them repeatedly and was always told that it would ship in the next 2 days . Finally I got fed up and thought I would just go out and buy it . And guess what , nothing was available to buy . Not from Lexmark and not from the 3-4 dealers I called.Finally I came back to Amazon and it seems they have 3 in stock . So I am going to get 1 -LRB- I hope -RRB- . But it is amazing that a printer company can be out of consumables for a recent and relatively high end printer for this long . Just makes me wonder if the management has it together.Their stock seems to be tanking . This is my first Lexmark . Seems I should have stuck with HP etc. .
 I bought this printer to use as an all around printer for a small 3 person office . Most what we print are letters in black and white . Please be aware that this printer comes with `` starter '' toner cartridges , that only last about 1200 copies . OK . I order a complete set of cartridges as well as the required `` photoelectric units '' that cost a total of about $ 800 . Figure I should be set for awhile , because I very rarely print in color , only black . A month and a half later , the color toner units are running out again ! I figure that it must be a mistake . I call Lexmark technical support , and they tell me that even if you are only printing in black , the printer also uses the color toner units !! If you dont want the printer to use the color toner cartridges , you must physically remove them from the printer ! Unbelievable ! The other problem I see is that every time we need to print a letter , it takes 1-4 minutes for the printer to warm up . This printer does work well as a -LRB- very expensive supplies -RRB- dedicated color printer . Just do you research before you buy .
 ONE STAR BECAUSE YOU CA N'T CHOOSE ZERO . I would strongly recommend against purchasing this printer . I purchased a c534dtn December , 2006 . I understood the unit would have a 5 year warranty . 1 year plus 4 years for registering . After less than two years of use , the unit is showing a `` 950.40 NVRAM Mismatch '' error and is not useable . I contacted Lexmark and they said the unit is out of warranty - that the warranty is only a year -LRB- i plan to continue following up on this -RRB- and referred me to a service technician . The service technician told me that to fix the unit , the whole system board would have to be replaced . The system board is $ 699 -LRB- and no stock of the system board shows available -RRB- . Additional labor costs for installation of the system board -LRB- minimum $ 300 -RRB- would drive the repair cost above the total cost of the printer . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRINTER -
 We have had this printer for about a year . Besides some kind of consumable seemingly always running out , this printer routinely reports fathom printer jams , very frustrating . It seems to really get unhappy with Manual paper feeds , so dont purchase if you ever want to do that.Networking has worked great though , except finding the right drivers for this printer is unnecessarily difficult . For example
 I initially purchased this printer based on price and quality reviews . The printer -LRB- when it is working properly -RRB- has very good print quality for my brochures and flyers as well as cards . I have been on the phone with technical support 4 times so far with varying problems.The first problem was color printing of graphics . If you try to print a larger file you can expect to wait 5 to 10 minutes for the initial output . Lexmark technical support was unable to correct this problem . They tried new drivers and updates but nothing worked . They finally told me they would have to get back to me in a couple days with a solution . -LRB- Have you heard from them ? -RRB- I am still waiting several weeks later for a call back . The next problem I had was the duplex settings . -LRB- I purchased the C534DN -RRB- I had to call technical support because they did not include a manual that explains any of the setup . Now every document that has 2 or more pages prints on both sides , whether I want it to or not . I have to manually set the printer software each time to print on single page every time I do not want duplex printing . The third problem I had was a software conflict with Microsoft Publisher printing duplex . I have to manually tell the printer to print duplex -LRB- even though it is already set to print duplex -RRB- every time I print a brochure or two sided document out of Microsoft Publisher . Plus the color that appears on the monitor of my printer is not always the color -LRB- shading -RRB- that prints on paper . The most recent problem is a `` Service Motor Error '' that I have to wait for Lexmark to send a service person out to repair a NEW PRINTER !!!!! So if you have a lot of time and do not mind dealing with multiple problems , this may be the printer for you . The initial cost is less than $ 400.00 and I have found cartridges for less than -LSB- . . -RSB- per color with high volume printing capability . For a small business this would be a great printer if it had MUCH LESS problems.Good Luck and Happy Shopping .
 I bought 3 of these printers a little over 1 year ago , and they started out printing very well . By the end of their 2nd week in service , one had already run out all 4 cartridges out of toner . This printer eats supplies and parts much faster than Lexmark had led me to believe . Today 1 year later , 1 unit is out of service and totaled , and the other 2 are not far behind . They cost too much to supply and they have not held up well at all . We will not purchase another Lexmark product again .
 FYI - I purchased a new Lexmark C524 Laser Printer from this website several months ago . The shipping box did not contain an Operator 's Manual or setup instructions . The setup instructions contained in the printer 's memory could n't be pulled up . Lexmark 's website does offer Operator Manuals for downloading . However , for several weeks the manuals would n't download . After two months of calls/e-mails/letters to Lexmark , an off-shore/contract customer service person phoned ... only to inform me they did n't know how to set-up a C524 printer . Two weeks & 2-3 phone calls later , I finally found someone at Lexmark who knew how to setup this piece of equipment . Approximately 100-150 printed sheets later , the black ink ran out . I was informed that the toner cartridges included as part of a Lexmark printers initial cost are only partially filled . To refill all 4 ink cartridges cost almost double the printer 's purchase price.The color/print quality is good . However , print time is extremely slow .
 Not really the Mil-Spec type quality I was hoping for . The strap clasps are plastic and detach easily . They have n't broken , but I do n't see them standing up to much real abuse . I 've had them detach quite easily on a couple occasions as well when i put my hand on the clasp while carrying it on my shoulder , -LRB- since it 's a rather natural place to rest your hand . -RRB- Having one end of the strap detach sends the bag to the ground pretty quickly if there 's any weight in it .
 It 's a mistake to buy this - ge something that protects the screen from scratches , or you 'll regret it .
 The hardware design is great . Multilingual display , backlit remote also display track info . Camera is at acceptable quality . Noisy as usual in dark environment . Can not be a digital camera replacement but can be good if you just need a quick snapshot of something.The mp3 decoding has a little too much noise . Very noticeable when playing certain kind of `` quiet '' music such as classical or any form of unplugged instrumental , even the mp3 files are encoded at 320kbps constant bit rate stereo . The interface response time is a little sluggish , like one or two second delay after each button click . Honestly I 'm not very happy with this product due to these two issues since I spent $ 420 for this and I 'm expecting excellent quality . I hope they can be resolved through a firmware update.Remix function is fairly neat , but I do n't really use it . Quite some work to set up one remix , and you have to do it per track . I wish there is a remix setup per album / playlist function option.The m : trip software is fair . Need some work as well , such as the playlist order easily get messed up by browsing in other search method list . And some music files fail to accept an album cover image even it 's showing in m : trip . Biggest complain is when you have a bunch of mp3s under one album , and if they do n't have track no . tagged in their info , m : trip will upload them to the player regardless of the track file names , that is you can have the files in order in winamp -LRB- since winamp load files in numeric / alphabetical order -RRB- , but not in m : robe . I have to go in and type in the track no . to make m : trip place them in order , and I have to do it one by one , no auto numbering functions.Honestly , I would say , wait for firmware / software update for this pricey unpolished product ... It would totally deserve a 5 stars rating if they can fix these issues .
 OH MY GOSH !!! I 've got the m : robe instead of the i-pod for christmas , and man was it a huge mistake ! I wanted to try something new , but it just sucks . If you are in to convenience than I would n't count on the m : robe . Because it 's so big and bulky , it ca n't easily fit into pockets , and if you 're the athletic type , it 's even worse for running because it 's slippary and heavy . The touch screen is n't very good eather . There are little dots on the screen you have to touch in order for the command to regester in the m : robe , and it 's a hassle to have to keep pressing the screen over and over again . Since you are pressing the screen over and over again another problem arises . The screen is a fingerprint magnet and they 're hard to get rid of . Scrolling through the songs takes a long time , and is much faster on an i-pod because it stops every few seconds . The shuffle mode is n't good because it is n't really a shuffle , you could have 450 songs in you library and hear the same song twice in 20minutes . As for the camera i 'd have to say it 's just about the worst part . The camera is soooo junk , and you , as well as the picture you are trying to capture have to be super , super , super , still in order for the pic to come out clear , and even if it does come out clear , the lighting is really bad because the light only works for about 3feet , plus on top of the whole thing there 's no zoom . I guess it 's okay because it can be plugged into the wall , but not directly . You have to first plug the adapter into the wall , and then plug the base into the adapter , which then leaves you with 4feet of wire . The m : robe screen is also very bad because it gets scratched very easily and my headphones broke within 2 months . Bah.All in all , i 'd say to STAY AWAY from the Olympus m : robe because there are just TOO MANY BAD THINGS ! 1 . TOUCH SCREEN THAT IS NOT VERY SENSITIVE SO YOU 'LL BE PUSHING THE SCREEN ALL DAY2 . THE SCREEN WHICH IS A FINGER PRINT MAGNET3 . THE SHUFFLE WHICH DOES N'T EVEN SHUFFLE4 . THE CAMERA , WHOSE LIGHT ONLY REACHES UP TO 3FEET IN FRONT OF YOU5 . THE PERSON TAKING THE PICTURE AND THE THING IN THE PICTURE HAS TO BE DEAD STILL IN ORDER FOR THE PICTURE TO COME OUT6 . THE 4 FEET OF WIRES YOU HAVE TO CARRY AROUND WITH YOU JUST TO CHARGE THE THING ! 7 . THE SOFTWARE PROGRAM WHICH CONSTANTLY FREEZES8 . THE HEAVYNESS AND BULKINESS OF ITBASICALLY . IT SUCKS . GET AN I-POD INSTEAD . PLAIN AND SIMPLE .
 I purchased the M : Robe500 about 4 days ago , and it was great to begin with . When I installed the software onto my computer and uploaded music to sync to my M : Robe it would not allow me to sync music onto my M : Robe . After playing with it for only a short time , the M : Robe froze and I was unable to turn it off or even reboot it , and when I called an Olympus service provider they informed me that my M : Robe had a battery defect . I thought that maybe it was just that one specific M : Robe that had a defect , so I returned it and exchanged it for another one . I have currently had this one for 2 days , and again , the software will not allow me to sync music onto my M : Robe , and when I was browsing through some pictures I had just taken , the M : Robe froze and will not allow me to reboot . I will be returning this product tomorrow for a full refund.My computer is brand new , I had just bought it the day before buying the M : Robe , so I know it is not a defect in my computer , but a defect in the software as well as the battery.Pros : - Fun to play with.-Camera works decently.-Cool looking.Cons : - Horrible battery life.-Software does not work-Battery does not last as long as it says it does . If you 're lucky it lasts about 2 hours.-Can not upload music.-Unable to connect to t.v. like it says it should.Consider buying a creative or sandisk . They are much better than this piece of junk.Trust me , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 ~ pros ~ cameratouch screenhuge displayyou can use your fingers on the touch screen ~ cons ~ BATTERY LIFE -LRB- 1-2 hrs . -RRB- gets dirty easily -LRB- fingerprints -RRB- also scratches easilynot a good volume controlthe headphones make no sense at all -LRB- one headphone cord is longer then the other -RRB- I think that this mp3 player should go to people who listen to music not very often . If you use this at home , no problems . I have to say that the software is kind of cheesy . And if you had an iPod , you have to convert all of your songs to mp3 format -LRB- kinda annoying -RRB-
 The fact that the m : robe can only be managed by one computer is very inconvenient . I got mine as a present with some pictures and tracks already recorded . I had to delete them all to be able to use the m : robe on my own PC.Also , battery life is nowhere near 8 hours , it 's around 3-4 hours on mine .
 For the short period of time my m : robe actually worked I found the following : Pro
 I would NOT reccomend this at all . The graphics are okay . ~ Pros ~ TouchscreenCamera ~ Cons ~ Software does NOT workTouchscreen not very responsiveBattery is horrible even with screen offCamera is a horrible quality
 have this machine since 2 years and it worked fine in the beginning . The noise is quite loud but I can live with that.Whats really disappointing is the support of the Samsung Company . I used Mac OS X 10.4 and everything was fine . Upgraded to Leopard 10.5 and I had to wait 3 months -LRB- ! -RRB- for them to update their drivers.It still can get worse
 General message for Companies that do not ship a item to an APO `` U.S. Military Address overseas '' Please support the military families deployed overseas by shipping through the U.S. Postal systemWe would love to write a review for this item if we could receive it !!!
 Works great , great picture , and can definately handle a load , BUT , dont ever move it . The HDMI connector felt cheap for starters-didn ' t pay that much for it-but in my situation in which the cable had to be removed a few times for other mantainence in my rack and viola the connector comes off and leaves the pins there . Could n't fix . Would n't trust it again or recommend it if you ever have to touch it again after install .
 I had the following problems with this phone : - Random Caller ID , sometimes it would show up , sometimes NOT - Sometimes the phone will ring , most of the time it will NOT - Lousy reception - Speaker Phone is way too loud , even on the lowest setting
 Have had this now for about 18 mos and we 're at our wits end . Ready to head somewhere else and get new set.Features that are breaking our back :1 -RRB- Unreliable caller ID - usually `` no data '' or `` incomplete data `` 2 -RRB- Backlights come on for no reason , many times per day , ca n't have this in our bedroom or a glowing blue light will come on many times of night , from the phone3 -RRB- Wireless internet DOES get disconnected sometimes when the phone rings -LRB- so how is this DECT supposed to help us ? -RRB- This is enough - we 've given it a good try and ready to move back to 5.8 ghz with maybe Panasonic or AT&T ; .
 Phone ReviewWhat a piece of junk ! I had purchased this in a hurry because my AT&T ; 2.4 G phone got dropped for the last time and I could not find another one.I give the GE phone 1 point for decent coverage ; that 's where it 's goodness ends . I was getting constant complaints about my voice intermittently sounding warbly and/or chipmunky and the phone cutting in/out ; this was hell for one family member who lives with a brain injury sustained from a stroke . I also could n't believe that at $ 90 , the phone directory had to be manually entered into each phone . Not to mention that every time I ended a call , expecting to immediately dial my next call , I 'd first have to play button roulette to clear the current message on the display . Man , what an absolute piece of garbage ! Ironically , my last experiment with newer cordless technology was when I tried to update to 5.8 G a couple of years ago . That too was a disappointing experience.I was preparing to return the GE phones not knowing what I was going to replace it with ; it 's so tough finding phones with good reviews on the web . As luck would have it , a freshly delivered Best Buy flyer in my mailbox had an AT&T ; 2.4 G triple handset phone package -LRB- model E2903B -RRB- on sale for $ 50 . I ca n't believe it : - I have great coverage and reception-no interference from my wireless internet connection-no interference around the microwaves-the 3 handsets automatically update each other 's directoriesGE has always chosen garbage cordless phones and this one was no exception . I say `` chosen '' because consumer electronics are always OEM 'd overseas and then companies like GE , AT&T ; , Uniden , etc align themselves with an OEM and put their name on the product.Anyhow , do n't waste your time on this product . I 'm going to look for the AT&T ; E2903B and write a glowing review which will hopefully save all you good folks out there time and money .
 worst audio i have ever experienced on a cordless phone . i could barely hear the other caller with the volume up to its highest level . when i could hear anything at all , it was so garbled i had no idea what they were saying . the ringer volume is so low if you are not in the same room as the phone , you miss the call . the handset is another problem . because the volume is so low , i was constantly moving the unit to see if i could hear better and was n't sure if the earpiece was lined up correctly to my ear . the shape of the phone does not make it easy to know if you are holding it in the correct position . this piece of junk is going back to the store tomorrow .
 We purchased this phone explicitly because we wanted a system that would not interfere with our computer wireless system . Well , I have to admit that feature works fine . On the other hand , and certainly more important for any phone , the sound quality is simply horrible . Callers have to repeat what they have said because the audio is so clipped and muddled . The problem is not our wiring - other cordless phones work just fine . Save your money - this system is not worth it .
 We 've owned , or should I say , suffered with this phone for more than a year . The sound quality is poor , and the volume insufficient . I do not have a hearing impairment , but I constantly have to ask people on the other end to repeat themselves . Even the top range of the volume control leaves me frustrated , trying to interpret a muffled-sounding voice . Disappointing purchase .
 I got one at the local Circuit City , as the only DECT phone w/o an answering machine I could find.I agree with other reviewers
 After moving into a house , I thought I 'd give cordless phones another try , hoping the problems experienced in apartment life would not apply.I bought and love AT&T ; 's 2.4 Ghz cordless phone -LRB- comes w / 2 handsets -RRB- . The only interference I ever had was when standing next to the microwave . Other than that , callers could not tell I was on a cordless phone . The voices sound rich and natural.Wanting to find an expandable system , the only one I could find where the price and features were right was this phone -- GE 's `` 6.0 '' . I even ordered extra handsets so I have a total of 4 . To their credit , there is no discernable interference -- standing next to the microwave causes no change in audio quality . BUT , the audio quality to begin with is absolutely terrible . I find myself having to apologize to everyone I talk to after they complain / ask , `` What 's that noise ? '' . In conclusion , do n't buy these phones . I stupidly unpackaged and recycled the boxes these came in or they 'd be on their way back to Amazon . I now am back on the market for an expandable system , probably from AT&T. ; From what I read , GE just should n't be making cordless phones . They should stick to medical equipment ... Do n't say I did n't warn you ...
 I thought this would be nice phone that had the features I wanted , without a raft of useless `` features '' that would get in my way . That was true -- the phone works quite well in almost all respects . It has one serious design flaw however
 Went in to the local big box electronics store armed with my consumer magazine ratings to buy a digital phone for my land line and saw this model with multiple handsets . Although not shown on my ratings , this DECT 1.9 GHz model from GE caught my attention and the packaging box displayed the exact feature list I was looking for.After charging the batteries for sixteen hours , I began programming the phone with a minimum set of numbers to test . I could not get it to answer a call from my cell phone on either handset with any audible ringtone . Called tech support which advised me to turn off my household Wi-Fi -LRB- Is n't this what a DECT phone is for ? -RRB- . I did , and the same non-response . I returned this phone today and will choose one that is on the consumer magazine rating list .
 I wanted a phone with the following features : - did n't interfere with home WiFi network - had a headset jack on the handset - had a mute button - had an answering machine - could keep good quality while roaming 1 or 2 rooms awayI tried two sets of GE 6.0 phones , and both suffered from faint , tinny , clipped audio . Words that were perfectly understandable on other phones were simply not there on this one . Also , the buttons are n't actually lit - the light is a ring around each button , but not the button itself . So it actually makes it HARDER to read individual buttons in a darkened room.I was very disappointed in this phone.Of those I tried
 Horrible phone . It 's very lightweight and feels cheap . The handsets are not comfortable against your head or in your hand . The belt clip is short and not secure . The blue backlight comes on very frequently for no reason when the phone is at rest , creating a lot of light in a dark room . Just look at it and it lights up . Also , when it 's on its base , the red charge light is always blinking , and it 's a large light , and the large bright blue message light is also very obtrusive . GE makes incredibly obtrusive phones in general , however . I stopped using my 2.4 ghz phone because every time I put the handset on the base it confirmed connected with a very loud beep that would wake anyone sleeping in the room . You could not shut it off . The button beeps are very loud and you ca n't turn the Voice volume down enough . We joke that it 's a special model for the hearing impaired . These new phones , then , must be for the vision impaired.This phone has lousy sound quality . There is a lot of static and echo and it sounds like you are talking to people overseas on a cell phone . This may be inherent to this new technology , but given that it 's advertized as crystal clear , I do n't think so.Due to the poor sound quality and endless light show , I 've returned this phone set.The Vtech 5858 is a superb choice . It costs more , but works very well and has a ton of features . The handsets are a great shape , they stay clipped to your belt , and they work great with a headset -LRB- some phones have lousy headset jacks so you get poor sound with even the best headset -RRB- . GE , I used to love your phones , but after a few bad sets , I 've had it.There seems to be something strange about devices with blue backlights . I have a Logitech universal remote control with a blue backlight and it comes on all the time for no reason as well . As with this phone , we had to take it out of our bedroom because of the lights going off and on . You 'd be surprised how much a full blue backlight can light up a room .
 I 'm returning my phone immediately . The display is almost completely unreadable due to the ridiculous blue on blue color choice and glare of its brightness . Shame on you G.E. for putting out such a terrible product .
 Similar to the comments above , we purchased this phone as we switched from Voip back to a standard land line . Only problem is , there is no audible ringtone for incoming calls . Called GE support and they mentioned to disconnect the phone and try connecting it again . GE said sometimes there are interference issues with VoIP systems , which I no longer have . After `` rebooting '' the phone ... still no ringtone . GE Support suggested I return the phone , which is exactly what I 'm going to do . I 'm going to get a 5.8 ghz phone instead .
 I bought this for my dad because he 's really old school and refuses to use a camera that 's not a 35mm . I thought this would be great for him , but it 's made of really cheap plastic . You have to self-advance the film each time you take a picture which I wish I had known before purchasing . I do n't think the disposable ones are this cheaply made to tell you the truth . Do n't waste your money folks . Battery that was included was dead too , but that 's not a surprise .
 Not sure if it is this product or the bluetooth implementation on my 765T gps , but not much help here !!!!
 Product is absolutely worthless . People complained that they barely could hear me . To be fair , I paired with a verizon LG 8350 and that could be part of the problem . Had better luck with the Blue ANT product .
 I ordered this thinking it would fit a garmin 765t which it should . I recieved the product and it did not fit the garmin unit . I e-mailed the Car Toys about this issue on on 3/29 asking for assistance but have yet to here from them . I guess I 'm just going to have to eat the cost for a product that does not work .
 I could not see the difference when using the microphone and when not.I have tried multiple locations on my car and the results were always the same . Maybe a noise cancelling mic will make a difference -LRB- just wondering ... -RRB-
 Checked with the Nuvi site and thought it would be good with the 885nuvi . Was wrong .
 I bought this as a cheap mic so I could use the bluetooth phone that is part of the Zumo . It was listed as an accessory for the Zumo , which is marketed as a motorcycle GPS , but this is strictly for using in a car , way to sensitive for in helmet on a windy noisy motorcycle . I purchased a much more expensive J&M mike which picks up nothing that is farther away then about 1/8 inch . Garmin could have said in their write up for it not to be used with motorcycles . I have not tried it in the truck , might make the Zumo mic more sensitive for hands free use then the one built into the cradle that I have to yell at to get it to understand me when using the voice commands on my LG cell phone .
 This mic is no better than using the internal mic with the GPS . Wast of money .
 This mic works but almost everyone I talked to said it sounded worse than using the built in mic .
 Bought this for my C550 , as most people I call told me that the voice quality over the internal mic was garbled and echoey . Well , After much use of this mic , the verdict is , while louder , still not much clearer . Then , today I tried my computer mic with a 3.5 mm to 2.5 mm adapter and 3 people on the other end told me that it was a DRAMATIC improvement in sound . What does that tell me ? This mic ai n't that great . Yes , since you can place it closer to your mouth , it 's louder , but it is still a very low quality microphone . The cheap PC mic had far superior clarity and produced much better results . So , this is going to the trash , and I am going to purchase an Olympus ME-52 Noise Cancelling Mic and try that . This mic just is n't very good
 Hi , I ordered this for my Garmin Nuvi 3790LMT after specifically being told that it would work/fit my gps . After receiving it , I realized that it doesnt . I contacted Garmin directly and was told that there is no microphone for this particular model , and that instead , I should -LRB- and now did -RRB- , update/download specific software . I LOVE AMAZON !!!! What a dissapoint in regards to the seller!Sincerely , a disapointed customer
 I have bought 4 different external mics for my cars bluetooth hands free in search of the best noise cancellation . The difference between the Garmin and the others that I have tried is it does n't work at all . But its cheap enough that its worth a shot and maybe you will have better luck .
 I recently bought a Garmin Nuvi 765T . My previous GPS was a Garmin Nuvi 750 , which did n't have the Bluetooth option . The main consideration for buying the new GPS was for Bluetooth ... . Do yourself a huge favor and save some money in the bargain ... . Bluetooth in the Garmin 765T is NON-FUNCTIONAL , in every profound way . I was unable to carry on cellphone conversations and got bad reports from everyone I tried to talk to . They said the audio was distorted and I was `` in and out '' . Sooooooooo , I bought the Garmin external microphone , hoping to solve the problem ... . It too proved to be a waste of money and is of no benefit , whatever . The Garmin 765T is not the quality unit my Garmin 750 was . I made two costly mistakes . My mistakes do n't have to be your mistakes ... . You can learn from my experience and I hope I 've saved you some money ...
 I read the reviews and figured this receiver would fit my needs . What I did n't expect was to have to take it to a repair center as soon as I got it to fix the loud hum from the speakers . That was today and they estimate that it will be three weeks before I get it back . I wish I had never bought it.Update
 The remote would not work with the first reciever , so I sent it back for a replacement . This one work fine , however when I tried to register the warranty on line , the web address could not be found . Makes me wonder is Sherwood still in business ?????
 This unit seems to work OK out of the box and is pretty straight forward in its features . I have n't even bothered to check out all of it 's functions because I do n't need to go that far to know that I 'm not keeping it . It sounds terrible . Yes , it 's a cheap receiver and I knew that when I bought it , BUT ... There are plenty of highs in the treble end , but on the bass end , turned to it 's maximum , it sounds no better than the car-brand stereo in an automobile . There simply is no bass . I 'm not expecting to shake the floor here , but there is very little to nothing in the lower registers . Bass guitars sound just like the electric guitars . Very disappointing .
 I still have not gotten it to work with my CD player , tape deck , turntable or speakers . Not easy to set up .
 I thought maybe it was my speakers , so I replaced them ... Then I was told it was my speaker wire , so I replaced them ... I wasted a lot of money for This expensive receiver ... I replaced it , put it in a box & since the warranty return period is now up ... I tossed it , it 's manual & box all in the garbage where it belongs !
 I am unhappy with this product because it is not fully functioning . The radio does not function at all and because I do not use records , the only thing that this receiver is good for is to play CDs .
 This receiver 's scan feature for finding stations would n't even pick up local stations no matter what we did with the antennae . Most features required using the remote , which is bad considering most people have a tendency to misplace their remotes . Do n't lose the instruction manual - without it you will be lost . The instruction manual had a picture of the remote with a description of how to use the buttons but the problem with that is the picture was on one page and you had to flip the page to see what the button did and most times it required you to push several buttons so by the time you flipped back to see where the next button you needed to push was located it timed out and you had to start over . I love remotes but I also want to be able to do the steps manually on the unit itself . We are keeping it and will use it elsewhere in the house and get another higher priced more user friendly receiver for our entertainment center needs .
 I bought this to fit in a 4 1/2 inches high area . The dimensions say it is 4.1 inches high . It is actually 5 inches high . Just incase anyone buying this is spacially challenged like I am.I can make it work but I 'm gon na have to cut out some of the cabinetry . I live in a RV incase you were wondering .
 Please be forewarned before you purchase this receiver , which other reviewers praise so highly.I could write a whole novella about how I arrived at a one-star rating for this product , but the upshot is as follows.The receiver spontaneously stopped functioning after four months . This in itself is bad enough.But then , the company 's customer service people sent me to a repair shop two hours away -LRB- the closest authorized shop since there are none in Maine -RRB- . My other option was to ship it back to Sherwood at my own expense.When I got to the repair shop , I was informed that the shop no longer repairs Sherwood audio equipment under warranty . The only way they would repair the receiver was if I fronted the cash -LRB- fat chance as it would have cost $ 60 just for them to look at it -- not a worthwhile investment in a $ 90 receiver . -RRB- I called Sherwood from the repair shop . Unfortunately for me , SHERWOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE CLOSES FOR AN HOUR FOR LUNCH EVERY DAY . I repeat , there is NO ONE ANSWERING THEIR PHONES from 12 - 1 Pacific Time . I have never heard of such a thing in this day and age . According to the technician I finally talked to -LRB- when he came back -RRB- , he is the only tech on duty and so when he 's at lunch , no one answers the phone.Calling Sherwood turned out to be a bust anyway as the repair shop did not have a valid contract with Sherwood for warranty repairs , despite the fact that Sherwood still has them listed as having a contract . The only solution Sherwood devised was that they would mail me a box for the receiver and then send UPS out to get it , and then they would fix it -LRB- presumably -RRB- , and then send it back to me . So I 'm out a receiever for a month and a half at least , not to mention the waste of time going to the repair shop.But it really kills me that no one even answers the phone for an hour every day ! What kind of mickey mouse operation are they running ? I will never buy a product from Sherwood again and I highly recommend you avoid this company at all costs . Who cares if this is a relatively inexpensive receiver , it 's not worth it . I wish I 'd bought a Sony for twice the price , I 'd have my stereo playing at this point and presumably would have been given competent customer service .
 Receiver suddenly stopped working for no apparent reason . Standby light goes off -LRB- as it should -RRB- when power button is pressed , then turns back on after a few seconds . Unit purchased from third party through Amazon Dec-2004 and has been used very infrequently in the last year and three months . The unit has a three year warranty , so now I 'm trying to locate the nearest authorized service center via their website at < www.sherwoodusa.com > to have it repaired . Guess you get what you pay for ...
 Where do I start , well upon setting this thing up it powered down five seconds after I powered it up . this product is not worth it , get something better , and that may mean pay more for it .
 The unit comes with a very thin flimsy FM antenna wire and the antenna jack is a very tight fitting RCA-like jack but no other RCA jacks will fit or work on it so I ca n't get other antennas to work . My ancient $ 10 handheld transistor radio gets better reception .
 OK , we thought this was a good deal , since there were plenty of good reviews and it was only a hundred dollars . We figured we could n't lose . We were wrong.The receiver worked fine at first . Then , after three months of light use , it froze in the on position
 Order came quick and I hooked it up . it worked great for a couple of months and now it cuts in and out . Sending it back .
 For me , this receiver is almost perfect . It is a simple , two-channel receiver with 100 W on each channel and a low THD rating of 0.08 % . It 's easy to operate and the sound that came out of the unit was clear and sounded great . I am highly satisfied with every aspect of this unit except one , but it was bad enough that I returned the unit.This was intended for my computer sound system , so my sitting position was 2-3 feet from the speakers . This unit makes a really annoying hiss/white noise come out of the speakers whenever the volume is turned to anything other than off . I 'm no audiophile and my ears are n't even that great , but I could easily hear the hiss from 6 feet away even while my computer fans were running , and at 3 feet it was positively obnoxious.Adjusting the volume did n't change the hiss level . I tried different input ports and different input devices . I tried unplugging everything -LRB- including inputs -RRB- from the back of the receiver other than the speakers and AC power , and the hiss remained . I even moved the system to the basement and unplugged literally every single plug from my basement 's outlets except the receiver , and turned off all the lights , and the hiss was still there . Sherwood tech support suggested resetting the system but this did not help.I really wanted to like this product but could not . Every other aspect was great . I replaced it with a HK 3390 which has a very faint hiss that can be heard from about 10 inches away but is n't noticeable at a normal distance . Of course , it also cost over twice as much ...
 Just want to save anyone else the headaches that I 've been through with this unit . I purchased my unit in early 2009 and it was defective out of the box . It would come on for a few seconds , then shut itself off and no amount of tinkering helped . I called customer service but they were not able to help me so I packed it up and sent it back . They sent me a replacement about 10 days later and it worked great for a while , but just AFTER the warranty expired , the replacement is also shutting itself off , just as the first one did . I believe there is a flaw in the power supply that causes this but what ever the reason , it should not do this so wanted to warn anyone considering this item about this defect . If it had been only one , I would just think it was a defective unit , but when 2 of them do the exact same thing , it seems that it is a design flaw.I recommend that you purchase a different stereo unless you like replacing them frequently . Happy shopping !
 Four months after purchase , the Receiver misfunction and shut down . It was impossible to contact Sherwood Electronics which had no service Centers in the State of Wisconsin . Therefore the warranty was not worth the piece of paper it was written on . Check out a Sherwood Service center in your state prior to purchase .
 I bought it to replace a unit that I have had since 1970 and it started to go bad . The first one would pick up no FM and very weak AM . Yes antennaswere connected , Amazon sent another -LRB- great service -RRB- it worked the same way.Returned it gave up on them .
 Hooked up the speakers and plugged it in . Standby lite came on . Turned the power on , unit played for 15-20 seconds then reverted to standby . Disconnected speakers , same thing happened . Called Sherwood -LRB- it was not easy to reach them -RRB- . Was told I should be using 16 ohm speakers . Nothing about that in the specs . Two service repair centers listed on their website . Called both , neither knew anything about Sherwood . Returning it to Amazon in exchange for another brand .
 The receiver worked fine for about 3 month . Now I ca n't get it out of standby mode , no matter what I try . I ca n't even turn it OFF , it just stays in standby mode . What a waste of money , even if it was only 90 bucks .
 It has been 15 years since I last shopped for a stereo receiver , and back then there were certain features that all receivers came with , regardless of how basic or inexpensive the model was . Well , I took for granted that they all still came with these basic features , and I was wrong . I just purchased the Sherwood RX-4105 , and it does not have the tape monitoring feature . It has tape input and output jacks , but it does n't have the monitoring feature that lets you listen to the tape deck 's output while you are recording . If you press the tape button , the receiver switches away from the input source you are trying to record from ! The tape monitor function is also necessary for the use of an equalizer . It baffles me that they are still giving you tape in and out jacks , but do n't give you the proper switching for monitoring . I guess they figured they could save a few pennies by leaving out this function , since the demand for tape decks has declined in recent years . Unfortunately , there are those of us who still like to use an EQ to customize the sound to our environment , even if we are no longer recording on tape . I have found it difficult to verify whether or not a receiver has this function , since the specs and features list usually never mentions it . If they have a good picture of the unit , you can look to see if there is a button that says `` tape monitor . '' Just looking for tape in and out jacks will not help , because as I mentioned above , the RX-4105 has these jacks , but no monitor function . Then there are some models that have monitoring even though the switch only says `` tape . '' The best way to know for sure is to try out the unit first , but this is not practical when shopping online . I have even gone so far as to go to the manufacturer 's website and download the instruction manual . If the section on tape connections and recording does n't mention `` monitoring , '' it probably does n't have it . Also , many models no longer have phono input , but this is easy to check just by looking at a good picture of the unit . The RX-4105 also lacks an auxillary AC jack on the back of the unit ; not a big deal , but a consideration if you have an outlet strip already filled up by other components . Another thing I noted that is worth mentioning is that many newer models such as this one have volume control knobs that do not have any position indicators or scale markings on them ; so be sure to turn down the volume before you turn off the unit , or you could be in for a surprise when you turn it back on again!If you do n't intend to use an EQ , and do n't need phono input , the RX-4105 is probably a good inexpensive starter model . The sound seemed fine , and it had plenty of power for my application . The tuner did seem to have a weak sensitivity ; some local FM stations came in with a lot of static.In my research I have found the TEAC models RV-S2100 and AG-790 , as well as Onkyo models TX-8011 and TX-8211 all have tape monitoring capabilities as well as phono input .
 The first tuner amp I received had no right sided sound . Amazon very quickly and efficiently sent a replacement overnight . The replacement had no sound from either of the A channels and no sound coming from the right B channel . Then it began turning itself off every few seconds . What ever happened to quality control ? Buyer beware . I 'll stick with Sony .
 I 've been through 2 of these since early December - each has quit working without notice . I returned the first , believing that it was just that particular receiver , but after the 2nd I will never buy another one . Back to the store this one goes ...
 Initially the receiver was unable to retain preset FM stations in memory . Later it began to loose volume until no sound sources could be heard from the receiver . I exchanged the unit for anther brand that has worked very well .
 The product came intact , but after a bit of use it broke within 3 days . It was n't even an intensive use . Terrible product .
 Do n't be Dont be deceived by the good looks of this receiver and the Sherwood name . These are garbage , and not even worth their $ 89.00 price . I know of 2 other poeple that have purchased these , and have had the same experience with them that I have . The audio quality is worse than any receiver I have ever heard . Comparable with a boom box in quality . There is also no way that these put out anything close to 105 watts per channel . Not even close.Save your money , and spend $ 150 - $ 200 for a decent 100 watt receiver . Common sense dictates that you are n't going to get much for $ 89.00 , and this Sherwood receiver proves it . A pretty $ 89.00 box with bad sound ...
 The price is great , the specifications are great , and the product looks and feels great in person . Unfortunately the sound is very , very bad.I am not an audiophile . I am happy with tv speakers as long as they work . The problem is that many tv manufacturers are making their flat panel tv 's with extremely bad speakers which makes it necessary to get your sound from elsewhere . When I bought this Sherwood receiver I was n't looking for incredible sound , just sound that I could hear clearly from about 7 feet from the TV . Well , it gets loud enough but there is just something very strange about the sound quality . It sound muddy with some things , and a combination of hollow or screechy with others . I even hooked up a 30 band equalizer to try and balance out the sound and I could n't get it to sound right.My old JVC reciever died on me and I never even thought twice about the way it sounded because it just sounded kind of right . I guess you do n't know what sounds right until you hear something horrible and this receiver sounds horrible .
 I would be embarrassed if I was Sherwood . I had a crystal set when I was a kid that sounded better.I bought a Pyle-2x75 watts for $ 50.00 that sounds much cleaner than this thing . I understand you get what you pay for but someone should pay me to listen to this garbage machine . I would n't use this receiver for a paperweight . Because of this experience I will never buy a Sherwood product .
 Receiver cuts out when volume is raised . Needs to be re-engineered with higher quality components . The Sherwood name must be only being used as a lure . The Sherwood of yesteryear would never have allowed their name to used on product of this low quality .
 I bought this receiver as an inexpensive replacement for my $ 300 Sony receiver that shorted out three weeks after the warranty ended -LRB- go figure -RRB- . I was initially impressed with it ; setup is easy , and the receiver worked fine initially.However , this receiver does n't seem to have good reliability . One month after purchasing it , I am hearing increased levels of feedback from my connections that were originally perfectly fine , which eventually results in loud , intermittent cracking noises through my speakers . This appears to be a problem with the receiver , as changing the connection did nothing to improve this worsening problem.As a professional DJ and audiophile , I have high expectations for audio equipment , and this receiver initially met these expectations until this problem presented itself . The sound quality is good as far as sub $ 200 receivers go , and unlike many receivers that require you to modify system settings before they can be used , the plug-and-play setup is extremely simple . However , this may just be a defective unit , but up until now , I am disappointed in the quality of the receiver and would not recommend this product . There are better receivers out there for not much more money -LRB- a friend purchased the Yamaha RX-V371BL 5.1-Channel A/V Receiver from Amazon for about $ 150 , and it is a fantastic receiver so far -RRB- by name brand companies . The old saying `` you get what you pay for '' certainly applies here.Ratings-Packaging
 I bought this to use as a simple amplifier for my computer . I did n't need any extra features so for the low price this seemed like a good choice . It was n't . There is a high frequency hissing noise coming from the amp to the speakers , although the headphones sounded ok . This hissing is common in cheap amps it seems . I could live with the hissing , but the whole thing stopped working after about six months of light use . I wish someone made reliable low cost power amps for stereo speakers and headphones ! I guess I 'll have to pay extra for a reliable 7.1 receiver which I 'll never use the extra features of .
 The first receiver failed to deliver acceptable Am or FM reception and was returned as defective . The replacment worked fine for three days and then delivered reception too poor for comfortable listening . The replacement Sony works perfectly .
 Purchased this a few weeks ago and it appears to be a decent receiver . My major complaint is that the FM reception is virtually non-existent . I live within 15 miles of downtown Atlanta and usually have no problems pulling in many stations but this thing could not pull in even one station.To be fair I drove the receiver to another location across town and experienced the same thing . Terrible reception . I ensured that the supplied el-cheapo antenna wires -LRB- both am and fm -RRB- were attached properly and experimented with placement.My other concern is the speaker feeds on the back of the receiver . Seem poorly designed to me.I will say it 's a good looking receiver and the sound quality while playing CD 's and DVD 's is good . Nice remote also.I rate it as a poor buy due to the reception issue.For the price it 's ok if your not interested in the radio .
 I thought this was a great buy for what I wanted and was very excited to try it out.After I hooked it all up and tried to tune in radio stations I could only get like 2 stations and I even put FM antenna out the window.Too bad , if it was n't for that I would of kept it .
 I do NOT recommend anyone buying this card . I received this wireless network adapter yesterday and I am in the process of returning it today . Originally , I bought this card because it supports WPA2 Security . I needed this in order to connect to certain networks at work . My current wireless adapter is a DLINK DWL-G650 that works well but it does not allow me to connect to networks with the WPA2 security system.Although I spent several hours installing and re-installing the software , downloading upgrade drivers and researching the internet , this card has repeatedly failed to maintain connectivity to my network . The card also caused my computer to freeze up several times . This required several re-boots . With the upgraded drivers , I was able to stop the computer freezes but the card would get disconnected from the network . Also , the maximum speed for this card was 48.0 Mbps while my old DLINK-DWL-G650 allowed a maximum of 54.0 Mbps.In the end , I gave up on this card and wish I had never ordered it . P.S. I use the Windows XP operating system .
 I bought two of these thinking that I could speed up my wireless network in my home . But neither card worked very well in either of my Sony laptops . In fact the cards were very difficult to even get working properly . The G band WiFi in the notebooks are actually faster than the supposed N band with the card . A complete waste of money . I was always a Linksys buyer , but I think I will be going with D-Link from now on because Linksys is obviously farming out production overseas and getting a very poor product to peddle .
 I had a seriously tough time installing this PCMCI wireless adapter card into my HP computer with XP & service pack 3 . The CD software was out of date and did not allow a successful driver install , so I downloaded the latest , but stumbled when the laptop did not auto detect the new hardware when the card was inserted . Called linkSys technical support three times in Philippine , not much help , and their tier-2 technicians never called back as promised . Looks like this company ca n't keep up with all problems people like me are encountering with their product ... What a waste of time ! the only good thing is that the Amazon seller promised to reimburse me after mailing this card back .
 Works great for a while then fails . When it works it works great . When it stops , it 's a joke . Ca n't even get a 1 mbps connection . Linksys customer service knows this happens . They must not want to address it .
 Recently purchased the Linksys WPC300N pcmcia card for my Toshiba laptop . The software installed without a hitch . The Linksys Monitor software tells me the computer is connected to a network , but the internet could not be accessed . I tried to log into an encrypted network with any old password and the Monitor software shows that the computer is part of that network . When I tried to check for available connections from the network connection icon -LRB- the little computers icon -RRB- , there was no network available -LRB- hmmm , two different software telling me two different things -RRB- . Called tech support and got some guy with a thick Indian accent -LRB- understandable , there are a lot of Indian Techs in America -RRB- . The minute I told him the model number , he quickly told me the `` n '' technology is outside his area of expertise and transferred to another tech.The second Tech came on the line and , yep , you guessed it , he also has a thick Indian accent
 I upgraded both my B router and B pcmcia card for my ASUS laptop to N . The router Linksys WRT300N did not work till I upgrated the firmware . The original driver for Linksys WPC300N -LRB- April 2006 -RRB- got me connected to router and network , but could not browse . Switched back to B card and waited till new driver was available . Even after the new driver -LRB- July 2006 -RRB- was loaded still not working . I am back on B card till Linksys debugs this one .
 The reason this product got 2 stars was due to it being so cheap , otherwise , it was not a good purchase . As a matter of fact , I just returned it.The problem I had was that it would not maitain a connection . It kept dropping every 3 or 4 minutes for 20 to 25 seconds . I hit many message boards and tried to tweak the settings to change whatever was causing it , but I could not correct it . I have not had that problem with any other wireless devices . Further , the installed software to configure the device is piss poor . It just did n't work and you had to outsmart it to get it to configure it , and I ended up switching to windows controlling the device -LRB- though the same problem occurred for both -RRB- . It seems like a good buy , but it is not worth the trouble . Maybe with a firmware update once the wireless-N is finalized ...
 Wanted just to upgrade my laptop -LRB- Lenovo Thinkpad -RRB- from G to an N card . Chose Linksys , since I had heard it was user-friendly . What a nightmare . I wound up spending hours on the phone with tech support , in the Phillipines , of all places . This product is just not made to install easily . I needed much support to get the thing working . I still am not sure it is working , or was worth the upgrade ...
 Beware , this is a `` 2.4 GHz only '' product . My understanding is that 802.11 n should work either at 5 GHz or 2.4 GHz . This limitation was not clear to me.It seems to work just `` ok '' at 2.4 GHz -LRB- 802.11 g -RRB- . I did not experience any significant improvement over my built-in wireless on my Dell D620 laptop.I use an Apple Airport Extreme -LRB- 802.11 n -RRB- router .
 Installed just fine on my Toshiba until I tried to connect . The Linksys monitor software would not even recognize the card as active . Though it did recognize my old G card . Spent 20 minutes on hold and never did reach tech support . This and the router are being returned.It did work on another Laptop but not the one I intended . There is NO mention of this card at all on the Linksys forums or the easy answer sections.I should know better then trying bleeding edge . Especially with Linksys and there questionable support
 I 'm a fan of Linksys since before the days of Cisco acquiring them . This past year , I overhauled my home network and put newer technology from Linksys into use . WET610N to get the gaming console on the network and WRT410N to provide better wireless . So far , so good . Opted for the best wireless security choice right now ; WPA2 AES . It 's all good . 5 laptops , a iTouch , and a wireless bridge all humming along nicely . I have one laptop that has historically been twitchy -LRB- yes , technical term -RRB- with the internal wireless G card . So , I decided to go for a replacement wireless card and figured if I was going to spend some money , let 's give the laptop access to Wireless N -LRB- albeit draft-N and only 2.4 Ghz range -RRB- . I read the reviews here . A mix of happy and sad comments . I decided to roll the dice and take a chance.Should have been painless . Right ? I mean , Linksys PC card connecting to Linksys router . No potential conflict because of different manufacturers , and I like Linksys anyway . Instead , I spend the better part of 5 hours trying to get this piece of -LRB- fill in your favorite expletive -RRB- to work . I wanted support for WPA2 AES , and this unit is supposed to support it , but , it wo n't negotiate an IP address with my router . In 5 hours of attempting to use this hardware , I obtained an IP address for about 20 minutes , and it eventually slowed the laptop down to a crawl . I spent an hour with Linksys tech support to no avail.I give this no thumbs at all . It 's bad enough to not even garner a thumbs down . It 's a stinker . I had hoped that the negative reviews here would n't be the case for me . Not so . AVOID this if you want to use any form of new and secure wireless encryption , and yes , I did download the latest and greatest drivers from Linksys - they 're 2 years old and this unit is obsoleted . There is no firmware update posted , or any glimmer of one having been released anywhere on the internet.Fortunately , I will be able to return for refund - its going out in the mail as soon as I can get it reboxed .
 I really wanted the distance but , it was all hype . My Cisco B card had better distance . Without the distance , I did n't care about the speed ; what 's the point of speed without a connection?The blue , bulky plastic end , sticking out of your machine is a magnet for disaster!While everything installs well , you really just want the driver only and let windows handle network connections . I wish they would stop packaging their own interface -LRB- Microsoft 's does a fine job -RRB- and spend their R&D ; dollars on delivering what they advertise.Their customer support is EXTREMELY BAD . However I bought this -LRB- WPC300N -RRB- from Amazon several years ago when very little was known .
 I bought this for my Powerbook G3 Lombard running OS 10.2.8 because the USB 1.1 ports are simply too slow for transferring large files . The product specs indicate it should be plug and play for G3 or faster machines running OS X , but it does n't do anything when I put it in . My computer recognizes that the card is in and that it 's a USB card , but it says `` Unknown Vendor '' in the menu bar . When I attach a USB jump drive to the card nothing happens . I tried it on a friend 's Powerbook G4 and the card caused the computer to freeze . I 've also tried it on a Dell laptop running Windows 2000 and it works perfectly . I was able to transfer 100 MB of data at 2.0 speeds . So the card works , just not on Macs . I finally emailed tech support but all they could tell me was to check for any USB updates on the Apple website , and if that did n't work , to return the product to Amazon . Looks like I need to try another manufacturer ...
 it makes loud noises when you handle it . just holding it makes it squeak and putting it down on the table is almost as loud as slamming the door - only metallic.at first i tried to modify it by strategically placing some electrical tape where the metal contacts metal to soundproof it so to speak . i managed to get it maybe 4X quieter than stock but it was clear that i was n't going to be able to get it to the level that i find acceptable so i just sent it back .
 I received the supposedly Grado ear pads , but the ones I received -LRB- from Kraft Street Audio -RRB- , were smaller , not as cushiony , and of different foam . I tried contacting Kraft Street Audio , but they did not respond . I contacted Grado , which has great customer service , and confirmed that the ones I received were not genuine Grado . So I returned them , and I will buy from a vendor that sells the real thing .
 How do you connect an old parallel printer to a new computer that has only USB ports ? There are USB-Parallel conversion cables , but I also wanted to be able to use my old computer . I decided to set up a wireless network.The Level One Wireless mini printer server is very conveniently packaged . It 's about the size of a cigarette package , and plugs directly into the parallel printer port . There is only a small cable to it 's ubiquitous power cube . The printer can be located anywhere within range of the wireless router . Very nice.The quickstart instructions failed at about the third or fourth step . There is no telephone support from the manufacturer . They are in Europe and only offer support by e-mail . It did n't try that , so I do n't know how well they respond . There are several user manuals in PDF format on the installation CD . After selecting the correct manual , I had to re-read it several times before I began to understand . It is mostly screenshots , with terse descriptions of various configurations and instructions that are often confusing or contradictory . After a couple hours , I finally had it up and running , but my router software could n't detect it . -LRB- It was there and working , the fault was in the router software -RRB- I first tried to print from my old computer running Windows XP . It seemed to set up the printer OK , but nothing printed . I finally got it working by completely removing my printer from Windows printer setup , then reinstalling from scratch . Next I tried to get things working from my new computer , running Ubuntu 7.10 Linux . With Linux , you 're pretty much on your own . The Ubuntu printers menu has almost no documentation . After searching through Linux forum postings , I discovered that it 's better to setup the printer using the well-documented CUPS web-based control panel.The instant I entered the correct URI for the printer , it started printing!All in all , the wireless mini print server is a good product , but the documentation is so weak , it 's probably hopeless for anyone to use unless they 're pretty savvy about networking . I had two different friends try to help me , and finally had to figure it out myself .
 WARNING
 I ordered this battery months ago and still can not get it to work . I did email the seller but did not get a response . This is the second battery I purchased for my Sony camcorder that did not work .
 I bough a pair of these speakers for the interior of my power boat because I trusted Sony . At the beginning , I was pleased with the quality of sound I got for the price , but my satisfaction did not last too long since both speakers lasted barely a year . About 9 months after I installed them the woofer cones showed brownish spots that looked like mold . Sometime after that , they warped , and eventually they blew up . They simply broke like a cracker !!! . There was no abusive use of them , whatsoever . No overpowering or water splashing . They may have only been exposed to direct sunlight for about 50 hours . I do not recommend this product , unless you install them well away from sunlight , salt and water .
 Bought in 2008 for my boat . This is a sailboat so no loud music . Both speakers blow out this weekend . Had a cheap set of speakers before that lasted 7 years.Peace of junk
 I purchased these speakers for my boat , and they started falling apart just as the warranty ran out . I used the boat very little and the stereo even less . They were not exposed to the weather because the boat is kept covered . I had Pioneer car NOT marine speakers with paper cones in the boat for 5 years . They were not weather resistant at all , but they lasted . The Sony speaker 's claims to be UV and salt water resistant but the cones turned brown and bent out of shape . And the black foam around the cones looks like the glue is letting go . If you need a good set of speakers DO NOT BUY THESE . I did contact Sony and because the warranty expired 2 months ago they said they could do nothing .
 This are not built to take the elements . They lasted one season in my boat - they came in it from the factory - that should tell you how cheap they are . The only way I would put them in my boat again is if it was in a totally protected environment , and then only if I was really cheap . Do n't go for these , and do n't go for anything `` dual cone '' they are not quality , they are cheap .
 I own 3set of these and all three went bad in less than 2 years-they came with the boat I bought .
 Sound was not that great . These deteriorated as quickly as any other speakers , this was my second or third pair . Would not buy again . Replaced them with MTX Audio speaker and despite some fitment issues due to the large magnet , like these much better and they seem to be wearing better as well .
 Speakers sounded okay when installed . However for `` marine '' speakers they are now toast about two years later . The cones cracked and flake apart . They were installed in a boat but they were not in sunlight and were out of rain . Well protected from the weather . Complete waste of money . I tried to call Sony and was told I 'd be emailed info on where to send them in Texas for service . I never received the email . I tried to call again and I was given a number for the center in Laredo TX where the voicemail hung up on me repeatedly . Do n't make the same mistake . .
 I got this unit based on the positive feedback here on Amazon . I do n't know if I got a lemon or what , but I 'm very disappointed with it.First , the radio reception has a problem . One station is clearly audible over others regardless of the frequency setting . It 's not a problem with any other radio in the house , even in the same spot.Second , it does n't remember the volume setting when you turn it off . Turn it down quiet , then turn it off and on , and the volume is back up to blaring again . I have to adjust it every time . Very annoying.The iPod integration is ok , and the price is decent , but I really wish the radio worked properly .
 I bought this unit a little over a year ago . It is now dead -- no power . When it did work , the clock did n't keep accurate time , AM reception of stations that came through clear on cheaper transistor portables was poor on this unit and radio volume at power-up was consistently high no matter what level you set at power-off .
 After about six months , the Sony DCR-DVD308 would begin to not recognize some brand new discs . Then , on discs it did recognize , it would start to show an error message that says `` Movie Recording Disabled '' after you 've recorded on the disc . Once this happens , you have lost all the recorded video on the disc , and the camera no longer recognizes the disc . This happens now about 75 % of the time . Sony would not do anything for me because their warrenty only covers the first three months , which is a joke .
 So first of all for all the Mac users out there that have n't purchased a camera yet - beware !!!! I was really excited when I read the one review that this one is actually Mac compatible and a list on a the apple website confirmed too that this camera is compatibleI managed to get it into iMovie which was nice but once I started editing the footage I noticed that the quality was very bad ! I tried all kinds of different modes on the camera but nothing helpedSo if you want a nice quality camera for a Mac this is n't the one for you !!! You might want to check out the featured cameras on the apple site and spend a couple more bucks just to save you some major headachesSo far none of the Sony products worked well for Mac except still cameras !!!! I hope this is helpful for all the Mac users
 I owned the camcorder for less than 40 days when it died and would n't turn back on . I called the service center and they talked me through a trouble shooting attempt but they could n't get it working . I had to send it to Texas for a repair . I 'll bet it was a used camcorder that I received instead of a new one and that 's why it died soooo soon .
 If you really need to jump around from scene to scene on your video using the touch scren , then I guess this product might work for you . But if you want good picture quality , and smooth -LRB- not herky-jerky -RRB- slow motion , then stick with Sony 's MiniDV format camcorders . I use a camcorder for my son 's and daughter 's sporting events and with the DVD format , the slo-mo is unacceptable ; with MiniDV it is smooth and clear . Caveat emptor .
 This laptop worked for 26 months before dying . In those 24 months , it was a constant struggle , waiting for things to load , for it to `` Start Up '' 100 processes , just to say that the Page File was full . Windows ran horribly on it , the DVD/CD combo drive dies without warning , the battery life is short , it had to be run almost constantly on power.From day one , the speakers were extremely tinny , and rattled . The only solution to that was listening with headphones or buying external speakers . So , 26 months after buying a new laptop , I vowed never to purchase a Toshiba computer again -LRB- That goes for Toshiba TV 's too , they are also horribly made -RRB- , and I had to dump a load of money into another brand I will not mention for fear of jinxing it.Do not buy any laptop in the Toshiba Satellite line . Do your research ! A simple search will show you how many problems people have had with this cheaply made device . WAY overpriced , no matter how much you pay , it is too much .
 I got this same lap top for under $ 400 . do not buy this laptop for 1399 . way to much . I got it for like $ 250 on black friday and normal price was about $ 400 .
 I do n't like this computer at all . It sometimes takes up to 3 minutes for a screen change . On occasion it has been slower than dial up . The CD/DVD drive is defective . It may be OK if all you are doing is typing a paper , etc. but not for anything else .
 Do n't overlook this lens . It does not have the longest zoom range available . But the F2 .8 maximum aperature , the very serviceable 28-105mm range , the weight and size , the high quality of material and optics , and the price make this a pleasure to use and carry . If you want to carry only one lens , you need a longer range than this one has . But if you are going to carry two or more lenses , this one deserves to be in your bag .
 Excellent sound quality , not too hard to set up but when using my PS3 through the HDMI input , the receiver produced a loud switching noise every time the audio over HDMI went on and off . This happened for example when starting/stopping a movie . It was so loud and weird that I feared damaging my speakers so I returned the unit . Totally unacceptable . I thought it was my unit , but apparently other people have experienced it as well.Got a Yamaha 661 for $ 25 more and I do n't get the weird noises anymore .
 I received my Onkyo receiver two weeks ago and I decided to wait to see if my negative opinions of this unit would change . They have n't . I bought the TX-SR604S because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews here , the Onkyo reputation and the advice of the home theater team that sold it and is installing everything . While I do n't care for the dated looks , I thought it would n't matter since I have ordered a custom cabinet for the A/V equipment . I did n't occur to me that a remote control sold in 2007 could possibly be less attractive than the dashboard of a 1984 Maxima . In both style and usability , it appears that zero thought went into the design of this ugly , chintzy remote . A big mistake since it 's the most often used component of any A/V system.I hooked up Apple TV to one of the HDMI inputs and the HD Cable box to the other . The DVD player goes into one of the RCA jacks . The automatic speaker setup is brilliant and the sound is fantastic . But the Onkyo gets hot . Very hot . So hot that I do n't feel comfortable putting it into a cabinet . Also , there is a long HDMI lag when switching TV channels on the cable box , making channel surfing frustrating.In a nutshell , the TX-SR604 is a good idea that is unfinished . It 's going back , and I will not be buying anything else from Onkyo in the near future.Pros : PriceAutomatic speaker setupSound qualityClean , single HDMI cable output to TVDoubles as a toaster after an hour of useCons : Generates enough heat to toast breadDated designClumsy , ugly remoteTedious , confusing usabilityHDMI lagSummary
 This is a fairly decent budget receiver but I 'll be looking for something else . The sound quality is good and it has enough power to drive a typical home theater . The automatic speaker setup is straightforward and works well . There are several DSP modes , most of which I probably will never use . HDMI works about as good as everywhere else , which is to say expect having to switch back and forth between sources or cycle power if the handshake does n't work the first time . However , here are the problems : - Too few component inputs . Yeah , this is a budget receiver , but still ... - Could use another HDMI input , but again , this is budget . - Could use more coaxial digital audio inputs . - U.S. version will not support speakers down to 4ohms -LRB- European version does -RRB- . This could be a problem if you have speakers that you 've been bi-wiring in the past . You 'll be overdriving the unit . - U.S. version does not include RDBS . - It gets really hot . - The remote is n't very flexible when using the universal control aspect of it ; for example if you plug a DVD player into the CD input you will not be able to control it because the remote will only allow you to choose from the CD category when assigning the control code . You might be better off with a more powerful universal remote and not using the one that comes with this . - And the reason I 'll be looking for something else - it 's not passing component video correctly . It seems to roll-off high-frequency signals . My source material is the Chicken Little Blu-Ray on a PS3 . The PS3 is outputting 1080i component . If I run the signal through the Onkyo then my projector loses sync during rapidly changing scenes . This happens at the beginning of the disc during the previews and about two-dozen times throughout the movie . If I jumper just the Y channel -LRB- it contains the sync signal -RRB- around the Onkyo , then no problem ... Note that nowhere in their user manual or specs does it say what component formats are supported but the bandwidth is quoted as 50MHz which should theoretically be sufficient for 1080i . Perhaps I have a bad unit . If that is the case and I am able to post an update then I will do so .
 I have owned this lens for about two years , and found that it was a fine lens at first , when I was just starting to learn with a good camera , but that it quickly outwore it 's usefulness and now mainly gathers dust.Sigma gave up a lot on this lens to add the Macro element , which lets you focus in very close . The focus is pretty soft at longer lengths , producing pictures that are noticably unsharp . There are manual focusing difficulties resulting from saving much of the focal rings for the macro , so that you have a lot of room to turn for focusing from 2 to 3 feet but very little precision in focusing from twenty to thirty feet -LRB- and that is a range I use much more -RRB- . Also , the lens has difficulties in low light , zooming in and out trying to focus on something , anything . I got this in a kit with the 70-300 lens , which I still use all the time and I think is a good lens for the money . On this lens , I would recommend investing instead on a good 50mm lens and just taking a few steps forward or backward to get your shots -- they will be much better shots than with this zoom .
 I had high hopes for this player , and it worked fine FOR ONE MONTH , and now it ca n't read any discs , it just says `` NO DISC '' all the time . It does n't even spin the disc up . Sure it 's under warranty but now I have to hassle with all that . Shipping it to the repair center will cost more than the stupid thing is worth ...
 I bought this back in 2008 after seeing how many great reviews this unit had . I did notice a few people complaining about the remote at the time , but the otherwise stellar reviews made me think it might not be too bad of an issue . I was wrong!Perhaps those of us with remote issues just happened to get lemons , but after owning this DVD player for several years -LRB- note
 Good news
 I bought this based on the price and the positive reviews but feel I should warn people about some fundamental flaws with this player.First , the remote is almost completely useless . It just plain does n't work . Since only the most basic of controls are on the player itself , the remote functioning is quite important.Next , if I can actually get the remote to do anything the unit takes forever to actually do it . Want to un-pause ? Better go fire up the tea kettle because you 'll be waiting a while.Lastly , there seems to be a sleep function that I attempted to turn off in the preferences but it does n't seem to care , it 's tired and needs to sleep . This functionality is great in theory and if it worked like my computer does , great , but it never wakes up . Once this thing goes to sleep I have to power it off and back on again to get back to playing the DVD . Of course it does n't remember where you were with a resume playback or anything so you have to go find it by navigating with the unresponsive remote to the chapter you left off at ... Horrible user experience design .
 I read reviews that this will play anything . I had to insert DVD-R , DVD+R , DVD-RW several times in order for it to even recognize . Once it does , it plays ok . The loading process can take a long time for burned discs . Will recognize retail DVD movies without problems .
 The remote is not easy to use - the buttons only work intermittently and then only if pressed exactly straight down , within inches of the DVD player
 The cheapest DVD player I could find that plays DVDs from any region - it looks good , but the remote is so bad it hardly works , which is a problem when there are next to no controls on the DVD player itself . I think I would spend the extra money to get another player with a remote that works .
 i like to record tv shows and FF thru commercials . Unbelievably , this unit ca n't do that . I took it back immediately . -LRB- Most DVDs I like to FF occasionally . -RRB- A player that ca n't FF is like a car w/o accelerator , IMO .
 I would suggest that you do not purchase this product . I am sure you can find a better DVD player that is less aggravating . When you try to open to insert or to remove the disk it is very slow to open . The remote is very slow to respond and I have replaced the batteries so that is not the issue . I purchased this due to the good reviews but for the cheap price you get what you pay for . I will say the picture is good but for the most part I am not pleased .
 The player played 1 -LRB- one -RRB- region II DVD , then would not play that same DVD -LRB- region II -RRB- or any other region II DVD . Spent hours trying to get it to play again , thouroughly read manual and all settings on high def TV and player were set appropriately . I noticed the lip of the loading tray was discolored . This player may have been a return which checked out fine maybe has an intermittent fault , but was sold as new . I 'm not happy about this . Be careful
 While this DVD player is indeed all region -LRB- after entering the code in the preference menu -RRB- it is still an inconsistent player . I immediately had problems with skipping and freezing during play back . The remote only works when pointed directly at the player and within about 6 feet . The reviews posted by others lead me to believe that while this DVD player has potential to be great , it is all about whether you 're one of the lucky who receives one without glitches . Philips has done something wrong with this player . Too many cheap parts perhaps ?
 All of the 1 star reviews are correct . This DVD player worked fine for 4 months and stopped reading discs . Find another DVD player that can play multiple regions .
 Like many other people have said , it works great but for a short time only . I raved about this at first but then it just stopped reading any discs . I did some research on the internet and my opinion of Phillips has changed . It seems this was only a prototype and therefore not produced for long term use . I am now trying the Toshiba multi region dvd player .
 To me , one important feature in a DVD player is the ability to remember the last location I played and go straight to this location the next time I resume the DVD . No such luck with this player . Not only is this player difficult to navigate with its remote control and slow response but it conveniently forgets the last location I was at . So if I stop a DVD that contains lots of annoying advertisements or previews that can not be skipped , I will need to go through the annoyance every time I resume the DVD . Terrible design and I will not buy another Philips DVD player .
 I received this one as a gift . When you try to open the tray , it opens and closes very quickly . You have to grab the tray and hold it to remove/insert a DVD/CD . It lasted about 2 years , then it only made a noise when I pushed the eject button . Time for a new DVD player . The picture and sound were fine , but this one never worked right , and did n't last very long .
 I 've had this dvd player about 16 months now . I was very impressed with the picture quality and ease of use when it worked , but now it randomly opens , stops and plays on its own . I ca n't watch movies on it anymore since it opens by itself every 30 seconds or so . A real disappointment !
 This DVD player was working fine for several months and now does n't work . It will play for 10 minutes , then will freeze no matter what DVD or CD is played . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT !!
 Spent a little more to get what I * thought * was decent quality from Philips , but it failed after 5 months -LRB- 2 months out of warranty -RRB- . An e-mail to the company yielded repair/replacement options that cost more than buying a new player . It suddenly started giving `` NO DISC '' readings upon inserting a disc . Tried resetting it and shaking it :-RRB- to no avail.Apart from the failure , the remote control and buttons are very small -LRB- and you have to be pointing right at it -RRB- , and there are few buttons on the unit itself , making it difficult to do anything without the remote handy.Look elsewhere and spend a few more $ $ to get a reliable player ! Read a lot of good reviews -LRB- and very few `` dead after 6 months '' reviews -RRB- for : http://www.amazon.com/Sony-DVP-NS710H-1080p-Upscaling-Player/dp/B001URY8CI/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top
 This is n't the first DivX player I 've owned or encountered , but it is by far the worst . I owned an earlier model Philips DivX-certified player , and while the unit was clearly cheaply made , it worked fairly well until it finally wore out 2 years later . This system , in contrast , has been poor since the moment I opened the box , and it stopped working correctly about the next day after the warranty expired . Currently , the unit only plays single-layer burned DVDs -- not store-bought DVDs , not CD-Rs , not CD-RWs -- and those only after several attempts . When it was brand new it * did * play those disc formats , but the DivX specs it can play well seems narrower even than the earlier -LRB- cheaper -RRB- model I owned before . In addition , the button programming and general behavior of the unit leads me to believe that this unit was very poorly QA 'd by Philips , and was n't really taken seriously as a production unit . It seems they just slapped the DivX logo on there and expect to be able to sell it to enthusiasts regardless of the quality . Unfortunately , in this case it was me . Do n't let it be you
 Worked great at first . Read all my computer files , region 1 & 2 dvds , and even the remote worked . Then , not all dvds would read or I would have to open and close the drawer several times before it would work . Now , 6 months later , nothing reads . I had to bring out the 10 year old dvd player again in order to watch anything . Do n't buy !
 Works well - and good region free for the money . BUT if it were not for the previous post to free up the region , it was going back in the box for a return . What is the point of having region free if you ca n't change the region . There is no instructions on how to do that ... stupid really.UPDATED July 2007Having used it now for 6 months I like the DVD player - the Divx Quality is excellent on the large 42 inch plasma.If I were to suggest improvements - the buttons on the machine are small and the remote seems to need to be right infront of the machine to make it work.it 's cheap - it works and I have n't replaced it which must say soemthing .
 Not unlike the other reviewer said , mine stopped dead after six months . This is an absolute piece of junk . Should have known by the pricing . Do n't waste your time or money on any Philips products . They are a complete rip-off . I have a twelve year old Toshiba - one of the first DVD players made - and it is still going strong .
 We bought the product to watch DVDs sent to us from England . The specifications included the special English/European DVD format . However , it does not work and it will not play DVDs from England or Europe . In short , it does n't work !
 As someone had noted previously , it is possible through the remote to switch this player into multi-region mode , and that 's quite nice . The picture is also nice . However , the remote control reception is maddeningly poor ; it 's very iffy even from 6 feet away . Tried new batteries , a universal remote , still not good . The other problem is that it does n't remember where you left off on a DVD , or forgets once it goes on standby . Once its on standby , you seem to have to turn it on from the front panel . I 'll go back to Sonys , which have fine remotes , which remember the positions of your last six disks.One star for the picture and price , and one star for the multi-region feature .
 I read opinions before buy this product . At beginning it worked nice . Then a `` no disc '' message is all it does . I will not buy Philips electronics again .
 I bought this DVD player for it 's multi region capabilities and after reading the many positive reviews for this player . I find the player to be absolutely awful . As expereinced by one other reviewer , I ca n't watch ANY of my DVDs on this player . Most of the time I wait 5 minutes for it load , only to have it lock up . The remote is also very poor , as explained by other reviewers . I will have to look for something else ... this player is just no good . I only give it one star as that is the least possible ... I 'd give it none if I could .
 This DVD Player looked good online and the reviews at the time were not that bad so I purchased it ; however , I can tell you that this is the worst item I have purchased online ! This system does not allow you to fast forward/rewind ; it only lets you jump from scene to scene . It was manufactured very cheaply ; its remote control is a joke . I am so disappointed !
 This appears to be a well-made unit , with many excellent features save one -LRB- which is the kiss of death for any `` current '' DVD player -RRB-
 I bought the machine to play region 2 DVD 's . I had two . It played one fine ; it would not play the other at all . I had the machine for about a week before it would no longer play in color , nor would it display subtitles . I contacted Philips , and was essentially told to go play in the traffic . I returned the machine to Amazon -LRB- which has an amazingly generous return policy
 this is a very bad product , the remote does not work unless you are next to the dvd , it takes forever to act once you send the remote order . It is slow in every aspect . I dont recommend it , I was too lazy to returned but i should have returned it
 I purchased this DVD player -LRB- Philips DVP5140 -RRB- about 3 weeks ago . It plays everything I put in it just fine . But the remote control 's range seems to be about 3 feet ! I 've tried everything , including replacing the remote 's batteries with brand new Energizers but nothing helps . I 'm returning it today .
 The product plays the specified formats - but should n't it?Some of the most basic demands from a DVD player , such as the functional operations completely fall short . The remote , first of all , basically does not work . I might push a button ten times before I apply the right pressure in order for it to actually work . Al Bundy had better technology . Every function is slow . So slow that I wait for the DVD player to think for several seconds before the input goes through.I encourage you to reject bad products and encourage companies that make good products .
 The first two DVDs that I played worked fine but with the next two I got multiple errors , pauses and stuttering . All four of these DVDs were brand new . I had my old DVD player for 5 years and the only time it ever skipped was when I would get a dirty DVD from Netflix . I 'm returning this tomorrow .
 I raved about this player too when I first purchased it . It literally played EVERYTHING . It was cheap , and I used it quite a bit , so when it stopped reading any discs after about a year I was n't all that upset . With all the features , and for the price , if I had to buy a new one every year , then so be it ... a small price to pay for the ability to watch all my multi region DVDs and avi files on my TV.I originally bought it at Wal Mart , who I discovered no longer carried it -LRB- now I understand why -RRB- , so I looked online and found out it was available at Target . I rushed out , bought the replacement , got home , set it up , punched in the code , and was back in business ... for two whole days , after which it once again would fail to read any disc.A fluke I thought ... a defective machine is sure to get by occasionally . No problem , I pack it up and take it back to Target who graciously exchange it for another one . I get the replacement 's replacement home , get it all set up , pop in a movie , and I am once again back in business ... for two whole weeks , after which it once again would fail to read anything.At this point I am starting to get upset . I look in the manual and get the number for technical support . I call , tell them about my problems , and let them know the complete history of what has happened up to this point . `` Have you tried unplugging it , and plugging it back in again ? '' they ask , knowing the answer before the question even leaves their lips.I explain to them that yes , I tried this ... on BOTH machines ... and that it failed to resolve the problem . `` Well why do n't you try it again ? '' they ask , convinced that somehow through sheer force of will , their presense on the phone would somehow change the outcome.I begrudgingly do so , knowing it will do no good , knowing that I am just wasting my time , knowing that every condecending remark from their so called technician is bringing me closer and closer to baldness as I rip out my hair in frustration.Loading ... loading ... loading ... NO DISC . `` Well , there must be some internal problem with the machine . I can give you the address for our warranty department where you can send it for a free product exchange . `` I once again explain to them that I only bought the machine two weeks ago , and ask them why I would PAY to send it back to them , when I could just as easily return it to the store and exchange it for a different brand . I explain that if THEY would pay the shipping costs , I would be happy to send it to them for repair or replacement , provided they can figure out what the problem is and get it fixed . After all , I had been a loyal customer to them ; I have now had THREE of these machines come down with similar problems within a relatively short span of time , and that while I might enjoy the options and features of this model , these features do me little good if I ca n't get the machine to read a disc . `` I understand that sir , but if you do n't want ... '' `` I like this model ; I would like to keep it , but I would also like it to work . '' `` I 'm sorry sir , but I do n't believe there is anything else I can do to help you ... click `` And Philips loses a customer for life . And so , while I agree the features of this model are great , the quality of it is complete crap . You might as well pay the extra money for a better quality product . In the long run you 'll be much better off .
 I have just been forced to `` retire '' my third , THIRD , dvd player of this brand , this exact brand . I bought three over a two year period because of the Phillips good reputation , the lower price , and the good feeback . But I have to say that in two years with ONLY moderate use , all three DVD players quit working . AND I MEAN QUIT WORKING AS IN BROKEN . Each player seemed to breakdown in the exact same way after about 8 to 12 months of below normal use . Each machine suddenly stopped reading the DVD discs . Any discs . All players claimed the same problem in their view screens and that was `` disc error '' . At times , I thought I would not be able to get my discs out of the players . The noise coming from these players all of a sudden when they broke was a bit alarming also . But my discs continues to played perfectly on my Sony , Coby , Panasonic and my portables for the cars . SINCE EVERYONE IS TRYING TO SAVE MONEY THESE DAYS , DO YOURSELVES A FAVOUR . DO NOT BUY THESE . I WISH I HAD NOT . BUY ANY OTHER BRAND AT THE SAME PRICE , OR A BIT LESS OR A BIT MORE . DO N'T THROW YOUR MONEY AWAY . As I have been forced to throw away three , THREE , nearly new DVD players bought in the last 2 years and all made by Phillips .
 We went through two Philips DVD players already . This one -LRB- DVP5140 -RRB- and another DivX certified DVD player . For those who do n't know , DivX certified DVD player lets you play files such as movies , etc , that you normally can play only on a computer.Both Philips DVD players were great at first . They worked as advertised , played pretty much everything we through at them.However , both failed after normal usage within six months and a year . They just stopped working altogether . The first one just died all of a sudden . No response whatsoever . The second one stopped reading discs , even DVD movie discs . Note that we got two of these and they each cost around $ 50 or $ 60 . Neither one lasted for more than a year . We use it maybe at most a couple of hours a day . So if you get these things , they are just very bad quality . You 'll be lucky if they work for more than a year for you . I bet you five dollars on it that it will die within a year.So this will be the end of our relationship with Philips . That is what they say
 I saw a couple reviews were people were saying that they were having problems with their remotes . Mine works just fine . However , the player itself really stinks . It seems to have a very difficult time reading disks , not just cdr 's , but brand new dvd 's . I have to open and close the dvd tray several times , power off and on the player before it will even read the disc . It will load for about 2-5 minutes and tell me `` no disc '' or `` unknown '' . It is very frustrating . I am very disappointed with this product .
 It worked well for exactly a week . One minute it was fine , and the next minute it would n't turn on . The only way I could get it to turn on after that was to hold the unit upside down !
 I had the predecessor to this model , which lasted a year before refusing to read any DVDs . I read the reviews on this model , which said that it was ` new and improved ' .3 months after receiving it , and it ca n't play DVDs any more , and has a 1 in 4 success rate playing CDs.Most disappointed . When ` playing ' DVDs -LRB- assuming it will even load the DVD -RRB- , it stops every couple of seconds , pauses for around 10 seconds , and might play again for a couple of seconds , or freeze altogether.My second Philips DVD player , and despite being feature-packed , if it only lasts a few months ... I wo n't be buying a Philips DVD player again , which is unfortunate as they normally make reliable equipment.Maybe I got 2 bad ones , but it 's time for me to look elsewhere for a reliable DVD player.It gets a lot of good reviews , but I do n't think the product is that old - it was released just over a year ago , I believe . So , time will tell how other people 's players are for longevity .
 I bought this after reading all of the five star reviews saying it was great for playing international disks . It worked fairly well for the price for one year and six days . Now it wo n't load 60 % of my disks and just says `` No disk '' . I 've read about this same problem in several of the ` one star ' reviews for this player . So after reading the ` one star ' reviews , you can tell there is a reliability problem where these players tend to fail in the first few months . So now that mine is n't working , I 'm putting it out in the dump and giving it a one star review .
 This DVD player is - oddly enough - a step down from the one I bought for $ 30 in 2003 . It is slow to load , slower to eject , the remote control barely works , and it is all in all unresponsive . It does play DVDs nicely , but it has to be coerced .
 This unit does look slick and affordable but mine worked for only 15 months ; please notice that it died after the warranty expired . While it worked it was ok . I did not like the remote since it did not react timely or I had to push hard on the buttons . Further , I did not like that the titles of files played showed only first half a dozen characters and there is nowhere in the preferences to change it.And yes , no amount of hack will fix it , it is simply broken . Upon loading -LRB- after a long time of strange noises -RRB- it shows NO DISC and does not read DVDs nor CDs . Cleaning the head did not work either . I am very disappointed.Pro
 A low cost , but not the lowest . It does n't play WMA files at all as specified , no matter what bit rate is . Dispointed . Othe functions tested seem OK . I do n't recommend this product >
 This is a very quirky DVD player . Very slow to respond to opening the drawer to change media . Does not display repeat information . Seems to play all media without a hitch but not all that user friendly .
 only the name is MULTI-REGION , then why ca n't this productca n't play anything from Region 3 ? the multi - region do n't go with this product.Just a dvd player from a labtop.and that 's it .
 I had to return this item , because it was advertised in the wrong section . I was searching for a multi region DVD player to play europeanmovies , and this DVD player came up among others as a result of the search . I purchased it , and it turned out it was not a multi region player at all , so I returned it and purchased another real multi region player . It would be helpful if everyhting would be advertised where it belonged .
 I just purchased this device and when I received it , the box said it was only a region 1 player . It is the correct model , so why does it not play my region 2 dvds ? Do I have to hack it myself ?
 I ordered a multi region DVD so I can view all my films from Denmark . They have offered that I could return it but I just want the right DVD . I also discarded the package it was sent in . The Philips CVP5140 is supposed to be multi region but they say that the model I received was missing 3 digits after the model name . And that the model I wanted had different digits after the model number . I am just so tired of this that I am probably never going to order ANY electronics from Amazon out of fear that there is some invisible digits following the model number and therefor will not work . I have been a loyal customer for many years but feel that since Amazon involve vendors that are not living up to what they promise , I have to go back to local stores where I test the merchandise and check the DVDs upon purchase.SincerelySteen Lauridsen
 I spent an hour researching region free DVD players - apparently I should have looked further . This unit would take forever to load the CD , and other times it would tell us it was the wrong region and not play at all . Fortunately , Amazon has a great return program and we printed out a postage paid return and back it went.After further research , we bought a Pioneer . I learned that there are a numbr of ways to make a DVD player region free . 1 -RRB- A software hack , or 2 -RRB- a chip replacement . The software hack works most of the time , but will never be totally consistant , where the chip replacement is a real `` fix '' that will work indefinately.Spend a few bucks more and get a better DVD player . Thank you Amazon for making this transaction easy .
 I bought this because I wanted a player that would play DVDs from whatever region I purchased them -LRB- I wanted to buy DVDs in French -RRB- . Regardless , this DVD player bites for a number of reasons . Turn it on , it takes an extremely long time to load , open , etc. . Basically its response time is way below par . I lost the remote recently and that 's all the excuse I need - I 'm going to buy something else .
 Hey for all you Amazon consumers out there , whether you like this or not , I really did not have a good experience with this DVD Player . I bought this device for the purpose of being able to play foreign DVD 's from out of the US , and this electronic mechanism disappointed me greatly.I could not get smooth playback at all with the foreign DVD I tried to play . However , it does work good for DVD 's made in the US.So if you have DVD 's in the US only , this DVD player probably would be good for you -- but for any DVD 's out the the country , this device was a piece of junk.So all my prospective consumers out there , based on what I have written , you be the judge a decide if the DVD player is right for you .
 1 . Turn on the unit2 . Open the loading tray3 . Press the `` Setup '' button on the remote4 . Navigate to the `` Preferences '' page using the right arrow key5 . Enter 1389316 . You will now see the current region code displayed7 . Use the Up/Down arrow keys to select the region required or `` 0 '' for all regions8 . Press the `` Play '' button on the remoteThat 's it .
 the only reason to consider this player is the fact that you can program it to play mutiregion DVDs with a minimum of fuss . apart from that , it 's a shoddy product . the build is flaky - the buttons are absurdly small and cheap-feeling . and the remote - do n't get me started ; it is so poorly designed that you practically have to be standing right in front of the unit at close range to use it -LRB- the remote 's infrared transmitter is so recessed on the underside of the remote that there is an extremely limited set of angles at which it can work -RRB- . this effectively defeats the point of having a remote . did anyone properly test this thing ? the absence of track advance buttons on the unit itself is n't great either . overall , this is simply a shoddy product , even more flakily-designed and made than its decent predecessor , the DVP 642 . i 'd recommend buying it ONLY as your multiregion DVD player for occasional use . if you want a well-designed , user-friendly workhorse for everyday use , look elsewhere .
 This player does play everything including PAL and Divx . However it is a pain to use it.The player does n't turn on if you press the ` play ' button , you have to remember to press the ` on ' key first . It does n't open , unless you press ` on ' key first . There is no open/close button on the remote , so to change a dvd you have to
 This product arrived slit opened and rummaged thru . I have 2 other similar dvd players and this one does not perform as well . It works but it 's not what I thought it would be . I would not order it again nor recommend it to anyone .
 This is a pretty basic DVD player and I was n't expecting a whole lot of fancy features but the basic sequence of turning it on , ejecting it to add/remove a disc , and closing it is a real pain.It wo n't turn on automatically when you press eject , so to start from the off position you need to press the power button , wait for it , then press the eject button and wait for it . It seems like it should n't be that big of a deal , but I 've had a lot of dvd players that would just power on and eject when you press eject and it was n't so much of an issue . This makes you wait at least 30 seconds after pressing power before pressing eject , and it seems like if you press eject twice -LRB- because you are getting frustrated -RRB- it cancels the previous eject.The remote control is also very sensitive to angles so I find myself having to press the buttons repeatedly and contort my body into all sorts of positions to make it work.The other day was the last straw . It seemed it froze up on me and would not power off or eject , so I had to climb behind the entertainment center to unplug it .
 The picture and audio from this DVD player are fine . There is a serious problem with the remote sensor . It only works from five feet away or less , and only if you 're within 30 degrees of the sensor . The problem is not with the remote , as I have the same problem with a Pioneer universal remote . Look at the other reviews , they also complain about the remote . This DVD player is only useful in very small rooms . Even within this Cone of Sensitivity , it does n't register button presses about a third of the time . I decided to give it a week , but after two days my wife and I are already tired of it .
 looks as if quality control is not doing a very good job here , are these put together in China ? any way it would not play the audio had to send it back . reordered another model a DVP 642 also a philips it worked great hate to give a bad review because it was Philips letting a defective product be sent out to the dealer to be sold , not the sellers fault , it is in a sealed box , how are they to know.money was refunded and all but took up waisted time returning . Wake up Philips ! what else do you forget to make work ? or put together half as #ed .
 TWO out of THREE purchased were bad out of the box ! You pay little ... you get little .
 This product can easily be made region-free -LRB- so ignore the $ 90 version listed here . :-RRB- -RRB- It also plays DTS movies despite the lack of logo on the box . Cool.So why do I complain ? Simple . One of the two units I bought developed a problem that 's been getting worse
 The reviews said this can be used for region 2 dvd 's after setting it up correctly . there were no instructions in the manual , so i called philips customer service . their answer was that they do not manufacture any dvd players which are multi region . . - hard to believe , but i returned it . .
 I bought this DVD player for the multi-region capabilities but I now have a much bigger problem
 This is an incredibly mediocre DVD player . Picture quality is fine , but features are lacking . My biggest angry complaint is that if you leave a DVD paused long enough , the thing will simply shut off . Oh , it does n't tell you that , it likes to pretend it 's in `` Standby '' mode ; fact is , it 's merely in `` OFF '' mode with a red LED light on . It will NOT remember where you paused , either ; you 'll simply have to start over . If you are like me and tend to pause to go to the bathroom or respond to a phone call or such , this is an extremely irksome `` feature '' . Other than that , it just seems to lack certain features . I could n't get the subtitles on one of my DVDs to work at all , so , uh , go figure.The remote control is absolutely awful . I 'm only mildly annoyed by the lack of clearly labled ffw/rwd buttons -LRB- they are disguised as the left/right menu navigation buttons -RRB- . I 'm more annoyed by the lack of an eject button on the remote . I 'm absolutely enraged by the placement of the IR diode -LRB- signal thingy -RRB- . It 's recessed under a little half-inch shelf of plastic , which makes the reception for the player sketchy at best . If it is n't aimed just right , you get no response . If you for some reason get this player , use a Universal Remote.The region-free feature is nice , but I wish it was automatic . All I can say is that if you do order this , do n't get angry when you see a big Region 1 code on the box ; this is just the default setting . It takes a minute or two and a special code , but you should be able to play that obscure Chinese comedy series you paid a 937 % markup for on eBay . So far , I have no complaints with the multi-region feature.It can play a variety of formats ; I suppose that 's attractive to some folks . If that sort of thing gets you excited , then you might well like this DVD player . Frankly , I can play all of these formats as well on my new-fangled `` computer '' , plus I can play games , draw pictures , and write smarmy reviews . So really , I personally do n't see the attraction of multi-format playback.Overall , this is a mediocre DVD player that happens to have an attractive feature -LRB- region-free playback -RRB- . There are better players available for the same price or a few bucks more , and I recommend you shop around until you 're sure this one is good enough for you . *** EDIT *** Ok , I guess you CAN resume playback where you left off , you just have to press play as soon as you see the `` LOADING '' . Frankly , this is only mildly less annoying . Why could n't they just AUTOMATICALLY resume play ? Seriously , jeez ...
 I have just received it from Amazon.com and tried all the codes I could found over the Internet . Unfortunately , none of them works and REGION ERR keeps on showing up . This new DVD player does not provide Preference as a choice .
 Caution
 What kind of company has the nerve to sell a dvd player in 2007 that does n't have an s-video plug ? Unbelievable !
 This might be a fine DVD player . I would n't know ; I never got it out of the box . The reason for the low rating is the misinformation on the Amazon.com page , which led me to believe the model DVP5140 is a multi-region player . But as soon as it arrived , I saw a big statement on the box saying this was for Region 1 -LRB- USA -RRB- DVDs only . The whole reason I bought it was to play DVDs that are only available in Region 2 -LRB- UK -RRB- formatting . So I sent it back . Amazon customer service could n't find a DVD player that fit what I need . So now I 'm just down one major gift idea .
 Search on region 2 DVD player and this is the first one up . Only thing is - it does n't play region 2 DVDs.All I can say is beware of the search - I expect the items down the line to match a search less , but first up ? BS , this should n't happen .
 I purchased this unit , because it stated that it could play DVD 's from any world region , but this was not the case , as it only plays American DVD 's . This cost me unecessary shipping costs , as I only got the return shipping costs free . I am still waiting for my reimbursement from AMAZON
 I searched Amazon and found this unit to play Region 1-3 DVD 's . Simple ? Well . The term MuliFormat in the descriptionplus the reviews seemed to show this was a good choiceso I bought.But right on the box before I opened it , it said : `` This set plays DVD sold in the US only -LRB- Region 1 -RRB- . `` We need some help in these Amazon page descriptions!MULTIREGION FOR DUMMIES should de offered defining theterms MulitFormat , MultiRegion , MultiZone , etc etcIf a player is limited to Region 1 , the Amazon descriptionshould say `` Plays Region 1 only . `` If a player will play Region 1-3 , but you need to be a whizby playing around entering codes -LRB- see review this page -RRB- everytime you want to watch a DVD , the Amazon descriptionshould say `` Plays Region 1-3 with program code entry only . `` If a player will play Region 1-3 automatically withouthassles , the Amazon description should say `` Plays Region 1-3 . ''
 The price for the product was good and what I received worked as expected as far as sound quality goes . My biggest gripe with the product is that it turns off about 4-5 mins into a song on its own . I understand a feature like that being implemented into another similar product that might require batteries to work as an energy saver when the product is in idle mode , but this one is hooked up to the car , no batteries needed . Look elsewhere unless you 're ok with having to manually turn on the thing every 4-5 minutes .
 This item puts out bad sound quality . In my personal auto it is so-so but in my van at work it is horrible . So forget about it .
 this item was cheap . that 's why i bought it . it does what it needs to do - play music from my mp3 player on my car stereo . the major drawback is that it just shuts off periodically in the middle of a song , so i have to unplug it and plug it in again . i have a cheap mp3 player too , which makes the music a little distorted in conjuction with adaptor . it 's acceptable . if i wanted a better product i would have shelled out more money .
 I so wanted this product to do what it is supposed to do . It did not work at all . Sadly , a total waste of my money . It does not even deserve one star .
 The sound quality okay , not nearly as good as other FM transmitters I 've used , even on clear channels . Does not seem to have the power as other transmitters either.The most annoying this is that it will turn off if it thinks you are no longer playing music . This typically happens to me when a quite song comes on . Because the radio is turned way up to hear the music -LRB- my ipod 's volume is almost maxed out and this still happens -RRB- when this happens you get an earfull of deafening static .
 This product is awful . I read the reviews ahead of time and decided that it could n't possibly be as bad as people were saying , especially for only 7 dollars . Wrong . It is every bit as bad as everyone else says . Even after changing the settings as recommended , the sound quality -LRB- that 's an oxymoron in this case -RRB- is absolutely terrible . It is literally hard to listen to . Every time the song is even remotely soft , or even sometimes just for no reason at all , the itrip will just shut off or go to a different station . Every time you hit a small bump it turns off . I had to tape it up to my dashboard -LRB- very classy -RRB- for it even to get remotely decent reception , and even then it 's just awful . Put your $ 7 towards one that actually works , not this one .
 this itrip FM transmitter is not the cutting edge one , therefore , we cant expect too much . But the sound quality is not good enough after you connect it to your ipod or other mp3 . Also , it does n't power up automatically when you start your car . You have to pull it off then back in to start it . It 's `` convenient '' only when you always left it hooked up to your car and do n't want it to power-on simutaneously . But the most important is , it does n't have a `` smart scan '' function like its new surpasser `` itrip auto '' or `` itrip auto -LRB- 2008 -RRB- '' . If your travel covers a long distance , like interstate , your radio band that suits best for the transmitter may change too . and once that , you have to adjust it with many clicks on button up or down while you 're driving . That 's insanely dangeous and complex ! So , i would not suggest this one , instead , get a newer model though some bucks more would be added to your budget.Griffin iTrip Auto FM Transmitter and Auto Charger for iPod -LRB- Black -RRB-
 I bought this combo CDRW/DVD player a couple of years ago and it has perform horribly . It 's been a major headache since then . When I first install the CDRW/DVD player , it already had problems playing DVDs . At first , I thought it was my DVDs but when I play them on a DVD console it played them fine.This Ricoh CDRW/DVD player `` hick-ups '' alot about 30 minutes into the movie . You can hear a distintive `` grinding '' noise from the motor to have the lazer head to re-read the skip track on DVD . The motor will spin 3 times to attempt continuous play and then gives up and stop all playback . Also , I notice that new DVDs have a copper underface compared to the older silver underface . These new DVDs do NOT work at all this MP9060 player . It has a hard time reading the disk all the time and will skip continuously . Call customer service did not help me at all and they have not called me back regarding how to solve the problem.As a CDRW , it performs unsatisfactory but it will burn CDs if you are willing to buy alot of them to make one CD.Save your money and go with another brand . I will never buy any Ricoh products ever .
 The overall sound quality is good in all modes tested by me -LRB- audio-CD , MP3-CD , FM-radio -RRB- . There are some problems , however :1 . The ESP -LRB- electronic skip protection -RRB- system is bad . The player buffers up to 40 seconds of audio CD data and up to 120 seconds of MP3 -LRB- at 128kbps -RRB- . However , it behaves very badly . While walking -LRB- just normal fast walk -RRB- with an audio-CD -LRB- the ESP is ON -RRB- I sometimes -LRB- too often :--RRB- get sound `` breaks '' -LRB- this has never happened to me with my old philips player which also has about 40 seconds buffer -RRB- . The situation gets even worse when using a MP3-CD . The following happens -LRB- almost always ! -RRB- - in the beginning it reads the MP3 data until the buffer is full . Then it switches the cd-spin-engine off and plays the music purely from the buffer . About 10 seconds before the end of the buffer , it switches the cd-spin-engine on and tries to read consecutive MP3 data . If you are walking , it usually happens that it fails at this moment , and the sound `` breaks '' for many , many seconds -LRB- so , let 's say ... every 100 seconds of `` music '' you get 20 seconds of `` break '' ... is this what you expect from a player ? -RRB- .2 . In FM-radio mode it is not possible to use EQ function at all -LRB- in CD-related-modes there are 6 different settings available
 I own two such drives . Both failed in less then two years , one completely , the second one still works if mounted `` upside down '' -LRB- otherwise the motor can not start -RRB- . I think there are some motor reliability problem with this particular drive and it is more common that one can assume from the posts or WEB research -LRB- search Google for `` Maxtor Double Beep Problem '' -RRB- . I also own 4 I Western Digital drives with 8MB cache and they all are still alive . Again this might be a coincidence , but please be careful before buying this drive , especially as a replacement .
 I have had 2 Maxtor hard drives within the last 4 years . They just failed on me of no fault of my own . I will not purchase a Maxtor again even if I had to pay a bit more for another brand.It 's too bad .
 I own two such drives . Both failed in less then two years , one completely , the second one still works if mounted `` upside down '' -LRB- otherwise the motor can not start -RRB- . I think there are some motor reliability problem with this particular drive and it is more common that one can assume from the posts or WEB research . May be similar to IBM 's problems , but I may just have a bad luck . I also own 4 I Western Digital drives with 8MB cache and they all are still alive . Again this might be a coincidence , but please be careful before buying this drive , especially as a replacement .
 !!!! BUY A MAXTOR AT YOUR OWN PERIL !!! I have a Dell 1Gig , 512 machine , with the Maxtor 40G hard-drive as part of the initial build . Less than two weeks after my machine came off Warranty , the drive failed , completely and utterly.In breaking down my box , I found that the warranty was marked on the outside of the HD as `` aug 03 '' -LRB- it 's presently jul 03 -RRB- . So I called Maxtor . They claimed the HD warranty ended in May 03 . The rep asked me to `` send proof '' , which after some further discussion was a fax sent to Maxtor -LRB- which I had to send 3 times -RRB- . After getting Maxtor support to help for about 15 minutes , they suddenly said , `` this drive was OEM 'd by Dell and as such you have to deal with them . '' When I pointed out that the warranty was still good according to the HD , I was handed around and eventually told , `` tough luck '' . I 'm going to try my luck with Western Digital .
 I ordered it Dec. 5th 2001 , it was failing by feb 1 2002 . However Maxtor is sending me another drive . I will just have to wait and see how it turnes out .
 We purchased about 200 pc 's containing these drives and within a few months , we have to replace 1 - 4 a week . This is not a coincidence that they are all Maxtor drives . Dell is replacing them with Seagate and Western Digital .
 Maxtor hard drives do not last very long . I have four Maxtor hard drives
 Stay away from this hard drive . Lasted less than 10 months . Western Digital apparently is better . I have read many negative reviews about this after I purchased it .
 I have had this drive for about 10 days now and the performance seems quite reliable . However , two things bother me about this drive :1 . The noise . I have a brand new Dell Dimension 8200 that is a very quiet machine . I am adding this drive as a second volume and there is an annoying reverberating noise from the disk even when its not accessing . Its not an outright loud noise but persistent enough that after 15 minutes it `` feels '' very loud . I 'm thinking of giving them a second chance and return this for a replacement .2 . The quality of the enclosed IDE cable is deplorable . The instructions in the package suggested using that cable to `` maximize performance . '' Looking at the substandard cable , I thought of leaving the original Dell cable in there . When the sound kept disturbing me , I decided to give the Maxtor cable a try , for what it was worth . As expected , that did n't have any effect on the noise level.I did find a quirk with Windows 2000 in the process that might be helpful to other users . Apparently , when you switch IDE cables Win2K loses track of the bootable device ! Switching back to the original cable does not help either . I tried all forms of recovery and repair but to no avail . I had to do a full install to get it up and and running again . This is not a problem with XP Home or Professional though .
 There is nothing wrong with the performance of Maxtor drives but their durability is questionable . Of three Maxtor drives none made it off warranty without replacement . They were finally replaced with another brand and each of these drives has more hours on it than the total of the three Maxtor drives with no problems .
 Based on the `` good reputation '' of Maxtor hard drives , I bought one of these when my IBM `` Deathstar '' failed . That turned out to be a really bad choice ... I thought the IBM 's 2 year service life was bad , this `` wonderful '' Maxtor lasted about 6 weeks before having motor problems and it failed completely 2 weeks after that . Since I do n't have an extra room in my apartment to store boxes for all of my electronic items , I threw away the original packaging -LRB- Maxtor requires this for returning the defective unit -RRB- , so , I guess I now have a 90 dollar , two-month-old , paper weight . I replaced it with a Seagate Barracuda and , the jury is still out , but at least I wo n't have to worry about warranty coverage . The warranty on the Seagate drive stipulates that subjecting the drive to more than 350 G 's will void the warranty , so , as long as I do n't take it apart or throw it in front of a speeding bus , I should be covered . DO N'T BUY A MAXTOR !!! Unless you enjoy throwing your money away .
 I have owned several Maxtor drives over the years , and they are definitely the worst of the bunch . They have all been louder and have benchmarked slower than my other drive . These are also the only drives I 've ever had die . I 've owned many drives from Western Digital , Seagate , Fujitsu , Quantum , and IBM . ALL of them perfectly , including my ancient 80 MB Seagate drives . Out of 5 Maxtor drives , however , only 2 still work . My last Maxtor lasted less than a year . For speed , I recommend a new Seagate or IBM drive . Western Digital and Fujitsu are very quiet and give good performance . Maxtor drives may be cheaper , but they will cost a lot more when you have to replace a dead drive .
 My son purchasd this Maxtor drive for christmas . Opened the box and inside was a Quantum drive , with a note attached stating that Maxtor had merged with Quantum . Also on the note , it stated that the utility programs would not work on the Quantum drive . I find this dispicible if not illeagle . Nowhere in the ad or on the box was there any mention that there was a quantum drive in the box .
 HII responded to the Amzon ad which display Maxtor DiamondMax Plus 40 GB 7200 RPM Hard Drive . The reason I responded to the ad is because the interface was Ultra ATA/66 . When I received the product the interface was Ultra ATA 133 . This is very very diappointing . Now I must purchase a Ultra ATA/133 PCI card to make the drive work.I was duped , bambused , suckered , an object of false advertizement , sucker punched , tricked . An my money is gone.I can not order again . This hurts too much .
 Unfortunately , I have to agree with the reviewer who recommended avoiding Maxtor products . I recently purchased a new computer which had a Maxtor hard disk drive , and after less than a month , it quit working . All Maxtor will do is ship me a new drive after I return the old one , expecting me to be able to handle the installing/uninstalling myself , and I 'm a complete moron when it comes to computers . It does n't seem to me that Maxtor offers any customer support whatsoever for those of us who are n't computer geniuses . Did I mention that they also want me to pay for the shipping and handling to replace their defective product ? I 'll never buy from Maxtor again .
 I 've successfully installed hard drives before without any problems , but this drive has been ridiculous . I too am upset with the fact that this Maxtor Box came with a Quantum Fireball drive inside . I read in another review that someone was upset with the note they received in their box telling them that they could not use the utility software that came with it . I either missed that or did n't get it . Call me crazy , but I just assumed that the software that came with the drive should work.I 've been trying to configure this drive as a primary drive on anyone of three systems for weeks now . Two systems did n't have a new enough BIOS for the drive even though niether of them were more than a year old . So I decided to use the third system which is brand new . The problem is that I have a full version of Windows 95 and upgrades for Windows 98 and Windows ME . The Windows 95 setup wo n't even run , probably because WIndows 95 is only capable of handling drives up to 32 gigs . So I decided to try Windows NT 4.0 , which I also have . After all sorts of problems , I got NT installed only to find out that it believed the 40 gig drive was a 2 gig one and that it was just about full.During all of these problems , I 've been exploring the Maxtor Knowledge Base for answers , which sure did n't come with the drive . It was only then did I learn that I probably should n't be using the MaxBlast software that came with it . Ridiculus.It seems that most of these other consumers have installed it as a second drive or with a newer full version of Windows , such as a Windows 98 OEM . If you plan on using it as a primary drive , good luck . You 're going to need it .
 I had three western digital drive all failed by the third year got a maxtor drive and have no problems
 We ordered the Uniden two way radio . The picture shows two radios with the charging base . When we recieved the package we received just the radios , no charging base or rechargeable batteries . We had to do some adjustments to be able to use the radios in the way that we had needed .
 Could n't perform a standard back-up procedure with my E740 . Called Toshiba , said SanDisk was not recommended . I tried a Lexar SD card , no problems . Back-up worked fine . I will no longer buy SanDisk .
 I bought the 128MB card to use in my Leica Digilux and immediately had problems ... some shots would not record others looked like they recorded , but then would turn up corrupted when I brought them into Photoshop . I went back to my original card and no problems . An isolated issue ? Who knows .
 Bought one of these and took it on vacation . Defective , did not function .
 I have ordered and returned 2 of these for use with a new e310 toshiba palm pc .1 . The first came in and said it was only 310Kb2 . The 2nd would only copy about 36Mb of files and then crach my computer . Also every time I put it in the e310 it would ask to format it . !!! spent 2 days talking to Toshiba ans sandisk . Of course each say its the other whats new !!!
 I just got off the line with Toshiba . The Sandisk SD 's are NOT compatable with their Pocket PC 's . I bought three of the 128 MB 's at once -LRB- for backups and data storage -RRB- and two have died so far . Sandisk did not know of this -LRB- they do now -RRB- but Toshiba DID and has NO warnings up on their Web site ! Man am I ticked ! The 128 's will work for a while , start to fail , then hard fail on the Pocket PC -LRB- wo n't even recognize it -RRB- . Toshiba suggested I buy a Toshiba SD instead -LRB- or a Dilken to be fair -RRB- . Toshiba , I love the e310 , but this is a poor way to treat customers .
 DO NOT buy this if you want to use it with a Sharp Zaurus -- if you check the Zaurus newsgroups , you 'll find that this card does not work with that great little PDA . It will mount once , then if you turn the machine off or eject the card it will never be mountable again . It 's not clear if this is a problem with the SD card or the Zaurus , but it is clear you should use a different brand ...
 Bought one of these and it was defective.After calling Sandisk and spending 15 minutes giving all the info to some representative in FLA , was told they would be back to me in 3-4 days . After hearing nothing from them for about 14 days -LRB- even with another phone call -RRB- , I finally got an email from their customer service . Too late , as I dumped this card at a loss and went with Lexar - a company whose memory has held up well for me . As far as Sandisk goes - cheap prices , but you end up paying later if you ever need support .
 I had to reset my device at least 10 times and sometimes I needed a hard reset and lose all valuable data .
 I bought the card because it said that it is compatible with PDA.I first had some troubles with transfer large files . Then had trouble with backup -LRB- back-up -RRB- of the Toshiba E740 pocket PC.After chatting with Toshiba online support , suggesting that I check the compatibility , I went to the Sandisk 's website , and then found out that the SD 128 MB -LRB- 619659015947/B000068CS0 -RRB- does n't compatible with Toshiba product . What a problem . Hope that help .
 After receiving an error message when attempting backups and transfers of files over 3mb , I just gave up . Do n't get this if you 're using it with a Maestro .
 According to Toshiba technical support , this product will notwork with a Toshiba PDA . Therefore it is worthless to me . Ihave no idea as to why Amazon.com sells it under these circumstances . My recommendation would be to not buy it untilyou check with the manufacturer of the product where you plan to place it . Any SD manufacturer that has this poor of a relationship with a major device manafacturer should either repair the relationship or warn customers of problems . Avoidthis product unless you are sure it works with your device .
 Like the reviewer from Sun City West AZ , I bought a card to use in my Toshiba PDR-3300 Digital Camera which uses Secure Digital Memory . I too was attracted to Sandisk 's 128MB 's low price relative to its competitors , so I ordered it . From out of the package , I loaded the card into my camera and took several pictures . The camera kept saying `` no picture '' . After taking it out from the camera and cleaning the contacts on the card , I tried again . This time I got two pictures that were extremely blurry . I returned the card and ordered a Delkin Secure Digital Memory Card . The Delkin card has worked perfectly . What good is the low price that SanDisk offers if the card is unreliable ?
 I have a Toshiba PDR-3300 Digital Camera which uses Secure Digital Memory . Because of the Sandisk 128MB 's low price relative to its competitors I ordered it . On the 3rd picture I got a constant error failure on it . I returned it and ordered another one . It failed on the 10th picture . Returned it and ordered a Delkin Secure Digital Memeory Card . The Delkin has worked perfectly fine . Sandisk is selling theirs for about half the price of their competitors . Maybe there is a reason for this -LSB- low -RSB- price ?
 After visiting SanDisk 's web site and checking their compatibility list I decided to buy the 128MB SD card for my Palm M505 . According to SanDisk 's site the card is compatible with the M505 ; the packaging even has the `` Palm '' logo on it with the words , `` Designed for Palm Handhelds '' . Fact is that the 128Mb SD from SanDisk does NOT work in Palm devices . I sent support e-mail to both SanDisk and Palm . Palm pointed their finger at SanDisk and SanDisk never responded . I did some research on my own and found that the controller used in the 128MB SD card is not the same as other flavors of SanDisk SD cards , and is in fact NOT compatible with Palm Handhelds . Shame on SanDisk for not doing their homework and shame on Palm for letting SanDisk use their trademark without verifying that the product actually is `` Designed for Palm Handhelds '' .
 I started using these cards a few months ago . Bought two of them . They were a lot cheaper than those from Lexar , Simple , etc. . However , you get what you pay for.I first found out how bad these cards are when I bought a Sharp Zaurus . Apparently Sandisk does something funky in the hardware on these cards that keeps them from behaving like everyone else 's cards . Whatever they have done keeps it from working on the Zaurus.While looking through some other products here , I am now seeing that they are not working on things such as the Toshiba e740 -LRB- which I also own -RRB- . The card seemed to work on mine , but only half way . I had been attributing problems to the PC2002 OS on it . Turns out I was a bit mistaken.So , if you can get this card to work in your device , good luck to you . If you ca n't , get rid of the card and buy something from another manufacturer .
 Can only store about 20 meg then it will claim that storage is full . Waiting for a replacement now .
 I 'm very disapointed , it isnot the same item that I see in the photos . This pen is only for ipad . I ordered that item to use the pen both for ipad and as a pen as well . However it does not have the pen feature.I 'm highly disapponted by the seller . If I want only a stylus pen , I had already from bluecell for less cheaper .
 I 've read many great reviews about this mp3 player on this site and other sites , so I decided to get one myself.When I got the player I immediately regretted . The player was bulkier than I expected and the contruction feels cheap , when I remove the battery and the USB storage unit I can see chasis of the player is poorly made.The features are ok and although the controls were n't perfectly intuitive it should n't take long to get familiar with them.After using it for 1 hour I accidentally gave it a slight bump , it looked ok at first then when I pressed the controls the unit died and never came back up , so I had to return the unit for a refund.bottomline : if you 're tight on your budget but you want a flash mp3 player with many features , otherwise pay a little more for something with better quality
 Bought this camera day after Thanksgiving , for a really good price , Though its definalty not thought thru on how to make a camera , the battery door is sooo hard to shut and to put in a Memory card it feels like you need to FORCE it inside , it runs on AA batteries and only lasted three flashes !!!!!! You take a photo and it says `` please hold camera steady and then it takes the photo after the fact ... . I knew it seemed to good to be true to be a decent camera for 60 dollars ... . its going back needless to say and Ill put in just a TAD bit more of my hard earned cash to get a decent camera to take photos ...
 I purchased this camera about four years ago to replace my clunky , 3.1 MP Poloriod camera . I unfortunately picked this up at an electronics store that was closing down , and thus it was clearly stated that there were NO refunds.The good : Well , under ideal circumstances , it can take good pictures . For the casual photographer nowadays , 14 + Megapixels is not really necessary . For many -LRB- not all -RRB- of my uses , a 6.1 MP camera is fine ; I even lost my newer camera and had to fall back on this one for a summer outing , and it actually did n't preform horribly . It can adjust to different light levels , but it needs a moment to do so . It does have a digital -LRB- not optical -RRB- zoom . It also has video capibilities.The bad : It does n't preform that well compared to a lot of other cameras . While it can adjust light levels , it does so slowly , and it has a really tough time with night shots.It eats through batteries quite quickly , especially if you use the flash -LRB- I got into the habit of carrying several extra sets of batteries with me -RRB- . It also has NO AUDIO for the video feature . Maybe I was a bit naive , but I thought having audio with my video was a standard feature . Nothing on the package mentioned this , however . That was my biggest disappointment.It also lacks the port to connect directly to a TV through component / RCA cables . Additionally , it does n't adjust when you 're trying to take a picture of something up close . So if you want to take pictures of , say , you old action figures from back in the day so you can list them on E-Bay , you really ca n't get much detail.The ugly -LRB- truth -RRB- : It 's an obsolete product . I stated that the average everyday photo taker does n't need a super high resolution camera . But that does n't mean higher resolution cameras are n't available for a comparable price.I just got a Canon PowerShot A495 , and am very happy with it -LRB- especially with being able to record audio with my video -RRB- . The Canon was actually a bit cheaper I think than this one when I bought it . But like I said , this is an old camera . If you 're looking for something cheap and find this camera for around $ 20 , it 's a great buy . Just keep in mind the flaws . For $ 50 , go look for something else . Or even spend a bit more for a better quality camera.As for my Digital Concepts camera , it 's relegated to a backup camera , and also for when I want to take pictures in a place where I could damage the camera .
 Before purchasing this camera I did read several reviews , most of them quite critical of the camera , but because the price was what I wanted to spend on a 10 year old I ordered it anyway . I gave it to her for Christmas , but a week later no one can get the camera to work . She is out of state so I do n't have the camera in hand to send back to the shipper yet , hope they will accept and refund my money . Next time I will believe the reviews ! The one good comment I can give the company is that the shipping was on time , I was notified of ship date and the camera was well packaged .
 My parents bought this camera for my 9 year old daughter . It kept freezing up - the battery door is almost impossible to open and close . So I exchanged it at Walmart for another one since this one seemed to be defective in how it kept freezing up.So the next one . Same problems.I 'd like to exchange again but it is no longer carried at Walmart and too much time has elapsed . Save your money for a different camera - this one is a piece of & ^ % % & * .
 I bought this camera to avoid the hefty price of a name brand , since I only wanted something better than my first $ 20 digital camera.My intention was to be able to take better pictures of my items for sale and just better photos all around.This particular camera may take nice background photos once you master the effects of all the option buttons -- but it lacks in clarity and eats batteries like there 's no tomorrow.Turns out my $ 20 camera takes better photos albeit small photos ... The included editing software was of no help to correct picture quality problems . . so I feel cheated all the way around and now wonder which camera will be a better choice and not kill my pocket book .
 I received this back in October and I can almost never use it now . I keep getting errors on it and they do n't go away even after taking the batteries out . Not worth the money .
 Just bought this camera at a discount retailer for under $ 20 and am taking it back . Bought it for our young child to play with and it just frustrates her , and us . It has a long lag time and it is even hard to shut off . Not worth the money !
 its not true that its distance is 20 miles its only working within 2 miles . its very bad .
 After spending an hour on the phone with my Compaq tech support , I was n't able to get my laptop to view on my Sony 52 '' flat screen TV . Reason
 I 've had a 3 foot VGA cable that I 've been using to clone my old analog TV to my laptop at 800x600 resolution . I recently purchased a 32 inch LED TV -LRB- 1280x720 resolution -RRB- . This cable would not interface with the new TV -LRB- Blue Screen of Death -RRB- and I got an extremely blurry , to put it generously , picture on my old TV . My short cable worked perfectly on both TVs at those resolutions . I would avoid this cable , or the seller Marginmart , at all cost . Cable &#34; looks good &#34; but it does n't work .
 Simply because of the length of this cord , the quality is diminished as the picture runs through all 25 feet.It is fine for my daughter , but the occasional white line shooting through the screen disturbs me enough to not want to watch it.Although , if you have a real need for a 25 foot cable , I guess there 's not much you can do .
 when I received the item I immediately suspected something was wrong
 cpu is little far away from monitor so i bought this cable as it had good reviews but when i got it and hooked it up screen is all blury can not use it but for price not worth shipping back guess i am stuck with a cable i will never use .
 This had good reviews , and I have a good concept of Belkin products , not to pricy and good quality . this cable is thin . When I first saw that I figure no problem as long as it performs well . When connected to my 17 '' Dell lcd monitor , picture was very poor . I 'm sending it back .
 Just my luck . I did not do my homework and read reviews . Going to Samsung 1080 from Sony Laptop . Just too much lost in signal and cable weight is just not heavy enough for length of cable . Sad , not worth the price of freight to return .
 The signal was so degraded on this VGA cable I was startled . I have had many Belkin products before and have never been this disappointed . The ghosting was terrible and totally washed out . I ca n't send it back because I cut five feet of the cable out to try and improve the performance ... did n't work . I purchased two of them and they were both bad . Do not purchase this for any reason . I purchased a Rosewill from Newegg and was completely satisfied .
 I purchased many cables throughout the year and this is by far the worst quality cable I have purchased to date . The packaging and cable said Belkin on them , but that 's where the resemblance to an authentic Belkin cable ended . This cable being sold by MarginMart , Inc. is not an authentic Belkin cable and is a cheap reproduction . If your cable works when you get it , consider yourself lucky.Everything about this cable screamed low quality . The twist on ends that secure the cable were cheaply made and difficult to use . I simply unpackaged the cable and securely fastened it to both my monitor and PC just to test it out and immediately I had problems with false colors showing on the monitor . I moved the cable around and all the colors were changing as I was moving it . I kept moving it just to try and get the colors to show correctly and the monitor started blanking out . Obviously , there was something wrong with the integrity of the wires inside the cable . The cable has since stopped working altogether.I ended up purchasing the following cable and it has been working great ever since : SVGA cable from Kumo High Resolution VGA To VGA Cable -LRB- BLUE -RRB- - 25 FTSold by
 Hoping to fill my tv screen 60 led , this cable did n't do it . I did discover that they make hd vga cables that do it . This one did n't . I got a new cable that works
 I purchased this cable because I `` assumed '' it was made by Belkin , not to mention that the reviews seemed excellent . Hmmmmmmmm , the legitimacy of these reviews makes me wonder now!In any case , when I received the cable and hooked it up , my screen was all blurry . Having worked with Belkin products before , I thought to look for their trademark name on the cable . To my surprise , it was not there ! Cables made by Belkin should have their name on it.I discussed this with Amazon and they stated that they would look into this . I hope they do as their customers deserve better than this!My advise , do n't buy anything sold by Amazon 's distributor `` MarginMart , Inc. '' It 's likely to be a poor quality knock-off of the real thing .
 Yikes ! Loved this cable till I turned on the monitor . Good build , good feel , easy to connect but the image was like looking through water . Every edge was fuzzy and waving . Will have to return this one and try a 15ft with better shielding .
 I purchased this cable to hook up my Mac Pro with A Samsung 1080P DLP . My fault for not doing my homework and realizing that `` high integrity '' is not high resolution . This cable will only do up to 1280 x 720 . It will not do 1900 x 1200 resolutions . Bought an Atlona VGA/SVGA High Resolution Video Cable instead .
 ghost image , severe interference . work exactly like my previous $ 8 RiteAV VGA Cable . Even the spec . printed on the cable are exactly the same as those spec . printed on $ 8 RiteAV VGA Cable . Nothing on the cable suggest that this is Belkin 's product . Sticker on the packing plastic bag has another sticker beneath showing startech.com label : http://www.amazon.com/StarTech-com-MXT101MMHQ25-25-Feet-Resolution-Monitor/dp/B000067SPK/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1338918304&sr;=1-1really suspicious !!!
 Lots of blur . This is not a quality product and I would not recommend to a friend or purchase again . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this cable to connect my netbook to my bedroom tv . The cable itself is thick and appears to be made of quality materials , however it does n't work when solidly connected to both components . The screen color goes purplish-pink , unless I play with one side and keep it held in that position.This cable was also tested with my Desktop Monitor and PC , and I found the same issue . No , it 's not my equipment , it 's this cable . I 'm using this cable right now with tape , while a wait for another cable . Very annoying that a simple VGA cable does n't work properly.Not recommended .
 Recently bought this cable for the purpose of hooking up my flat screen monitor and laptop . Laptop will go on credenza and monitor on main desk . The quality is bad . Coloring is terrible , images are blurry . Isolated it to this cable . Used existing -LRB- shorter cable -RRB- , quality is great . Upon switching to new cable , quality returns to terrible.Changed resolution settings , changed monitor settings but no luck.Lesson learned , Despite the Belkin name , this product is low quality . Pro Series = NOT .
 I got this product for a really low price . I was so excited . No more wires and tangles.At first everything was okay . It took kind of long for the receiver to search for the mouse and keyboard but it wasnt that much of a problem . The problem with this key board is that it loses signal for no reason . One minute you typing normally , the next its missing entire words and sometimes letters . So my typing ends p loolike ths . ihte itIm always thinking its the battery . So every time this happens , I switch to brand new batteries . 10 minutes later , it goes back to losing signal.I am now typing on my wired keyboard . I threw the wireless keyboard away.I heard Logitech does good wireless keyboards . Might give them a try . But trust me , AVOID microsofts wireless keyboard .
 My biggest complaint is unresponsive keys , especially in the numbers key pad -LRB- the enter button within the keypad in particular -RRB- . I use an accounting system and use the numbpad all the time.Another annoyance is the hypersensitive mouse . There is probably a way to adjust , I just have n't taken the time as I am more concerned with the keys that intermitantly do n't work or require a heavy hand.On the upside ... it is wireless which is what I wanted and it was easy to install .
 I bought this set for my husband . We 've had no problems with the keyboard , however , the mouse is the worst mouse I 've ever used . I do n't even know how to describe it . It 's sluggish and nearly impossible to use no matter what settings we used . I can find absolutely no redeeming qualities for this mouse other than it did work , just not acceptably . I finally just ordered him a new mouse . I went with the same Logitech Nano that I have and love !
 I bought one of these sets in August 2009 , to upgrade a Logitech set I had for a few years . I should have stuck with Logitech ! Within a couple of weeks , I found that the keyboard would skip characters or become completely unresponsive unless the transceiver was ridiculously close to the keyboard . It and the mouse went through batteries like no other keyboard I 've ever had - and I 've been using wireless keyboards and mice since they were originally introduced!The mouse just died completely by Christmas - the laser died , so no light came out of the bottom . I called Microsoft 's tech support and they promised me a replacement would arrive in 7-10 days , but it never arrived . They finally admitted that they did n't do so because this product was discontinued . Why would they discontinue the product so quickly ? Do a quick search , folks - because this thing is PLAGUED with problems ! It does n't work for anyone!The replacement did n't arrive until March . That 's right - it took three months to get a replacement that was promised in December . When it arrived , it was the newer model , the 5000 . They are n't accepting the 4000s for repair or anything - they 're trash.So do n't bother to buy this thing . Pass it up . I long for those MS Natural Keyboards that were so wonderful , but at some point , Microsoft forgot how to make a decent keyboard or how to provide reasonable customer support .
 I purchased this item to replace my very old mouse and keyboard . The meager instructions from microsoft say nothing about what to do if the CD they include with the purchase DOES NOT WORK!Also , why is the keyboard the 4000 series and the mouse 5000 ?? You can simply plug the reciever in and get the mouse and keyboard to work without installing the CD but if you want to customize any of the keys or access the help documents , thats another story.After many hours of searching online I have resolved my issues with this product , but I would not recommend it unless you have the time and patience to figure everything out . The keyboard and mouse are comfortable but the aggravation of getting them to work far outweighs any other benefit .
 I ordered this product and returned it . There were other issues which caused me to return the unit and I never actually used it ... so take this review with a grain of salt but one of the things which I did not like about it was its size . There really is no need for keyboards to be so big . It takes up real estate on the desk and looks awkward .
 it was shipped with no batteries whatsoever , and i had to purchase several of them on my own , however , none of them worked . the keyboard , mouse and receiver were all totally dead . i already have an older version of this keyboard , and after installing the new software , the settings on my old keyboard became defunct . trying to find a phone # to call pc master outlet but can not find one . emailed them to try to make an exchange . product was sold as brand new but it did n't come in a `` product '' box , only a fed ex box , so i 'm not sure it 's really brand new . am incredibly dissatisfied so far , since my computer is n't usable as it was 3 days ago .
 Pros
 The keyboard works fine , good connection , but the wireless mouse reception has ALWAYS been low or poor , and I have the receiver 6 inches away from it ! I 'm sure there are better options out there . Good luck . Logitech seems to have better products ...
 I was looking for a wireless mouse and keyboard for my HTPC and this one caught my eye because it seemed to be more ergonomic and featured a laser mouse . I assumed it would be of decent quality like my previous Microsoft mice and keyboards ; boy was I wrong . # 1 is the problem with the layout . The F keys are now secondary function keys and are in groups of 3 instead of 4 . Also , the delete , home , end , page up/down are screwed up as well . If you know how to type this is extremely annoying . # 2 Range . Get more than a few feet away and the mouse loses connectivity . This thing is supposed to be wireless for god 's sake . I bought wireless to move further away from my computer . # 3 The mouse `` times out '' quite quickly . If you pause for more than a few seconds you have to jiggle the mouse to make the scroll wheel work again . I presume to save battery life . This is fine . However , I think scrolling the wheel should reactivate it . # 4 Scroll wheel . Sometimes it slows down . A lot ... I 'm so sick of poorly engineered and poor quality products . UGH !! Does anyone test these things before they put them out on the shelves ?! If I were you I 'd move on and leave this thing on the shelf next to that copy of Windows Vista ... Bleh !
 Let me start by saying that I love this keyboard . When it is working ! This keyboard has everything I need in a keyboard and it is very easy to set up . The internet short cut buttons are great and having the music controls are a big plus . My huge problem with this keyboard is that I purchased three of them and all three of them have died within six months . It usually starts with the occasional missed key and slowly leads to certain keys that rarely work and will end up with a third of your keyboard that will not work unless you pound the hell out of it . I am a very tech savvy person and have tried everything to get this thing to work and slowly but surely they all end up dying . I held off giving the bad review but know that I am looking to replace keyboard # 3 I will definitely be looking elsewhere .
 I really liked the look and feel of this keyboard right out of the box -LRB- the mouse kind of sucks - it 's really heavy and big and I have small hands -RRB- . I have wrist issues , so I need ergonomic or comfort keyboards when typing at work all day . I thought this was the best to go with based on reviews and price . The keyboard worked really well for the first couple of months . Then I noticed that as I was typing , a lot of letters/spaces/symbols , etc. , were not being registered . I thought it was me just typing too fast . But when I did a slow test on a new word document , I discovered that the keyboard was actually not registering random keystrokes . I called Microsoft about this and after about five different `` tests '' and resets the keyboard continued to skip keystrokes . I bought the Microsoft Comfort Keyboard 2000 for a co-worker and that keyboard has started to skip as well - and it is n't even wireless ! I thought it might have been the wireless connection , but it seems that it 's just a problem with Microsoft keyboards . I wo n't be buying Microsoft accessories ever again . I 'm going to give Logitech a whirl .
 For me , two types of customer reviews are useful
 I can type with extreme speed on this keyboard once I hit my stride . I can type much faster on this keyboard than on a standard keyboard -- usually a non-standard keyboard slows me down . However , this is only when I am not using keyboard shortcuts or naviagtional buttons.It 's reasonably comfortable . If find the Microsoft Natural keyboard -LRB- wired -RRB- is much more comfortable once I got used to it.You can set custom keys.Cons : It can be a pain to set the custom keys.One major issue I have as a typist is the placement of the editing keys . They turned them -LRB- instead of being a 3 x 2 set of keys they are now 2 x 3 -RRB- and removed the INSERT key . The INSERT key was moved to the PRINT SCREEN Key so it is out of reach if you are typing and want to switch insert modes . To use it , you may have to hit the FUNCTION LOCK depending on whether or not FUNCTION LOCK is toggled . If you use CTRL+INSERT and SHIFT+INSERT instead of CTRL+C and CTRL+V you may find yourself forced to relearn your habits in order to retain your stride.If you use VMWare hitting CTRL , ALT + INSERT is a tad more difficult , especially if you like using your programmed keys as well as function keys -LRB- you may have to toggle the FUNCTION key -RRB- . I ended up setting my F12 key to handle CTRL , ALT + INSERT.The DELETE key replaces the INSERT key by taking up it 's original space and the space for the INSERT key -LRB- It 's twice as big as a regular DELETE key -RRB- . For a while I was constantly deleting things when I went for INSERT key . PAGE DOWN is now where END is and END was placed in a slightly more inaccessible location . PageUp took place of HOME . This why starting out with this keyboard , whenever I went for the END or HOME keys , I was constantly jumping pages.The alt key on the keyboard constantly gets stuck . This usually is n't a problem until you hit the letter P whie you are typing and Media player pops up -LRB- Media Player maximized when you hit ALT + P -RRB- . -LRB- To get out of this , you just have to click ALT a few times -- it 's a pain though if you do n't know why Media Player keeps popping up when you 're typing -RRB- . I use hotkey combinations with the Windows key a lot -LRB- For example , WKEY + M will minimize all Windows and show the desktop , WKEY + E will launch Explorer -RRB- . With this keyboard , I 've found find that they do n't always work . This also is a real pain if you use OneNote which has shortcuts relying on the Windows Key.I also would n't reccomend getting this keyboard if you own multiple computers or work between computers unless you get the same keyboard for each machine . I sometimes forget that I am using a standard keyboard when I switch to my home machine and hit the wrong keys thinking I am using the wireless.If you are an Excel pro and you use SCROLL LOCK , you will may find that you will have to hit the FUNCTION key to accss the SCROLL LOCK key is accessed through FUNCTION key on the keyboard.I get the feeling that the designer of the keyboard layout was n't a particularly advance MS Office user.And forget Microsoft support . I was just on thier website -- you get free email support for 90 days , afterwards it can be $ 35 an incident . To get support you also have to accept an agreement.It 's not that I am against MS in any way . I would reccomend the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000 if your reason for looking for an ergonomic keyboard -LRB- AFAIK the Wireless 4000 is not ergonomic -RRB- . It 's wired though which is probably a drawback if you are here for a wireless keyboard -LRB- probably likely -RRB- .
 Keyboard and mouse has way to many features to use . It gets to complicated when trying to do simple tasks.The mouse is FULL of various buttons which makes it confusing .
 Save your money and buy something else . I 've only have this keyboard for 2 months and its totally acting weird . when I type something , it takes a few seconds before it goes in and it always lose connection . I already burned mine , so i hope you guys wont waste your money on this piece of junk !
 This keyboard is awfully loud and the keys stick . It 's oversized , and the browser zoom tool does not work with Firefox . I paid about $ 50 for it , and gave up on the keyboard after a couple months -LRB- the mouse is fine -RRB- . Went with the Microsoft Wireless Keyboard 6000 -- a far quieter and better designed keyboard .
 I like the over all design and feel of the keyboard but since I 've bought it I have had a problem with many of the keys sticking . It is now to the point where I 'll end up with infinitely rrrrrrrrrrrrrrepeated lettersssssssssss at random intervals as I 'm trying to type . I 'm going to scrap it for another brand sometime sssssssssssssssoon .
 i ordered this item in December . I noticed that when I received it that the mouse actually is the 5000 instead of the 4000 . No big deal I thought . I 've later realized the the keyboard is the Wireless Comfort Keyboard 4000 . I ca n't imagine that these were meant to be sold together.The mouse does n't seem to work with some online games.I hate that the keyboard has no lights to show when the Cap Lock and Num Lock are on or off .
 This has to be the worst and the most unergonomic bouse I 've ever used . The way thumb and rest of fingers curls around this mouse is the most frustrating . The mouse is so slippery that your thumb and fingers constantly have to be under strain to keep it from slipping.Receiver have to be with literally 3 '' inches away to work appropriately . If foot apart , both keyboard and mouse goes haywire.Last thing the space bar makes the the most annoying sound.I think I 'll go back to Logitech .
 See reviews here on Amazon.com for Quantaray QSX , seems to be same monopod with different label . Weak point is the lower 3 telescoping legs which have no twist lock like upper two legs , especially last section which will collapse with only a few pounds of pressure from above . Also , if you are over 1.8 m -LRB- 6 feet -RRB- tall then the 1.5 m -LRB- 60 '' -RRB- total height is too short.Though ball socket pan/tilt head is nice touch on this low end monopod , better to get separate pan/tilt head and get more useful monopod . For instance the Opteka MP100 is 67 '' high with each leg having solid snap lock.Agree with other reviewer of QSX , included belt clip is nice , and when used on belt do n't need problematic lower 3 telescoping legs.Cheers de Mark
 I have had trouble with this monopod holding a position once set . I used this with a Canon S3 IS which is light weight . The only stable position seems to be completely collapsed or with just the upper section extended .
 I got a paper with letters on it , they wo n't come off sticky , they wo n't come off period . . and how is this suppose to work ?? no directions ... thanks for the terrible reviews above ...
 The stickers do n't actually come off the thing , so unless you want to spend 6 hours on your keyboard , buy any product but this one ! Complete junk !
 The stickers did n't even come off the paper and if they did they ripped in half and were ruined ... a horrible product . I regret paying shipping and handling for this product . DO NOT BUY !
 I am not happy with htis item . The car charger only worked one time . After that every time i plug it in it does not work .
 I purchased this product on August 2 2012 , the usb and wall charger work perfectly but the car charger was made from very cheap plastic and was already broken in the package . I was very dissapointed with the material used for the car charger .
 The product was shipped fast but the portion that plugs into the wall was cheaply made and broke quickly . The cord and the car charger still seem to work
 This is complete junk.First ; The car charger tip broke off on 2nd use and shorted out my cars electrical system , for the charging ports and other stuff . After looking at the parts dug out of charging port it was obvious the charger internals were assembled wrong , shorted out internally and trashed the components involved.Second ; The USB cord pulled apart at the MP3 player end . Nothing seemed to be sonically welded or glued together . Same for car charger.I have n't used the house charger . I 'm afraid to.Third ; The Vendor insists I return this junk before replacing it . Which would be fine if the additional shipping did n't nearly double the cost of the product .
 Bought this to take overseas for my cousin who had lost her Zune charger . Get all the way there and to our great disappointment the charger DID NOT WORK !!!! UGH . The wall plug works fine but the cable to charge the Zune does not . Do not buy !!!
 If you were going to use this product for the car charger like I was , do not waste your time . I used it and my car started smelling odd . Brand new and out of the package , the charger was overheating and stinking everything .
 The charger does n't work , i 'm using only the USB cable . When I plug it never start to charge , the Zune detects that it 's connected but nothing happens
 I 'm from Asia & purchased this & had someone else deliver it here . Anyway , the 1st time I used this the red light turned on but went out soon after without charging the zune . Tried it again a few days after , it still wo n't charge . So basically I bought a broken charger that did n't work the 1st time I got it ! No way can I return it now from all the way here , LOUSY PRODUCT , DO N'T BUY !
 You get what you pay for . I only used the cord maybe 5 times before the part that connects to the port on my Zune broke .
 I left my original Zune cord at school , and I got reallly excited for having multi-purpose usb wall/car chargers as well as a replacement cord for my zune , but it seems it was too good to be true . I plugged my Zune into my laptop , and at first it connected but would not sync -LRB- not a normal problem for my 30gb Zune with the other cord -RRB- . Hoping I was experiencing a software problem , I uninstalled and reinstalled the Zune software ; when I checked on my Zune after a few hours connected to the computer , however , it would not turn on . I keep it charged with the Zune radio transmitter in my car , so it 's pretty strange that it should go from 100 % to 0 % while connected to a power source -LRB- my laptop -RRB- -- of course I never had this problem with my original cord , and it 's looking like I 'll be waiting until fall to sync my music .
 When this came in the mail , I was excited . My Zune -LRB- 8GB -RRB- was dead and I could n't charge it because I lost my USB charger that came with it . I charged up my Zune immediately and tried to listen to it . When I took it off the charger , it turned off . I tried to turn it back on , both off and on the charger , even did a factory reset , but nothing worked . Two weeks later , my cat stepped on the pad of the Zune , and it turned on . It worked , but just barely . All my music and pictures were gone , and when I pushed a button on the pad , it was all down , instead of the regular vol + vol - track skip track restart . It was all vol - , and it pissed me off . The back button hardly worked , I have to press the lower right corner of the button , which is tough , considering circles have no corners . Two years later , the problem is still here . Buying this was a terrible decision that will cost me roughly $ 200 seeing as my Zune is finally shutting down the functions of certain buttons for random periods of time .
 I 've bought this set a while ago so I thought I would leave my views on how it held up.First , unfortunately I lost the AC adapter so I ca n't say much about it.The Zune cable itself worked but it never set correctly into the base port , I could even insert it upside down if I 'm not careful . I 'd recommend using it with a Zune dock so any risk of damage is reduced.The car adapter was extremely flimsy and fell apart after being left in the glove box when not used.Overall if you need a quick fix and a spare Zune cable it 's not to bad in that regard . But I also say spend the extra money and get something that is built better .
 The picture and description are deceiving . It says that it comes with a car charger and shows it in the picture ; however , it does NOT come with it . It was only a wall charger with a USB cable that plugs into the charger and the computer . I had to buy the car charger separately .
 Bestbuy does n't carry zune accessories anymore and my mom stole my original charger so I need to get a new one . I saw this and read that there were some great reviews about it and it was a bargain ... sigh , the saying is right , you get what you pay for . I just took it out of the package to try it out with my zune because it needs to be charged and I can tell a light needs to turn on when charging . It did n't turn on , I tried it in different outlets . Then I tried the sync cord and connected it to the computer ... would n't even register on the computer . Next I tried the car charger , and that is the only reason why I gave this item 2 stars instead of 1 star . The car charger actually worked though a bit flimsy , it will work in a pinch . The product I got does n't even look like the picture . I would not suggest buying this .
 This product was cheap to buy ... probably because it does not work !! neither cord worked , the red light did not come on the first time i plugged it in .
 Received this item 2 weeks later than promised . Came in pieces needless to say does not work even some parts missing that were apparently broken from plugin.would like replacement and explanation . So far blane as of yet .
 The first shipment came to me completely destroyed - specifically it had been crushed into about a dozen pieces due to crappy packaging . The company said they would send me a replacement at no additional cost . They did . However , the item stopped working after 2 days of use . Just look at the price - this thing is cheap for a reason ... because it is junk . My advice
 Ok , so I bought this piece of junk and what do you know , it did not work . I contacted they seller and they said `` oh sorry , Amazon filled that order , take it up with them '' . Fine , I get that . So I did and good thing Amazon is a great place to get stuff , they sent me a return label and now I am waiting for my refund . I would not recommend this product unless you are the type of person who enjoys getting and sending packages , then something like this adapter is perfect . You can receive and return it till the cows come home and be the envy of your block with so much incoming and outgoing packages .
 This thing fell apart inside my car lighter where it plugs into . I saw a spark , and now I ca n't charge my phone or anything else.So not only was this a waste of the lil ' money I spent , it will also result in car repairs . yay .
 i bought this for my 120gb zune an neither one of them works.so keep yo money .
 Here comes the broken record : What 's in the picture is NOT what is advertised ! Three pieces
 MY wall charger shorted out the same day as I recieved it . The car charger works fine . I guess that 's the trade off for cheap items .
 It is n't a zune product like it shows which would be ok if it had n't fell apart . It Works ok but the part that connects to my zune fell apart exposing the wires .
 I believe this product is cheap for a reason . While the cable itself works for charging my Zune while directly connected to my computer or XBOX getting it to connect to the computer for updates or adding music is a hassle . You need to jiggle the cable around or unplug it a few times before it 's recognized . Another huge issue was the car charger . It does n't work at ALL ! It worked the first two times I plugged it into my car and now it wo n't even charge my Zune at all - even after the Zune dies this car charger wo n't even get it to turn back on even though it says plugged in . Totally worthless piece and this was all I really ordered it for . Now it is only useful for charging through the cable directly into my computer or XBOX . I would n't buy this specific product again .
 Did the basic , but was not happy with the car adapter charger . It is cheap and is almost falling apart .
 So I get the product very excited only to find that it does n't fit the Zune . Sending it back not happy at all . Great price though wrong plug .
 One word - Cheap . The actual items do not look like the picture . Plus , when I first put the one end into my zune it would n't come back out !! I was so nervous ! I had to use pliers to get it out because the one tab on the side would n't push in all the way to release it . After that I have n't had any problems ... but we 'll see .
 In all fairness its not the adapters fault , most video cards do not have a strong enough output to produce 2 signals , so while it may seem like a great idea , it really is n't , I returned it without an argument , and there tech support was aware of the issue . If you want a dual dvi display out put your better off buying a new video card .
 When I first received the splitter , I briefly tried it with my Apple Cinema Display with the MacBook Pro , It worked . I recently bought a ViewSonic display to see how well it work with the splitter . It did n't work at all , although directly connecting the ViewSonic cable worked . Not only that , it no longer worked with just the Cinema display . Nada , nothing . The computer detects the displays , but neither will display a raster scan when connected through the splitter , whether individually or in combination . Each works when individually connected directly . So this item is a loser . Guess I 'm the loser . : - -LRB-
 I used the splitter to send the signil of the dvd player and satilite box to the big screen tv . Forgot to turn off the dvd player off and the next day I could not use the splitter on side that the dvd player was on .
 i wouldnt recommend this splitter if you use a high resolution monitor . i would use a 1680x1050 and little red/greed dots would appear all over my monitor .
 Description did not state what type of DVI this was.I wanted to hook one DVI up to a projector and one up to a CRT monitor , but it seems this splitter only supports DVI-D and both of my cables are DVI-I which you can not plug into DVI-D connection.The CRT only supports DVI-I even if I would get an adapter . So I 'm left with a useless splitter in the end.It would be a good idea to add that this splitter does not support analog cables/connections -LRB- DVI-I , DVI-A and CRT 's for example -RRB- .
 Plugged into the the DVI kport of an ATI FIrepro V4800 card and while it did split the output to two monitors , the display was cloned . The controlling Catalyst software did not recogize two separate monitors . Furthermore , the resolution went down to 640 x 480 which is far below what the optimum of the V4800 . Did n't cost enough to bother with a return .
 This simply does not work . My goal was to share a monitor between my PC and my Mac mini without having to plug and unplug cables all the time . However , when the splitter is connected , the signal is so poor that the monitor can not display it . Run , do not walk to the nearest exit .
 maybe correct splitter but DOES NOT WORK EVEN ON 6 FEET.I have a signal booster on the 50-ft part , but even on6 ft I got no picture and then my computer would notstart after I took it off . I wanted to test it again , but do not think it is a good idea . I not goingto spend $ 50 dollars to buy signal booster for 6 feet.o well I want to keep from taken the two wires , oneto 50ft of video for Nexflix in living with signal booster , and one for the monitor/TV in bedroom . nothing to do .
 Beware this volume control has 11 preset steps . It is not continuously variable . In my opinion it 's a bit expensive for something made in Tiaiwan.PRO
 The sound from this system is very good . It is easy to use and has multiple inputs.However , the annoyances and idiosyncrasies overcome the excellent sound quality.The same base tuner/DVD player is used for the THC4 , THC40 , THC5 , THC50 and THC60 . These comments would apply to all these models.The DVD often looses it 's place , even with the `` Resume '' feature turned on . It does this whenever you turn the unit off or switch to a different input , say your cable-TV or VCR . This is very annoying , especially when I have to repeatedly sit through the endless copyright notices.The on-screen prompts never display which DVD is playing . Minor but yet another example of a poorly thought out design.The `` Universal Remote '' is n't . It will only operate * some * JVC components . For example , it will not operate a two-year JVC TV!No audio out!Headphone usage
 I bought this for my house while deployed in Iraq so my girlfriend could use it . I come home and find out that it has a well known factory defect that simply shuts the machine off when you try to turn it on . The customer service agent told me that I have to pay to get it fixed because I can not find the receipt . THEY SOLD ME A BROKEN UNIT AND REFUSE TO FIX IT!Stay away from JVC .
 I am very disappointed in the quality of sound reproduction , in general . Although the sound from a DVD is more full , the natural TV sound is lacking in bass and rich tones . I 've found that static noise is annoying , and although I 've had to rearrange the method of connecting the speakers to the receiver , the static remains.If I had to do it over again , I would spend the extra money and NOT buy Home Theater in a Box , but separate components .
 This product now is probably not being produced any more , however what I write is probably true of any other JVC product . We purchased this system in 2006 . The USB reader never worked properly , but it did not matter to us . The sound quality was not stellar , but it was perfectly adequate for us . However after a little bit more than 2 years it stopped working
 My head unit just crashed for some unknown reason . No power at all . I even replaced the fuse which did n't work . And by the way the ceramic fuse used by JVC ca n't be found any where . I used a glass fuse . Guess I have to go buy some new system .
 Garbage , junk , turning the receiver/dvd unit into expensive potholder for dining room table . Unit just completely pooped out after only 9 months . JVC would n't assist in repairing , but told me they had an authorized dealer that I could take it to around 100 miles from my home -LRB- ** in another state no less !!! ** -RRB- . Took it to a local Radio Shack who , for a $ 20 fee , would send it off to have a repair company look at it . Estimate for repairs ? $ 185.00 !! No way . Will not ever buy JVC products again .
 This case came with my c550 StreetPilot and while the GPS unit is quite good , the case design is flawed . The case is a neoprene-like material that hold the c550 snugly , with padding on the front side to protect the screen . The back side has a hole that exposes the socket on the back of the unit.Apparently , Garmin engineers thought it would be a good idea to leave the case on the unit when you have it attached to your windshield or other area of your dash . By doing this , the case flops around and the whole setup looks horrible.Yes , I do use the case , but I take the unit out of the case first then place it on the ball mount . A simple cut along one side of the case would allow users to slide it off the unit without removing the unit from the mount.This case was either an afterthought or it 's just a poorly designed product .
 The photograph for this product is incorrect . This is just the protective cover that only goes around the unit itself and is included with your purchase of your street pilot . You need to look at : Garmin Deluxe Carrying Case for StreetPilot and GPSMap 176 -LRB- 010-10231-01 -RRB- systemsInstead ...
 The item in the picture with the carry handles is what I thought I was getting . What I received is a padded cover that I already had -LRB- it came with the C550 unit -RRB- . I called Amazon and they said they would send the correct carry case - they were going to send the same item again . I talked to two different people in Customer Service and sent two emails . I was told if I was sent the wrong item twice , they would check into it . I told them to cancel the replacement and give me a refund . I do n't want to do two returns . Normally everything is perfect with Amazon but unfortunately not in this case .
 I have the Nova 2 which is identical to this but smaller . The bag itself is okay . I can fit an SLR body plus 3 lenses and small accessories . It is not waterproof but it comes with a plastic cover which can be used to keep rain out . However , none of that matters when there is a seriously weak link . During my first trip with this bag , the clasp that connects the bag to the shoulder strap came undone twice within 3 days , dropping the bag to the ground and damaging some of my lenses . I examined the strap to see what the problem was and apparently it is a design flaw rather than a defect . The 2 clasps at the end of the strap that connect it to the bag are narrow and made of plastic . They can easily be twisted out of alignment , making an opening through which the connecting rings on the bag can fall through . I did not overload the bag , abuse it or misuse it , yet it failed to do what it is supposed to do
 This has terrible motion blur in fast-moving scenes -LRB- or even medium-speed scenes -RRB- , due to its high 12ms pixel response time . It is also very difficult to see detail in low-lit scenes , due to its 800:1 contrast ratio . In dark scenes , distinguishing what is going on is impossible . This TV was a huge disappointment . After doing much research , I have learned that you need 8ms or lower pixel response time to avoid motion blur on LCDs and contrast ratio at least 10,000:1 -LRB- recommended -RRB- . Try to look for those two features -LRB- among others -RRB- when choosing an HDTV . This particular Sharp model is very basic . You could find better quality for your money with a different HDTV .
 I bought this model in Sept. 2006 and within 18 months it started to fail upon power up . After several tries it would finally become functional . The screen posts a `` please wait '' message . Now , after a little over 27 months it is permantly in-operable . The same message is on the screen . While this tv has a nice screen , good resolution , etc. it is worthless when it wo n't come on . Poor reliability !!
 I bought a sharp lcd tv from j & r in new york last Jan , after a year and half , when powering on the tv , sometimes works , sometimes not . after unplug in , wait for a while and plug back , worked for a couple months . Send it to service center to checkup , was told that the lcd control board needs to be replaced . when request to get back the replaced lcd control board , was told that sharp does not give back the replaced board , it has to be shipped back , otherwise , you have to pay additional fee to get back the replaced board . . it 's rather strange to hear such a lousy policy from any vendor . . But , if you do want to get a sharp , better get a long long warranty . .
 We have used Brother lasers for years in my business and enjoy Amazon 's service and price on toner replacement . Well they -LRB- Amazon -RRB- no longer sell the TN-460 toner cartridge so we took a chance and bought this replacement after always buying OEM toner . Big mistake . Makes horrible clicking noises when printing , print quality is barely adequate . I guess it is time to replace the printers if we can not get Brother OEM toner as this is no replacement .
 We have these phones . Now I am looking for something else . At least every other week it will cut off a caller when you try to answer the phone . It displays `` searching for base . '' It does n't matter if it was in the base to start with or even if you put it back !
 The phone works well , looks great . But the keypad wears out in about a year or so of normal home use . Pathetic . I have bought numerous additional handsets to replace the worn out ones , but now they are so expensive it makes more sense to bite the bullet and go get an entirely new system . I would not buy vtech again .
 We bought the main 2431 with 2 add ' l handsets . ALL the phones , when the battery is low it goes `` Beep beep beep '' as a warning and then dies !!! By the time we search for another one the call has been disconnected . I have another VTech phone that 's not near as expensive and it warns when battery is low and gives you 3 minutes or so to change the battery .
 I purchased the 40-2421 base unit and an additional 2420 hand unit -LRB- for 2 hand units total -RRB- , and the phone does indeed come with all of the functionality I wanted , but the constant relatively loud statis hiss makes the phone virtually unusable.I have contacted vtech technical support , and hope the problem can easily be resolved , but be forwarned , while some people have not experienced the static problem , it does occur , so be prepared to deal with support or to return the phone .
 I purchased the Vtech 2421 as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend . It worked for 3 days and then stopped . She then let it charge for 24 hours before attempting to use it again and when she tried , it was so overheated the handset just about burned her hand ! I returned the product . Only wish there was a 0-star rating .
 I could n't wait to get this phone when it first came out . The message light does n't work , it tends to search for the base , the speaker phone is n't that great and there is also a constant buzzing .
 Do not purchase this phone system unless you enjoy the sound of `` white noise '' during telephone conversations . There is a constant hissing noise from the ear piece whenever the phone is being used ... Please take heed to similiar reviews on this phone and save yourself the hassle and expense of having to return it !
 Amazon.com has been very helpful with my purchase . First purchase I got was not in a box or package , just loose in a mailing envelope . I thought it looked as if it was an old one , someone might of had on hand , and it was sent to me . I needed it very bad , so I accepted it . The balance of my order never showed up , so had to be reordered , then I got the wrong item , but Amazon made it good for me . So the third time of trying to get my ink cartridge , I got one from some individual that had cut off the top of the package and it had a Goodwill sale sticker on it for $ 1.99 , so I do n't know if it is really old and may be dried up or what . Also , when you pay close to $ 20.00 or better , it is kind of funny when you get it and know the person probably got it for $ 1.99 at Goodwill and sent it to me . I am just not sure how Amazon.com works , I thought I was getting stuff from them , but it seems it always comes from some individual . The one said she was a stay at home Mom trying to start a business . ??? A new experience for me .
 I purchased this battery in July 2010 . It worked well when I first received it . However , it 's performance has steadily declined until it is now completely dead in February 2011 . Spend a little extra and get a quality product . Do not purchase this battery .
 FASTMAC has a horrible product and even worse yet customer service and technical support . I had placed an order for a FASTMAC battery and then waited 6 months to actually receive the battery . I have NO idea why I was so patient - perhaps hoping this was better than an actual mac battery . I emailed CS several times and was given the run around - that the battery was `` on the way '' and one day they claimed it was taking so long because they were moving the assembly of this battery back to the US . They claimed the battery was better because it was made in the `` USA . '' Which I had no problem with because I THOUGHT this would be a descent battery ... Instead - 4 months later the battery stopped charging . I emailed technical support who gave me a list of things to try and when I did what they had suggested there was no success . Unfortunately I became so used to using my laptop with the charger connected I waited till exactly 20 days after the 1 year warrantey had expired . Then I had Darlene , `` the all knowing '' at Fast mac offer me 25 % off a new battery and a lecture about how its my fault for waiting and that there was nothing she could do . What a joke !!! I never post reviews but this has been a terrible experience . What a HORRIBLE company and HORRIBLE battery . PLEASE AVOID THIS BATTERY !! I 'm going for the standard Mac battery ... In short ... avoid this battery at all costs !
 I bought this battery directly from Fastmac over nearly four months ago.The first battery would not hold a charge and took forever to recharge . I returned it to Fastmac . They sent me another . Same problem . I returned it , and the sent a third battery . Same problem.I did every bit of troubleshooting I could , even going so far as to take my laptop into Apple . There were no problems with my Macbook Pro 17 '' , and now a new Apple brand battery is now working fine.Fastmac could not identify the problem , and insinuated that I was actually trying to cheat them for some reason -LRB- huh !? -RRB- . After weeks of back-and-forth , they finally issued a refund -- minus a 20 % restocking fee.Buyer beware . I am not the type who ever posts reviews , but my experience with this product was frustrating to say the least . I recommend you avoid Fastmac .
 This product worked for less than two weeks and then quit . I emailed for advice no response ... . I sent it back on June 26 , 2010 for a refund ... I received , no confirmation that it was received ... will not buy another product this way again ...
 I have the MacBook Pro version of this product and have had nothing but trouble with it . It lasts no longer than the standard Apple battery -LRB- actually often considerably less -RRB- and shuts down the machine without warning , even when it indicates an hour or more of run time left . I would avoid this product and stick with the batteries from Apple .
 The earphones for this were really bad - the rubber cover kept falling off and I wd have to search for them at least once a day . Then they broke when I accidentally , though lightly , yanked the chord while exercising . So I had to buy new ones . For the price , they should not be so fragile or high maintenance.It is also hard to use while exercising , in large part because the design is mediocre
 010-10618-00 for StreetPilot c310 c320 c330 c340.010-10747-04 for StreetPilot c510 c530 c550 c580.010-10723-00 for StreetPilot i2/3/5 and all Nuvi.GPS may charge via USB . It 's slower , but save $ ! : - Deal
 A couple of the reviews here made me hopeful that this might work , even though it was so cheap . I guess there 's a reason why real Canon parts are so much more expensive
 I charged it for at least 12 hours and try it on my cannon but it does n't work . It does n't hold any charge at all , useless .
 First one received did not keep a charge at all they were great about a replacement sent it right to me , the replacement charges but does not keep a charge very long would not order again .
 Battery did not work , had no power , had to return it for a replacement and have not received a replacement yet . Hope they make right . Unsure as of now .
 They sent the correct camera battery but they sent the wrong charger . I still have not received the correct replacement and it has been several weeks . Clearly they did n't check what they were sending out .
 I am really disappointed in this product . Mine came and did n't keep a charge for more than a few days . Then is stopped recharging altogether after six uses over 3 months . A second battery also has the same problems that was ordered and shipped .
 I got this drive with other components as I put together my home PC . The drive worked great for ~ 6 months and then it just died . I could not burn anything but coasters , although it can read anything you put in it.After trying all kind of suggestions , even opening up the drive and do an internal cleaning and lubricating of the mechanisms , it was a no go , so I just got another drive -LRB- different brand -RRB- from a local store . Maybe I got a bad unit .
 This is THE WORST order I 've EVER gotten from Amazon . 50 out of the 200 jewel cases were broken . The item arrived double boxed , so I do n't think that they were damaged during shipping . All I know is that I was shocked when I started taking them out of the box and found broken pieces of clear and black plastic all over the inside of the box . The reason I went with the more expensive Verbatim brand vs. the no name brands was to try to avoid a high rate of broken cases . Clearly , that did not match my experience with this item.I chatted with Amazon and was offered a full refund , plus free UPS pickup/return shipping , which was fine to a certain extent . -LRB- The vendor was FantasyBuy , fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- But they then suggested that I re-order the same item from them directly . After having spent an hour rummaging through all the broken jewel cases to get the 150 good ones , I did not want to pack everything back up and wait for another order to arrive , not knowing if that one would even be any better . So Amazon agreed to give me a 25 % refund for the 25 % broken items . That made the most sense to me , and I was satisfied with the final outcome , even though it should never have had to come to that in the first place .
 I ordered this thinking that it was an ipod nano . goodness , the picture does look like a nano though . BUT !!! it is not an ipod nano , there ARE 1 GB ipod nanos , but i guess i did n't read throughly . umm ... i got this for less than half the price -LRB- about 30 dollars -RRB- and it was worth that price . NOt close to one hundred dollars . ANYWAY !! the playing sound is good , the screen is a little weird and confusing but i got it . OTHER than that this was n't really what i expected , and whenever the batteries run out , Im going to buy the actual Apple brand 1 GB nano . HOpe this helps .
 THIS PRODUCT I NOT WHAT I EXPECTED AND IS BROKEN ALREADY . BUT FOR WHAT IT IS , I WOULD SAY THAT IT WORKS GREAT ALTHOUGH IT SHOULD BE ALOT CHEAPER .
 Looks like an ipod , does n't work like one . Stop fronting like I did and get the real thing .
 The fidelity with the wireless FM modulator is poor . The unit is convenient if you do n't mind a muffled sound -LRB- the high end is very poor or non-existant -RRB- . I switched to the more cumbersome cassette adapter which improved the music quality significantly . Direct connect would be ideal however . The modulator was free with purchase but I got what I paid for .
 This was alright , except the power is so intermittent you have to leave your XM unit on ... not great when the receiver gets so hot . Anyway , when it 's powered off , it 's difficult to get it back on . Wish there was a more reliable way to get Sat . radio to play through a standard GM in-dash CD player ...
 This is used with a Roady XM and it is a fair solution . Of course the best install is to hard wire . Second best is to use the cassette adapter . IN DISTANT THIRD PLACE IS THE DELPHI FM MODULATOR . It is cool that it is a custom accessory to the Roady but on long point to point trips you will be changing the frequency often as fringe stations easily overpower it . But for portability of the Roady between cars where no cassette is available - it will perform at an acceptable level .
 This is my second Sony TV with major and costly repairs , just Google Sony Optical Block problems . What looks like a good deal , and test out well in all the consumer guides and rating organizations is anything but a good deal . It use to be that Sony cathode ray tube TV lasted seemingly forever . Not so with rear projection DLP sets . You will get , maybe 2 years before blue , purple or green bands or distortions will happen . I have had it with anything SONY . So many unhappy current and past SONY owners and yet they will do nothing but stand behind a name , offering people nothing for their loyality . Selling my Sony KDF55E2000 with a brand new DLP bulb installed for the labor to get out of my home . Interested ?
 Class action lawsuits brought up and settled -LRB- some -RRB- due to design and failure of Optical Block in the Wega TVSearch for '' Sony LCD Rear Projection TV Problems '' with the google you will get a good run down on the rather poor long term issues of the 3LCD design.caveat emptor .
 I purchased this tv for 2500 bones and with in a year the tv started demming and noticed splotching of differt blobs of color.Replaced the bulb then it only got worse.Red / pink line on top of screen and blue on the bottom along with color splotching.I never new there was a recall and buy the time I read up on it I called sony and filed a claim and they would not honor the recall.They tried to sell me a new tv for the same price I could of purchased it at best buy or other retailer.And the sad part is the tv they were going to sell me was recalled for catching fire.Not sure why I would buy a new tv I thought recall meant fix or replace?Sony has lost my buisiness .
 Yes , these are wonderful TVs until your optical engine fails and Sony leaves you hanging . When Sony first came out with these TVs , they preached at how reliable they would be -- that they would even outlast CRT televisions . Then , they were forced to eat their words . As mentioned in one of the other reviews here , the Wega is known by Sony to have optical engine problems and there has been a class-action lawsuit against them . They have , on occasion , opened up brief windows where they 've given some deal on a replacement optical engine , rather than repairing the TV at their cost . You will still pay a fortune for the replacement optical engine , and given that it is not an upgraded optical engine , simply a replacement for the defective one , the replacement will ultimately fail just like the original . You will start getting blobs on your screen , the screeen will start to change to another color -LRB- including yellow and green -RRB- and you 'll be stuck with a boat anchor . Generally speaking , new optical engines will last 2-3 years before failing , but given that the units being sold here are used , you 'll have no idea how many hours are on the optical engine . Sony used to be the standard for televisions . I give this review only to spare others the misery of purchasing this unreliable product .
 This is not a good alternative to wall mounting unless you have a very large room and space to spare . Or maybe a small TV where you want to bring it closer . Or maybe you have a neck condition where you need everything you look at to be up really high -LRB- is there such a condition ? I do n't know -RRB- . Be warned that unlike a wall mount , your TV will end up 17 '' -- 18 '' away from the wall -LRB- using the TV 's built-in stand , I was able to get it about 5 '' away -RRB- . The height is only adjustable from `` too high '' to `` ridiculously high . '' At the lowest adjustment , the bottom of my TV was 39 '' above the floor -LRB- this will vary a bit depending on your TV size and where the mounting screws go -RRB- . If you like to watch movies on the couch , this is simply absurd , akin to sitting too close at a movie theater.Also be warned that this is a huge PITA to install . You have to unhook everything in the cabinet below , take all the electronics and the shelves out , the doors off , and the back panel off.The only pros I can give this thing are that it 's very sturdy , probably to the point of overkill for newer plasma TVs -LRB- which are not so heavy like the old ones -RRB- , and it 's nice that you can run cables through the pole.If you have a small room , stay away from this thing .
 This laptop computer has a lot of features for the money . However , after two months of use the ac power adapter quit working . The part replacement time is 2 months ! None of the universal adapters will fit so there is no alternative except to wait for Toshiba to ship the new ac adapter . Toshiba must be having a major problem with this ac adapter since all of the distributors have them on back order . Even a major seller like BestBuy , that sold me the computer , ca n't get the adapters any sooner .
 It beats sitting in a tree with a big bird suit on waiting for birds to come and say hi .
 I am a bit disappointed . I wanted a unit with a short range view but at the same time a little more magnification.It is convenient to carry and hold which is a plus for the device .
 I would not recommend this for a serious hunter , maybe someone walking through the park . Spend the extra money and get something better if you need to see widdlife up close and personal .
 I understand that some shoppers may be on a budget , and cheap Chinese made goods like this are very appealing . But , you would be much better off to save your money and buy a significantly better system , perhaps this YamahaYamaha YHT-280BL Home Theater in a Box -LRB- Black -RRB- Home Theater System . The Yamaha model turned out to be much better built , and I added a cheap DVD player for like $ 45 more . If you 're on a budget , you want your purchases to last a long time , and this Phillips system will not do that . Do a search for this Phillips DVD home theater system and you will see many people complaining about it lasting about a year and failing . I got lucky , mine failed right away so I could just return it and buy something better . The newer versions of this are n't holding up much better either.While it lasted , here is what is was like to use it : Pros
 I ca n't complain about the performance of this system WHILE IT WORKED , but in just over a years time I 'm staring at a screen flawlessly playing my movie , sans sound . Its as though they built a timer in set to expire shortly after the warranty . I 'm sure using it for target practice will do much to soothe my regrets , but only after I have shelled out hard earned dollars for a replacement .
 Our Philips DVD Home Theatre System HTS3450 just lost all its sound . It is really too bad as the DVD player still works , just no sound . We had it for about 2 years . I hate the thought of having to fill a landfill with all this plastic just because a company ca n't make a lasting product . I will be looking for a better made system to replace this one . Save your money and the environment and find a better made product .
 I was very anxious to buy this turntable as I have longed to return to the more inspiring sounds of vinyl . Something about an LP spinning on the platter better replicates the audible excitment of a live performance . And there is something really neat about a spinning disc on a turntable . The turntable is the shrine and flipping or switching an LP is the ritual . It is a primal and ceremonial process . I have a vast inventory of CD 's , and while they do often sound better nowadays due to remastering , they still do n't have the electric sizzle of an LP , even with the crackles , hissing , and cleaning hassles . And , I was willing to pay for a quality product , which this clearly is.The axiom `` Less is more '' comes into play here , however . I was , quite frankly , seduced by the `` 30th Anniversary '' appeal of this particular version of the legendary SL 1200 , as well as by the warm blue lights and brushed steel against the black metal case which come on this edition . And , yes , the thing is indeed great looking and well built.The problem ? The dust cover does not attach at all ! It simply sits on the turntable ! Talking about primitive ! You have to find a place to put it while you 're flipping the vinyl ! -LRB- I have to put it on the floor , and just pray that my young kids or my Mini Schnauzer do n't come along and jump on it ! -RRB- It is a total hassle to do this , and when you put it back on it takes a lot of concentration to align it correctly . Likewise , you have to be careful to not knock the tonearm while it is playing . This is a glaring design defect in my opinion.I called Technics to see if hinges could be obtained . I spent almost 2 hours on the phone and was transferred between various people about a dozen times . I finally got someone who grudgingly investigated the situation . -LRB- I could barely hear the guy ; Panasonic 's phone system needs an upgrade . -RRB- I would need to buy 17 parts -LRB- including an entirely new dustcover , according to him -RRB- to attach the cover to the base . I 'm not sure of the price of all these components , but given what I paid for this expensive unit , I 'm not inclined to shell out more . Then there would be the project of assembling it all , sans instructions.Bottom-line
 I have a pair of turntables that still work in perfect condition for over 7yrs now . . And just recently bought the 1210m5g 's about a little over a year ago ; and already having problems with them . . Now the outside construction is nice , but the inside look like a child put it together . How can panasonic charge an unreasonable price & make a poor quality turntable . . I 'll never buy a technic turntable ever again . I mean over 2grand for a pair of turntables ? That 's why they 're discontinuing their turntable product , because they have well over the sucker ratio . . So I guess the statement is true when they say
 This wire cover looks good but , way over priced . I returned mine and just put the wires in the wall , cost < $ 5.00 .
 Toshiba has the worst customer support system I have ever been involved with . I have had to send my computer into their repair depot 4 times for the same problem -LRB- backlight failure -RRB- . They refuse to replace the computer . The last time the hard drive failed and I lost everything I had stored in the computer . They still tell me `` your only option is to have it repaired '' . There are difficulties reaching their helpline . The wait times start at 10 minutes and go up to 30 mins . I 've given up on several occasions . Even when you do get to talk to a technician , they are difficult to understand as English is obviously their second language . Several times I was talking to people in India.I would caution everyone reading this to buy a different make of laptop .
 I used the Amazon information to go by , and one thing that I was specifically looking for was a serial port , as many of the applications I run require a serial port connection . I got the device and was very well pleased with it , however , it had no serial port ! I like the device well enough to give it to my son , but I am disappointed with the product presentation by Amazon . If you have no need for a serial port , it is a lot of machine in a small package , and I liked it a lot other than the one area . I should have done more research on the device at other sources of info .
 Looks like a WHITE cord from the pic , right ? What arrived was black . I guess I only have myself to blame . After all , it did n't actually SAY `` white '' in the ad , so foolish me went by the picture . Thanks so much , Amazon.com !
 Before I bought this cabe , I have been read the review , very say it goods , but when I got it and tried it on into my print and my laptop -LRB- windows 7 , 64 bit -RRB- soon I plug in , it said `` can not found the hardware '' . At first I thought , I 'm going to return , the cost of this cable is $ 2.93 plus shipping $ 2.98 = $ 5.91 . If I return it problobly another $ 3.00 , so I throw away . Before you maksure it compatible .
 For the folks who plan to use this equipment to play CD 's == forget it . Receiver does not have tone control -- bass , treble -RRB- and as a result of this vital feature , all music is flat , dull , colorless , lifeless . Big mistake on my part for not checking tone control feature before purchasing . Urge all to stay away from theatre-on-a-box if you plan to use and enjoy as a CD player . Strongly recommend you purchase components individually using an A/V receiver . Passing this Sony crap setup to a relative and starting from scratch with A/V receiver , dvd player , and speakers .
 Overall the system is nice
 I LOVE SONY PRODUCTS ... HOWEVER , THIS IS THE WORST . I HAVE HAD MY SYSTEM FOR LESS THAN 3 MONTHS ... AND HAVE HAD TO SEND MY SYSTEM BACK TO SONY 2 TIMES FOR THE SAME PROBLEM . THE SYSTEM HAS A MIND OF ITS OWN AND OFTEN WILL NOT ACCEPT A DVD OR CD . IF IT DOES ACCEPT , IT MAY NOT EJECT IT ! THE MOTOR IN THE CAROSEL CHANGER IS A CONSTANT PROBLEM . THE ODD THING IS THAT I ONLY USE THE SYSTEM MAYBE TWICE A WEEK . IT 'S NOT DISPLAYED IN AN AWKWARD LOCATION . JUST THE WORST -- IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT . IF YOU ARE GOING TO PURCHASE THIS SYSTEM , THINK TWICE ... UNLESS YOU DO N'T MIND FOOTING THE SHIPPING BILL MONTH AFTER MONTH , AND IF YOU DO N'T MIND BEING WITHOUT YOUR SYSTEM MORE OFTEN THAN NOT .
 I 've owned this system since June 2004 . OK for a basic system , but you can do better , even with home-theater-in-a-box . In many ways , I preferred my old 1997 Pioneer 5x100W receiver & 1999 Pioneer DVD player.PRO 'S - very stylish looking - great sound clarity for this level system - appreciate the color-coded speaker connectionsCON 'S - it 's reasonably loud , but i just do n't feel the raw power . my friend has a $ 2000 Denon system that has the same clarity , but shakes you to the bone ! more comparably , i have a 1997 Pioneer system w / 100W per channel -LRB- same as DAV-FC8 -RRB- , but feels more powerful , albeit way less refined . - occasionally , dvd will start-up with no sound . a power-off/power-on sequence usually fixes this - surround sound seems weak - my LR surround speaker has become very staticy . sony does n't sell a replacement part , so they want $ 130 to repair . - Discs take a long time to change/load . Making this worse , the DVD player does n't resume a disc from where you left off after turning the system off/on . - You ca n't save separate Sound Field 's for each Function -LRB- Video-In , Tuner , DVD , etc. -RRB- - The front speakers are easily toppled by a small child -LRB- my 9-month old nephew , in this case -RRB-
 This is by far the worst piece of crap I ever purchased . I always loved SONY until now . This DAV-FC8 is far from a dream . It is a nightmare . The sound system actually works fairly well . However , here are the issues I have had , and I do not use the DVD player very often , keep that thought as you read this list :1 . When turning the unit off , after it has been on for a while , I get a message on the unit that reads , `` Standby '' which blinks for about 30 seconds , then the unit goes off . I checked the troubleshooting section in the manual -- which is a joke -- and it pointed me to wiring . I checked and checked the wiring which I found was perfect . It is n't a wiring problem .2 . When playing a DVD , every single time I play one , it freezes up , and I lose remote control of DVD features only . I can adjust everything else on it , but DVD controls , go figure .3 . I have come to the conclusion it is a weak component in the unit , due to a cheap part which overheats . SONY will never admit it , but they screwed up in their design and there is no way to fix this problem.Why did I get to this point on heat and a particular component ? Because I have 35 years experience in electronics . I have soldered parts into units . This is a design flaw that will never be solved.DO NOT BUY the NIGHTMARE machine.I noticed in another review that a person recommended buying separate components . I totally agree with this recommendation . Why ? Because if you have a problem with one component , you do not have to replace everything or even get it repaired . You have a better investment if you buy separate components . Spend the extra money up front , it is definitely worth it .
 Within a year of owning this system we were having disk read errors , getting the common ` standby ' message , having intermittant shut down , etc. . . This thing is SLOW ! Slow loading disks , slow playing disks , and ultra slow changing disks . Basically the reciever is a complete piece of overheating junk.The sound however , is good ... when it works.This is the worst product/thing I have EVER purchased in my life . I can not express enough how much I hate having ever bought this thing , OR warn you enough not to make the same WAAAAAAAY overpriced mistake . FYI , Im using a computer surround sound on my TV now because I finally ripped the reciever outa the wall and smashed it ... and the computer surround is just as good for $ 125 .
 I 've owned this Dream System for 3 years , and have had continuous troubles with it . First malfunction was when the unit 's disc eject mechanism broke . Second malfunction was when the unit started to experience startup troubles and would repeatedly cycle through its power-on/power-off sequence . The latest malfunction involves an annoying high-pitched whine emitting from the speakers when the unit is playing in Video 1 or Video 2 mode . Unlike other owners who experienced this problem , I am not willing to open the casing and poke around at the unit 's innards . I 'm just fed up with this system and would discourage any prospective buyer from considering this unit or any future models branded Sony Dream System .
 These are hard to focus -- there is no center-focus wheel . Overall NOT a good buy .
 I never received this item . The seller claimed to have shipped it and charged my credit card . But a few days later I received notice that the item was unavailable . The money was refunded to my credit card , but the incident make it clear that the claim to charge your card only when the item is shipped is not always faithfully observed .
 Less than two months and half of them are in the trash . My old tapes are doing bettereven in the same machine
 I found this tripod in an old box , apparently from my early film SLR days of 15 years ago . It 's all plastic . It wobbles . The head is difficult to adjust and is never level . It finally fell over , and the head snapped right off . I shed a single tear , then tossed it in the dumpster .
 Bought the telescope for my grandkids . Scope is a piece of junk . Cant be operated by a ten year old cause the tolerances are not good enough to keep the scope on it 's target .
 Do n't buy from emprex , I use their product for 2 days and then it 's broken . Try to contact them but never got any return . You 're just throwing your money away for this product
 This a sleek beautiful TV , with some of the best speakers on the market . Too bad these TV 's are plagued with problems . Dell has placed a recall on these Items as the power supply has a tendency to go bad . In addition they have a tendency to develop screen problems . Probably the worst part about these Tv 's is that only Dell can work on them . Meaning that if Dell does n't have a sales receipt on file then you are out of luck.Avoid these TV 's .
 Product was great while it lasted . Tuner went out in 6 months and the repair cost was more than what I paid for the tv , so I told the shop to just keep it .
 This TV has great sound and a beautiful picture ... when it works . The TV will not turn on anymore and it is only 4 years old . I am not the only one with this problem , there are thousands . The TV should have been recalled for quality issues . Dell will not replace past 3 years . The TV originally costed $ 1,200 . Now I am stuck with an expensive paperweight . The quality of the TV is garbage . I will never buy anything from Dell after this terrible experience .
 I recieved for Christmas a gift of the GPX DV7500 -LRB- I know that this is the DV7000 -RRB- ; however there was not a listing for the DV7500 and I am compelled to let discerning shoppers know what they will get when they buy GPX product . I hooked up the theater system in Janurary and well enjoyed it for the most part . I have read other reviews where they talked about the DVD automatically going to subtitles when left in the player . This does happen . There are times when the remote seemed not to function and then it would . I did notice that at times it acted as if the player was having difficulty reading a disc in a spot even on brand new DVD 's . These were minor problems to me . The major problem occured when I went to watch a DVD three nights ago and zap the power failed . I checked the power source and nothing was wrong or out of the ordinary . I became frustrated and discussed the matter with the person that had given me the DV7500 . I found out where it had been purchased and called them . They told me that it was something that I would have to take up with GPX and I should consult the manual for a number . So , I did just that ; only to find that the number in question was a long distance number . I was not about to pay for a call to a company that in my opinion is selling cheaply manufactured product . Then I thought about going online ; seeing if they had a website . Luckily , they were not hidding completely and so I emaied them . I was then informed that I would have to send to them at my expense this broken product that was no longer under warrenty . They also said that I should check around and see if I could obtain a free estimate on fixing the player . Basically saying that it was my problem , but that if I wanted to talk to someone about an exchange I would have to call the long distance phone number . This came to no suprise to me that they are hidding behind this number and not standing up for their product . They know that they are making equipment that works for only 6 months . I did not even have this player for a full year . That is the most alarming thing about this whole event ; that I did not even get a full year out of something that should have lasted longer . I think that in the area of consumer concern ; I found that the people at GPX have none . I have only had two VHS players in the space of 20 years -LRB- the one I currently use is only 5 years old -RRB- now they were well built . So the moral to this story is stay as far away from any GPX product ; because even though the price seems to be right you will get what you pay for -LRB- cheaply manufactured product that will not last you long -RRB- .
 I have this DVD player . I have used it almost every day and it does not work anymore . I have had it for a little over a year . If you want a DVD player that lasts do not buy this one .
 I bought this DVD player thinking `` Wow . Brand name player at a really good price . '' Then I got home and used it . Some DVD 's played with no problem . But it was more likely that I would see 1 second freezes in the video -LRB- not the audio -RRB- and sometimes you would get horribly distorted images . Definitely would recommend not buying until GE can get their act together and test their products before selling them .
 I have had this player for about two weeks now - I am extremely disappointed with the performance . The first night that we used the player , about two hours into play I experienced numerous frame freezes , which interrupted not only my video , but also the audio . I thought it might be the DVD until I tried a second DVD and had the same problem . I truly expected more from General Electric in quality and performance . I would not recommend the purchase of this player to anyone .
 Yes , it does glitch a little.Yes , the price is right.No , it wo n't last forever . I just got The Godfather DVD Collection , and after 1 hour play on EACH disc , the player froze . Strange , since the discs work just fine in my iBook.The problem is that now I ca n't watch any of my movies , it glitches more than it used to , and on most of my discs it freezes.I guess I 'll have to spend a little more , but get a first quality SONY or Panasonic Player ... . maybe a PIONEER .
 This DVD Player is a piece of junk . The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because I can get about two hours of good viewing time PER DAY before the thing overheats and skips and freezes to the point where it spits out the disk and says that it can not read it . This is a very poorly designed machine . There are NO airvents anywhere on the machine . No heat can escape , which leads to overheating , which causes it to skip like crazy . I used to be very fond of GE . Now I 'm not so sure . Reading over the reviews has assured me that this is not an isolated incident . DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE !
 I got this player as a Christmas gift and it was running fine on some of my movies but it would freeze on others . Finally , it quit after running Monsters Inc. . Now none of my movies play and getting decent customer service form Thomson is a joke . I still do n't have the answers I need and all they want is a credit card # for a replacement with no guarantees of this not happening again . Do yourself a favor and do n't bother with this player .
 I 've had my GE1106P for 9 months at which time it completely stopped working . The full warranty is only 90 days so to replace the machine -LRB- only parts are under warranty at this time -RRB- it will cost $ 90 which is almost 65 % of a new machine . ...
 This radio set gets the job done for what I needed it for , I mainly use this for MTB and skiing to get contact with the folks I 'm with . The 20 mile range is misleading as its only good if there 's nothing between you and the other person , trees , cars and inside abuilding can distort the radio 's abiliy to receive/transmit . I still use this set -LRB- 2 yrs -RRB- up to this day , had to replace the rechargeable batteries within a year . Not recommended for long range use .
 I had to have a flash literally 1 inch away from this stupid thing to make it actually work . Totally useless !!!
 I got a GPX CD player for Christmas and it broke the 2nd time I used . TARGET would n't exchange it becuase I did n't have a receipt -LRB- It was a dang Christmas present ! -RRB- I called GPX and they wanted me to ship the player back to them which cost $ 10 and mail them a check for $ 15 . So it would cost me another $ 25 to replace it . GPX makes lousy products . You would have to be a FOOL to buy this product .
 When I first got the DVD Player for Chirstmas 2 years ago , I was amazed by the clarity of the picture . Then a year later , the player went bad , first stopped reading one dvd disc , then a few , now all . The player used to play those dvds but now can not get a picture from the player . The DVDs could play easily in my PANASONIC DVD-LV750 PORTABLE much better than the GPX product . A portable simply did better than this product , that is no excuse . Simply , the product went bad just like many cheap , off-brand items do .
 I 've watched a few videos with this just fine , but have n't had it that long and am not a heavy dvd user . Today it suddenly decided that all disks are bad disks and it wo n't play anything . This is a total piece of junk , it 's only merit is that the cost is low enough to minimize your loss . But now I have a couple rented movies I wanted to watch and I wo n't be able to until I go out and buy another player . Avoid GPX .
 I bought this camera a month ago , I purchased the 800mA power supply it called for . The night vision does not work . Contaced VideoSecu , they said I needed to purchase a 1000 to 2000mA from them , because `` the quality of the power supplies on the market is not the same '' . Will not purchase anything from this company again .
 I received the battery , it did not test , did not work I tried to test the battery , bought the same battery from a different source , and the customer is now satisfied.I would like to return the battery.I am very disappointed I will not buy from this source again . . I GAVE THE PROCUCT A ONE STAR REVIEW , WONDER WHY IT SHOWED AS A FOUR STAR ?????????
 I bought the $ 20 phone card and am dissatisfied . Because only payphones were available , the toll-free access number had to be used . Using the toll-free access to a local land line to leave an answering machine message of less than 2 minutes -LRB- probably closer to 1 minute -RRB- caused the phone card to drop from 6 hours to 4 hours and 45 minutes . That 's ridiculous . It should not cost 1 hour and 15 minutes to leave a message on an answering machine.I would not buy this card again nor would I recommend this card to anyone else . I am very disappointed in this product .
 I ordered two of these packs on the same day , same order . I needed 1 day shipping , they are double billing me on them . Amazon is charging shipping on both packs of these , even though they are being sent from the same location.If you do n't need it right away , do n't worry about it . But , if you need in a day or two ... Be prepared to pay double the cost .
 Skylink 's GT-100 slowly but steadily failed in less than 18 months . It sporadically would `` freeze up '' and not do it 's job , not even responding to the physical button press-much less the autoclose function it is designed for . There was no way to tell when it was on the fritz , negating the peace of mind I purchased it for.Response from Skylink was equally disappointing . After an initially encouraging contact that promised a replacement if I first tried reprogram the sensor , further communication was met with canned email responses that did not answer my questions.It should also be noted that this system is wireless , so there is an ugly wire antenna that protrudes from the button unit -LRB- not shown in the picture ! -RRB- and the sensor unit is BATTERY powered , another point of failure . Do n't bother with Skylink or the GT-100 , I wish that I had not .
 This thing is junk.First , all of the ads for this product say that you do not need an AC hookup to use this unit , when in fact , if you have certain types of opener or use certain types of installation , you need the `` optional '' AC adapter , and a convenient outlet . Second , the transmit power on the sensor unit is so weak that it will not make the trip to the button unit unless there is a CLEAR and DIRECT line of sight . How often are you going to have that when the sensor is at floor level and there are cars in the garage ? Bottom line
 This device is a great idea . It replaces your normal garage door button , or can be used in conjunction with it -LRB- which might be nice if you want another control on the other side of the garage -RRB- . The door open sensor is small and unobtrusive , and the entire system takes minutes to install.So why only 2 stars?First , the device has three buttons
 I bought the GT-100A door closer along with the open/close status monitor in December of 2009 . I installed it myself and everything was great until January 2011 when the door stopped closing automatically . It seems the timer has failed a month after the warranty ran out . Poor quality product in my opinion . The documentation is not very clear on how to troubleshoot this issue so I unplugged power to the garage door closer and started from scratch to confirm that the unit has experienced a failure .
 10-minute install , decent instructions . Works most of the time , but occasionally the door sensor will not be triggered by an open door . My main complaint is that when the door is opened using an external keypad -LRB- radio frequency -RRB- , the sensor is not triggered till the door closes and then the door will open 15 minutes after IT IS CLOSED ! This completely defeats the purpose of the timer . Almost a good product but it has a critical flaw !
 After mounting both pieces , one on the door , the other on wall , I attempted to program the unit with the three position switch . This switch is supposed to allow the user to select one of three times for the door to close . The switch has no effect on the time what so ever , the unit closes the door after 2 minutes . An email to the company has gone without response .
 I purchased this auto closer as well as their household alert motion detection system ... both are junk ! They both worked great for 2 months and now they do just the opposite of what I purchased them for . The auto closer now opens the garage randomly on its own ! I have came home to my door open . I have also witnessed it randomly open up when nothing was pressed . I would press the button to close it ... it would close and then right away open back up after doing its count down beeps . I close it from the wall or my in car remote ... same issue , it closes then opens right back up and starts beeping again . I do not trust this set up !!! The motion household alert system ... goes off randomly . alerts me at 3am when im sleeping of a motion alarm , only to find out its coming from a sensor I dont even have connected . I have 2 motion sensors and the unit has 4 leds/alarms ... 1 for each sensor and then in my case 2 additional slots open which are not filled . Why would slot 3 go off when nothing is connected to it . It to is JUNK ! I would not purchase either of these items . They were both great when they worked but it seems im not the only one having issues with items from Sky Link .
 I have a two door garage and purchased two GT-100A units . The installation was n't bad , except for the flimsy design of the wire set screws , they would n't tighten sufficiently to hold the wires securely.But the biggest problem was that the single-wide door would open by itself . Now the purpose of these systems is security , and this one does just the opposite . I finally tossed this GT-100A unit and went back to the old button . Then about a month ago , when I was getting ready to leave for work , the double-wide door opened by itself ; this was a first . I left a message at a neighbor 's house to watch the door for me -LRB- they work from home often -RRB- I was so paranoid.So now I 'm shopping around for another system . It 's scary that you can get this reaction from the same model operating on two doors controlled with the same -LRB- Sears -RRB- model of garage door opener .
 I had high hopes for this ... After installing , it was nothing but trouble . The remote sensor would not communicate to the base everytime . And worst of all , this thing would actually open the garage door a little while after I closed it and left the garage . I got a new one under warranty and it did the same thing.Forget this one !
 I chose this closer because it is the easiest to install and least expensive . It did n't work . After numerous messages with Skylink trying to figure out what is wrong they finally told me it will not work with my Odyssey 1000 Garage Door Opener.This was not mentioned in anything I was able to read in advance and it is not mentioned in the instruction sheet . Because it took a while to get the extra adapter that is required for some doors I am now unable to return it either.I would not recommend this Skylink unless you have a Sears or similar door .
 Like most others found , you have to mount the receiver pretty close to the sensor . I decided to leave the original switch and just mount this one by the door . I actually bought two as I have two doors . I thought they worked great , but eventually one of the sensors went bad and I had to replace . Now the other one has gone bad , at least that 's what I 'm guessing and have decided to buy another brand .
 The center button broke within a month of me installing it . It was easy to install and worked fine until it broke .
 Based on the picture I expected a wider base for this frame to sit by itself . The base is thin and therefore the frame can tip over easily . There is no support on the back of the frame to keep it from tipping over . For the price this product is very cheaply made . I would not waste my money on this item .
 I bought this item from Amazon.com about 4 month ago . Driver is installed easily and works fine . But , speed of data transfer and mouse response is very SLOW !!! Transfer rate is under 1/4 than another USB bluetooth dongle , and I can not enjoy games with bluetooth mouse because mouse can not follow my action and is inaccurate . I think this is not recommendable for expert users .
 I 've got two of these scanners -- one at home , one at my office . I 've increasingly found myself looking for a sledgehammer when trying to use them . Both of them grab clumps of paper , so that I find myself having to feed documents by holding on to all the pages but one , releasing the rest one at a time . Even then , it still tries to feed multiple pages at a time , and/or feeds pages through at an angle so they crinkle and jam . I have to start over multiple times just to get a single file scanned . I 've spoken with company reps who tell me to clean the rollers . It makes no difference . In fact , I found this set of reviews while trying to find an alternative . I 'm glad it works for other folks ; I just wish that mine worked even half as well .
 There is no phone number to call if you are having trouble . Well , there is but you have to pay a monthly fee for ArcSoft 's support . So I had to e-mail them . I did this about two weeks ago and they have yet to respond . Gheldmandare does n't give out a phone number . My computer does not recognize the hardware . I have replaced the cable and USB cord . I have Vista . It should work for Millenium and above . It 's not working .
 Sometimes it does ' work and you have to reboot.Does not work with firefox.Does not work with anything but Internet Explorer.I like Microsofts a lot better but it wont work with 64 bit.Guess I 'm stuck with this generic reader.I wished it work with Microsoft Money .
 This works great . Until a new version of Firefox comes out . Then you need a new Firefox extension to make the fingerprint reader work . Does UPEK provide this for free ? Nope
 Earlier I wrote a positive review for this product , but I am revising it.For basic use on a PC , I give the product 4 stars . The hardware is very nice , but the Protector Suite software is marginal . Also , they charge for even minor updates.For a Mac , I have to give 1 star . They say the reader works on a Mac , but it does n't . It did , more or less , until OS X 10.6 was released . UPEK said they would release an updated version for that OS , but now -LRB- January 28 , 2010 , long after Snow Leopard 's release -RRB- they still have only a beta that performs minimal functions . I also have used the reader in Windows XP running under Parallels . It works fine for a day or two , then stops recognizing anything except the Protector Suite software itself . Sometimes I can reinstall the software and the reader will work again for a couple of days.I am disappointed in this fingerprint reader .
 I bought this because it said it worked with the Mac ; it had a ` little ' problem about locking you out completely and failing to recognize either a typed password or a fingerprint . I uninstalled it and waited a year ; I saw that they had `` fixed '' this problem around January '09 -LRB- extremely slow response for a killer defect -RRB- . I reinstalled - still more problems and lockups . Maybe I 'll try it again in a year . Do not buy this piece of cr * p , and do not support Eikon - they did n't support me , and they obviously do n't care.I 'm sorry , but a fingerprint-scanner is a mission-critical piece of hardware ; do n't friggin ' release it if it has bugs , or at least set it to fail gracefully and not lock you out of your computer.You want one of these , I 'll mail you mine free - and you 'll think the price was too high!Cam
 I used this device under Mac OS X Tiger , and it worked alright . It was even somewhat integrated with 1Password , a program I depend on heavily . But then the deal with 1Password fell apart -LRB- see Upek 's website for their account of their falling out with Apple -RRB- , and under Snow Leopard , some of the utility dropped away -- certain things quite working . Upek upgraded the Mac software to partially support SL , but it never got beyond the beta stage and was less integrated than it had been under Tiger . There was a glitch that made it impossible to sign on to your Mac . I experienced the problem twice , and had Upek not posted a work around on their website , I would have been really stuck.Now I have upgraded to Lion , and nothing works anymore , not logins , not user account access , nothing . The Protector Suite software still recognizes the finger printer scanner and unlocks itself when I swipe my finger , but there is no system integration . I checked for an upgrade , but there is none and no announcement if they plan to support Lion . If their past upgrade timetable holds for Lion , it will be months before they have a solution . In short , Upek does not effectively support the Mac platform . I have written them a couple of times for tech support and gotten little help , mainly a `` we 're really sorry and were working on it '' sort of note . I suspect that this is a wonderful product for Windows users , but I would not recommend it to Mac users.Update : AuthenTec/Upek is no longer supporting this device . Apple bought AuthenTec in the fall of 2012 , and it is unclear what fate the Eikon fingerprint reader will have . The True Suite 5.0 software is still available , but will not be updated . It does not have the functionality I need , so I have given up using the fingerprint scanner . Ah well !
 Wish I could return it , it 's still in its box . Tried to hook it up once , did n't like it and never used it .
 You people are business noobs . What idiot is going to pay for software that should be included to operate the hardware at optimum performance.I bought from another company that DOES include software.Put that in your pipe and smoke it .
 I was hoping for a product that would increase security as it streamlined my access to various accocunts and websites . That wo n't happen with this product . First of all , it arrives in one of those plastic vaults that requires serious hardware to open . Then ... in a tutorial that includes a practice screen with four fingerprint areas and instructions to swipt the same finger four times ... I was never able to get above three . I 've used plenty of fingerprint readers in the past , and I have never seen such problems . I tried dirty finger , clean finger , damp finger , lotioned finger . Nothing worked . I was never able to produce four scans in a row .
 The statement on the package and on their website says
 If you are a Mac user , you are likely to be very disappointed with this product . The ONLY functionality that the Eikon Digital Privacy Manager provides is eliminating the need to type in your password during log in at system startup or if you have your Mac set to require log in when a screen saver starts , etc.For me , typing the few characters required does not warrant the expense of this item.All other password protection for web sites and other locations are managed already , natively , by OSX 's Keychain.Additionally , if you have certain other USB peripherals attached to your Mac -LRB- notably an Apple USB Modem -RRB- , it will cause the peripheral to `` time out '' when the privacy manager is activated.I purchased this product with the intent of not having to memorize a lot of different passwords or login items . If that is your intent , you will be sadly disappointed .
 i purchased this , and when i took it out of the box it was broken , i called the manufacture , they wanted to to test , retest , retest and test again on different computer , thank god i have 4 computers at my disposal , after i was upset and doing their work -LRB- full troubleshooting -RRB- they did not even offer to fedex a new on when the clearly stated it was factory bad . Told me to goto the retailer , so i called amazon , who refered me to antonline . i went in circled with these fools saying i just want a rma to return and get my monies back . I never got one just wait 2 more days -LRB- i heard that 4 times -RRB- i talked to a supervisor who gave me a rma and am awaiting a refund now in 30 day . This was my first and last ever amazon purchase i will also never buy thru or from antonline and i am also over eikon ! It 's not worth the bother wait til Mac releases their own bio metric reader , this is a joke and a big hassle for nothing and i am still waiting for my monies and had to pay the postage to return the piece of junk ! so i am out 3.10 and several hours of frustration !
 However I 'm using Vista Ultimate 64bit . I know I know but I 'm testing the OS . It says it 's compatible but it runs extremely slow if not at all . Just a note the autorun on the CD provided installs the 32bit version . you have to explore the CD to find the 64bit software . The website only has the drivers and not the software . i reinstalled the software twice but same results . this is on a clean OS install .
 I bought these for a friend who asked me to investigate . I thought if they worked - I would keep them . I purchased a ` pair ' and an additional remote unit for my personal environment.I could NOT make them work unless both parts were powered through the same electrical outlet . I sent them all back and took a hit on return shipping plus a restock charge on the ` single ' unit I bought . I ended up buying something else that worked like a dream for my friend and he still has them . For me ... I 'm still suffering with a bad wireless signal.I should point out that I have an electrical engineering background , and worked with power-line carriers 30 years ago in one of my first jobs . So - for these things to ` stump ' me ... they had to be pretty bad .
 I bought a starter pack of two . They are working alright . Then I bought the 3rd one thinking it should be connecting as easy . But I was wrong . The 3rd unit I bought from Factorydepot simply does not work . No matter what I tried , it can not recognize the existing network . So be careful !
 THE ORDERING AND RECEIPT WENT WELL.I COULD NOI GET THE PRODUCT TO WORK AND HAVE CALLED PANASONIC SUPPORT SEVERAL TIMES WITH ANY RESPONCE . I CURRENTLY HAVE $ 100.00 WORTH OF PANISONIC PRODUCT THAT IS JUST GATHERING DUST.WILLIAM K. SMITH
 It was fine while it worked ; like so many others , for about 24 months . Now it has no picture and only displays the infamous multi-colored vertical stripes.Sony 's answer ? `` There is no known issue . '' Of course there are hundreds of identical reports , complete with photos that could be my set , documented on the web.I have not yet checked , but the repair estimates I read suggest that this sub-two year old TV is now garbage.It 's a crowded marketplace , for us Sony has just eliminated themselves from future consideration.Caveat emptor folks .
 Like others here , I purchased this TV in November 2007 . It was a good TV -LRB- a bit expensive for the size -RRB- until November 2009 . I now have a green vertical line on the left side of the screen . It is there no matter which input I 'm using . I saw the other reviews here and did n't even want to take it for an estimate being afraid of what I might hear . But , I purchased it with my Visa card and they double manufacturer 's warranties . So , I had to take it in ... $ 1093 for a new LCD panel ! What ???? I only paid $ 1200 for it . I would suggest steering clear of this model . I 'll personally be steering clear of Sony from now on . So , let 's just hope the Visa warranty actually pays out . I need to put a call in to Sony also - maybe if enough people complain they 'll put out a recall .
 About 2 years old and experiencing vertical line problem like other customers . First problem with a Sony .
 Was pleased with the television until the screen unit blew out just after barely 2 years of use . Contacted Sony and they do n't think they should make a television that should last more than 2 years . For the price of this unit , I would have expected much more . I will NEVER buy another Sony again , nor would I invest a large amount of money in a television if the industry believes the life span of a television made should be 2 years .
 I bought this TV -LRB- Sony Bravia XBR KDL-32XBR4 32 '' LCD HDTV -RRB- less than 2 years ago , it is broken like the other people , veritical color strips . It was working well even yesterday . After found some many people has the same issue as me , I called the Sony support and then they transfer me to the ` customer relationship support ' , the first guy was very rude and asked me to spend several hundred dollars to get it evaluate and said that is not a known issue . Definitely I will not buy a Sony anyway . At least my friend 's Vuzio bought at the same time but only half price is still working.Sony Bravia XBR KDL-32XBR4 32 '' LCD HDTV
 A great TV while it lasted .2.5 years and my $ 1200.00 TV is now junk.Sony will not fix it , but will give me what amounts to a $ 84.50 discount if a buy another from them.There offer was for me to pay them $ 425.00 Plus tax for a KDLex500 , only after I spend $ 95.00 for a Sony authorized tech to look at my old one and fax a repair cost to them.Yes I spent the $ 95.00 and drove 40 minutes to get Sony what they asked for . -LRB- even their authorized electronic store recommended another brand -RRB- I was convinced they would do right by me . Then they send me their offer . What a joke . Now I 'm out even more money.Fooled me twice Sony and the second time is my fault . I should have known . NEVER AGAIN.RegardsDavid
 Mine made it 25 months of gentle use -LRB- secondary tv -RRB- until getting the vertical lines problem . Does anyone have follow-up on the outcome of the service estimates/results ?
 I have the same problem with colorful vertical lines that block the screen . We have had this tv for ~ 18 mos .
 Same problem as the other 1-star reviewers - bought the 32XBR4 two years ago , set worked this Saturday morning , turned it off for the day , turned it back on in the evening - full screen of vertical pastel pinstripes covered the entire set . Spent an hour on-line with Sony rep , attempted various things to try to reset the screen , only to be told it was an internal problem with the set . Referred us to a repair company in Massachussetts - they asked for $ 99 `` advance deposit '' for the service call before they would even schedule a technician . We 're still awaiting a call from the tech to schedule an appointment for an in-home service check . If the other reviews and pricing for repairs are accurate , we 'll buy a new TV instead , and it probably wo n't be a Sony this time around !
 -LSB- ... -RSB- - - I have been a diehard Sony customer since the 1980s but this is the final straw . Every Sony product has been slightly inferior than the one I have replaced and now this . I have a KDL-32XBR4 that is less than 4 years old and it has the vertical line problem that others have clearly documented . I was once willing to pay the Sony premium because it meant quality products , built to last . That is clearly no longer the case . Goodbye Sony , we 're through .
 Bought the TV in December 2007 . A few days ago the vertical colored lines started appearing . I talked with Sony and they completely ignored me trying to explain what the problem was and that so many other people have had it . She insisted that a technician come out to look at it to find out what was wrong . I also linked her to the page posted that Sony extended the warranty for the 46 inch version of this TV and she stated `` This product does not have a known issue '' . Yeah , right . I then asked her if Sony would reimburse me for any of the repairs and she said not if it was n't under warranty -LRB- the one they provide is only 1 year -RRB- . So after their technician would have looked at it and -LRB- after a $ 90 fee -RRB- , they would have come to the same conclusion I did , that the LCD panel was the problem and that 's one of the most expensive things to replace . So instead I 'm going to spend $ 337 and get a brand new 32 '' Panasonic . At least I 've had good experiences with them in the HDTV market.While the television was working , the picture was quite nice and the television had decent sound . But their terrible attitude and refusal to acknowledge a problem have turned me away from Sony for life .
 I owned this TV for a little more than 3 years , before the LCD panel burned out , rendering it useless -LRB- since the repair would have cost a lot more than a new TV . -RRB- On average , LCD TVs are supposed to last about 100,000 hours . I watched mine maybe 2 hours a day on average , so I 'd estimate that the TV lasted about 2200 hours . Not what I expected from Sony . The faulty LCD panel is a known issue
 Add me to the vertical line list . Two years old and now worthless ... What happened to Sony quality ? I have owned only Sony TV 's in my life time , but that is going to change TODAY . Just cant beleive they will fix the other models with the same problem , but turn their backs to us.This is not going to stop here !
 Like many other current reviewers , our XBR4 just died ... about 2 years to the day we bought it . Multi-colored vertical lines . Have not gotten the service tech out here yet , but I am not encouraged by others ' cost estimates .
 Started out to be a great set -LRB- nice color , great viewing angle , decent picture -RRB- . Then after 18 months it developed vertical stripes and is now unwatchable . Sony warranty expired and they will not recall even though there are many other similar complaints on the web and Amazon . Possibly a series of bad panels . Bad public relations for Sony . My other 32 XBR2 Sony is holding up beautifully . Probably a bad set of panels from mid to late 2007 . Please call Sony and complain if you are getting similar problem .
 we bought this TV last October and we were thrilled with it ... until this October , when a year and a day after we bought it , it broke . SONY was completely unhelpful and is even trying to stick us with an additional bill for a service visit to tell us it was not repairable . I have never written a review before , but wanted others to be aware !
 While watching this tv it made a click sound and went to the vertical lines . 2.5 years use for 1100 $ with from what everyone experiences there is no acknowledgment from Sony - what a scam ! I have a 6 year old Sony 30 inch lcd TV and have had others that were built well and never had an issue . This is another story . Quality - obviously not there and if Sony wo n't recognize the issue and do the right thing they will NEVER see another penny of my business and I will let everyone I know know why .
 About 30 months of use , i have finally been plagued with the multi-colored stripes . The picture quality of the TV is great , but what 's the point if its only going to work for less than 3 years ? Probably not buying a SONY again .
 Sony does not support the information list on 3rd party web sites I am told . But I have the same problem as everyone else white screen with multicolored stripes - I paid good money for Sony quality and got a piece of junk that lasted 2.5 years .
 Same problem as I 've seen on numerous websites . My Tv is shot after 2 years of use because of a bad TCON board . Sony will not own up to it and refuse to help . They have lost a Sony customer who has bought there products for 20 years .
 Same problem with vertical lines . Same response -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- from customer service . Same loss of a potential Sony customer for life . And my family . And any of my friends . Never before has such a big ticket item resulted in such a colossal failure .
 I had this TV for 1 year and 10 months with no problems until a few days ago . My 32 inch XBR4 now is unviewable with colored vertical lines across the entire screen . I only used this TV about 4 to 5 hours a week at the most . I 've done some research online and found that this is a fairly common problem with the Sony lcd sets sold in the latter half of 2007 , however Sony will not acknowledge the issue . Most people experienced this problem just as their sets were reaching 2 years old . I 've contacted Sony about the problem but was basically told that there was nothing they could do for me other than to refer me to a repair shop . The repair shop quoted me $ 800 to repair my $ -LSB- ... -RSB- TV . They said I needed a new panel assembly . I could buy a brand new XBR9 for less than $ 100 more ! I guess my next LCD TV will be a Samsung .
 27 Months and now my tv has started with the vertical lines . I did like it appears everyone else did and searched the web first . Was told through an online resource that the part alone is over $ 600 never mind labor to repair it . Called Sony and was told `` there is no known issue of this type '' for that model . Seriously ??? Just google `` vertical lines 32xbr4 '' and you 'll find all sorts of `` issues '' . Even sent them an email , their response
 I have always spent the extra money for Sony because I thought it was a brand I could depend on . Now my television is junk and they wo n't back their product . The lines , just like everyone else . Never again buy a Sony .
 We purchased the 32 '' Sony XBR4 in July of 2007 , enjoying four years of quality images . At four years and one month , the LCD TV now shows vertical lines , requiring a trip to the local repair shop . The owner will call me after the initial $ 75 diagnostic check . If the panel assembly needs to be replaced , it does not make financial sense to repair it . The set becomes a recycling project.As other reviewers have noted , Sony does not seem to want to acknowledge this reoccurring problem , so you will not get any financial help from Sony . The warranty was a limited , one year coverage.If I replace the TV , it will be a Samsung . No more Sony products in our household!UPDATE 8-31-11 : Local tech confirmed whole panel assembly needs to be replaced . $ 800 + . A few calls to Sony Customer Relations , asking that their Co. cover cost of parts to be shipped to tech shop . I will cover cost of labor . In negotiations ...
 After less than 4 years of ownership , my 32 '' Sony Bravia manufactured in Mexico in May 2007 is useless . Vertical multi-colored lines fill the screen ... panel has gone out in it . I will never buy anything from Sony again due to the way they have left their customers hanging out to dry on a multitude of problems people are having with their tv 's , and I do n't know that I 'll buy another tv -LRB- as flat screens are all that are made now -RRB- until the manufacturers either start standing behind their products or until they can make them last as long as tv 's of yester-year used to .
 My Sony top of the line 32 '' FAILED AFTER LESS THAN 3 YEARS OF NORMAL USE AND THE BEST sONY WILL OFFER IS TO PURCHASE A LOWER QUALITY 32 '' FOR $ 300 . This is for a $ 600 tv while I spent over $ 1200 for the original . The attitude of their Filipino service people is deplorable .
 Our Sony Bravia KDL-32XBR4 is less than three years old . It developed vertical lines all across the screen and there was no picture . I checked on line and found that we are not the only ones with this problem . There are a lot of people who report the same issue and have received NO satisfaction or compensation from Sony for their two and three year old TVs that are no long usable . I called the Sony hotline and inquired if Sony was going to remedy this . The hotline person said that Sony would not be responsible . He suggested that we take it to a Sony-approved repairman . When I spoke with the Sony-approved repairman , he said it would take more money to fix it than buy a new one . I checked with another repairman and he said the same thing . I find this irresponsible particularly with a number of Sony consumers with the same problem , an obvious systemic defect . Sony has lost control over its products . When we went to buy a new TV today , the salesman admitted that Sony had lost its quality control . In fact , I even warned a gentleman in the store who was looking at a Sony TV to not buy it . I plan to put this message on every relevant website on the Internet as a warning to electronics consumer . Bottom line
 I did my homework . Read everything I could get my hands , polled friends and my IT folks before deciding on this model . It was n't too hard , I am -LRB- was -RRB- a HUGE fan of Sony products . I purchased this TV at Best Buy as I got a good deal because of their spring close-outs . First one had a red vertical line of pixels out of the box , back it goes . Only TV left was a floor model . It worked great for about 5 months . Then a rainbow of veritcal lines on a white background , the picture was reduced to a 3 '' vertical band on the left of the screen , back it goes . Now I 'm waiting on the Service Center to see if it is repairable . Frankly , I hope it can not be fixed . Time to try my 2nd choice , SAMSUNG .
 I bought a Sony Wega XBR 36 '' tube TV as soon as it came out ... and then had to return it three -LRB- 3 -RRB- times because of yellow , tea-like stain `` effect '' on top and/or bottom of the screen . PC Richard sales guy thought I was nuts until I brought in a VCR and played back nothing but what was supposed to be bright white screen . It was n't and they replaced it without any further questions asked.I guess I did n't learn my lesson the first time and purchased this 32 '' `` top-of-the-line '' XBR model few days ago . I powered up the unit today and played Bluray version of Norbit via Playstation3 . Right away I noticed `` flashlight '' effects -LRB- four of them -RRB- all over the screen and another defect - clouding in several spots . I could see them clearly with or without my glasses and it 's extremely annoying when watching slow-paced scenes . So much for dynamic 8000:1 contrast ratio . For $ 1200 I expected the best , especially when 32 '' LCD TVs can be had for $ 600 ... and they do n't have these glaring problems.I tried adjusting the settings but both problems are still there . TV is going back to Amazon ASAP and I am getting a Sharp Aquos as a replacement . Needless to say , this is my LAST Sony.I did a quick search and this appears to be a common problem and as many as 70 % of people who purchased xbr3 and xbr4 models have it . Do n't buy Samsung either since that 's what is inside Sony xbrs.Check out AVS Forum to see actual pics of both defects .
 Although the pictures show a mickey mouse style connector on the cord , this is not what it is . It is actually a flat 3 prong style .
 I bought this TV from Walmart in July 2007 for $ 298 . Yesterday it began shutting off after it had been only for only five seconds or so . I called Emerson 's tech . line and the woman with whom I spoke said she did n't know what was wrong , but that she had received other calls from EWL20D6 owners about this problem . I spoke with a local TV repairman and he said it sounded like the internal power supply and may cost $ 150 or so to fix . Naturally , the warranty has expired . I 've owned other TVs for many years before they gave up the ghost - I think 1 1/2 years is quite early for a TV to start needing expensive repairs . Find another model .
 Ordered one and got the wrong item , the usa female plug looked like India female plug , there is no way the us pin from us devices would enter in this female part.Returned the item to Amazon returns center .
 I bought this adapter based on its photo . when I received it it looked very different from the photo in the main page . This is not the adapter I 'm looking for .
 I was disappointed with this purchase because it did not work by itself with the outlets in Bandra , India . Luckily , there was someone else who had the other component needed for this adaptor to work , but make sure you know this is what you need , or look for a comprehensive adapter pack .
 I thought I would get something from US for my next trip to India . . but there it did n't last more than couple of weeks . It just snapped up one day . It is better to get something from India -LRB- both are made in china -RRB- which is much cheaper - INR 20 compared to USD3-4
 I bought this tv from a box store 2 years ago and have had nothing but problems ! Within the first month the tube started going out . It was replaced twice and the entire system has been replaced once by Samsung . Also the remote went out and needed to be replaced . All in all the last samsung product i will purchase .
 DO NOT BUY A SAMSUNG TELEVISION !! I made the mistake of purchasing a Samsung product thinking that Samsung was a reputable company . The television died within the first two years that I owned it . It just plain stopped turning on one day . Samsung has nothing to say but ... we do n't stand by our product after 2 years . And , the `` executive care '' customer service rep that I spoke with was VERY rude . Do n't buy from Samsung if you want a television that is not disposable . They sell products that end up in the trash sooner than they should .
 HDTV is the biggest innovation for television broadcasting since the introduction of color , but the choices for which type of TV set to buy can be intimidating
 The TXT3093 30inch Samsung Slimfit is not all it 's cut out to be . I read the reviews before mine and ordered promptly from another retailer giving my worries the benefit of the doubt , and unfortunately I found this TV to be as flawed as the other models before it . I 'll explain.I got the TV on July 15th and proceeded to unpack it . It 's heavy , but not as heavy as Sony CRT HDTVs . This is a plus . I plugged the TV in and it greeted me with a little melody . This was nice and surprising . As soon as I turned it on , I immediately went into the menus . The interface was really easy to use . The geometry seemed alright , but it would need more testing . In the options , I changed the screen color to blue , and this is where the problems began.First , I noticed discoloration in every single corner of the TV . The top left corner had the most obvious discoloration as it was a bright purple . The other corners consisted of a lighter purple hue , a green hue , and a red hue.Second , I decided to test screen dimensions . 16:9 looked great , 4:3 was symmetrical , but any image in fit-to-screen mode , while great looking , was extremely bowed -LRB- curved -RRB- in the top left corner -LRB- where the purple discoloration was -RRB- . Third , there were several nicks in the screen . About 7 to be exact . While they were n't so noticeable from a distance , on white scenes or closer up , they sort of looked like stuck pixels on a LCD screen . I can understand the bowing and discoloration -LRB- inherent to budget CRT technology -RRB- , but nicks on a tv straight out of the factory ? It 's really quite unacceptable.All in all , I 'm quite underwhelmed . The picture looks great , and there is no motion blur on my PS3 , nor are there any response time issues , but text is virtually unreadable in HD 1080i , especially for HD videogames -LRB- the primary reason I purchased this tv -RRB- . Based on the reviews before mine , I got my hopes up and really thought my experience might be similar to those . Boy was I wrong . I 'll probably end up returning it for a replacement , and if the same issues occur , I 'll go with a different brand altogether .
 We purchased the 3079 model in 2006 . Although we intially loved the set , after a short time , we started experiencing focus problems which became progressively worse . After only one and a half years , the set was rendered inoperable . We were initially falsely advised by Samsung and its authorized dealer , Best Buy , that there was a 1 year warranty on the TV after I described the focus problems . We therefore took the television to a nearby repair shop who -LRB- 1 -RRB- confirmed that the picture tube was bad and -LRB- 2 -RRB- that there was actually a 2 year warranty on this part.After several disconnects and nearly two hours , we were advised by Samsung that there was in fact a 2 year warranty on the picture tube , and that we should take it to the Samsung authorized dealer . We contacted the authorized dealer and confirmed once again that there was a 2 year warranty on the picture tube.Incredulously , after their dealer confirmed the picture tube was bad , Samsung once again attempted to claim there was a 1 year warranty which they ultimately retracted . It turns out that the replacement part is not available and that they are unable to meet their contractual obligations to repair the set . Instead , Samsung offers us a `` special deal '' to purchase a new TV . After some research , I confirmed that I could get the same `` special deal '' on a new set via Ebay . After spending over $ 900 -LRB- price of set plus cost of repair shop evaluations -RRB- and hours of run around , Samsung has repeatedly attempted to avoid its contractual obligations by using deceptive practices . Samsung has repeatedly given us conflicting advice and we have literally been hung up on by customer service representatives simply because we wanted to speak with a supervisor . By the way , `` supervisors '' are never available , instead ask to elevate the issue to `` ECR '' if necessary.For those who are actually happy with this product , you must be of the fortunate few who did not purchase a defective product -LRB- or perhaps the set has not failed yet -RRB- and have not needed to deal with Samsung 's customer service . By the way , the service center has confirmed that ALL of the Slimfit models have had MAJOR problems , including but not limited to problems with the picture tube . If not under warranty , this part would cost nearly $ 300 plus $ 180 labor.As you can see , I would not recommend any of the Samsung Slimfit models and would be reluctant to ever purchase from Samsung again .
 I bought this TV in Feb 2006 . It had bad bowing problems and had to be replaced two weeks after purchase . The replacement TV also had bowing problems and Samsung finally got around to sending me a tech in Feb 2007 to repair it . The tech was from an independent service ctr here in VT and is the tech for Sony and panasonic as well . He told me they regularly saw quality problems with this TV and to stay away from it . Now it is Aug 2007 and out of warranty . The TV has shut off completely and does not turn on . I called Samsung and they told me that since it is out of warranty I am responsible for it . Their customer service is not helpful at all , kept me on hold for hours , and transfered me to different departments . Finally , their customer relations executive told me she was tranferring me to senior management . A week later when I called to follow up , I found she had lied and closed the case . How do they sell a $ 800 TV that is so bad , and follow up with customer service that is dishonest ? I guess this is the last time I will buy a Samsung product.To be fair , the TV has a very good picture , bright and clear , and better than LCDs or plasmas . Bending was my only problem at first . Later of course after a year , the TV started shutting off after 20 min , and finally refused to turn on at all . Period . The guy from Best Buy immeadiately said they saw many people with the same issue , and he recommended a replacement to a Sony to me . He even told me which part was bad with the TV and said Samsung has a systematic issue with this part that they refuse to recall . Before buying a TV , talk confidentially to the Best Buy folk about which TVs they see coming back for reliability issues.The parts and build appear poor , especially the on/off button is cheap plastic . Look around on the web for problem reviews with this TV , and you can see the defect rate is very high . It is a question of economics . Even if they ship 1 defective TV with every 2-3 good TVs , they probably make enough profit to cover repairing the defective one if the customer brings it back in the warranty period . Just bad ethics is all .
 This is one of the cheapest CPU u could fine , with some of the C2D features , lacks on some but there not such important . With this CPU u should not worry in getting good ram , because of its low FSB u can use cheap ram too .
 Do NOT buy this CPU , is worthless , with better options out there u should look at the 4MB of cache CPUs , thats right this is cut-in-half-feats-unvaluable cpu . Stay away from this and wait for AMDs K10 .
 Received the iAudio U2 2 GB MP3 Player with FM Tuner -LRB- Black -RRB- promtly and was excited to use it but there is some issue withplaying different music formats . It is currently ONLY playing mp3format even though it says it plays all formats . I tried reformattingmy music through I-Tunes but nothing has changed . Does it have to dowith installation of their software on my mac ? Or something else ?
 This was my first flash-based MP3 player , which I bought specifically for listening to while running . I carried the player in its manufacturer-supplied `` holster '' zip-tied to a reflective waist belt , often in a zip-loc bag . After about 15 months of use , 2-4 times each week for 30-40 minutes each time , it simply died . Blank LCD screen . Reset button does nothing . My PC does n't even detect it anymore . Now , with the U2 conveniently -LRB- for COWON -RRB- out of warranty , I 'm forced to shop for another player . My impression of this device based on the manufacturer 's website and reviews of similar players is that they are designed to be disposable . I do n't see myself ever spending over $ 50.00 for another MP3 player . If * you * do , the 2 year replacement plan would be of benefit .
 Well , I got the laptop on time from Amazon . Good job by them.Ok , now to Apple . It 's not even 1 month after I bought the thing and they upgraded it . That 's lousy . I heard that upgrading a computer and selling it for the same price without warning is a constant `` feature '' of Macintosh computers . But . . less than a month of use and already there is a memory , wireless , and video upgrade ? That just plain sucks . How about charging more for more ? Hello-If you like losing customers ... Just keep up your current practices . I changed my mind from buying a PC for this Mac ... but I 'll never do that again . Back to PC 's for me . Great policy Apple !!
 Let me qualify this review by making it clear that I am not a Mac user . My only experience with Mac 's is a few mins spent each time I visit Apple store . I am writing this for those thinking of a switch from XP to Mac . I know it will be unpopular with Mac fans but hope it helps you XP users make the right decision.iBook pro 's ,1 . It looks sleek , smooth and sexy . Nothing in PC world is this well designed .2 . No weekly patches coming from Redmond to apply .3 . No anti-virus or anti-spyware needed -LRB- ? -RRB- 4 . Longer battery life than PC laptops but not by much .5 . Ca n't really think of anything else other than the different and coolness factor.Con 's ,1 . Screen , screen , screen . The 14 '' ibook just look awful with Mac OS X 's anti-aliased fonts . XP 's Cleartype seems really really clear in comparison . -LRB- Search for `` Quartz Extreme '' for more details on Apple 's website -RRB- 2 . Need to spend $ 160 + to put in 1GB RAM -LRB- in contrast XP runs similarly fast on just 512MB , about $ 30 expense for an extra 256MB stick -RRB- .3 . All accessories are extremely high priced . How about $ 60 for a mouse ? 4 . No upgrades , everything except RAM slot is very hard to reach . 2 dozen mini-screws before you reach hard disk ! 5 . Need to buy new softwares , I have almost everything needed for XP already .6 . Non-scrolling & single button touchpad .7 . Paying atleast 30 % premium compared to similar hardware with Wintel laptops .8 . Stuck with propreitary things Apple does , no innovation or competetion like in PC world .9 . Need to buy Apple 's extended warranty because very few people can open or repair it . And laptops ca n't be fixed at home unlike desktops .10 . It is heavier than many Wintel laptop with low volt processors like Pentium M. 11 . Lots of softwares and devices just do n't work on Mac . >> What good is a laptop that would give you strain with its tiny fancy fonts ? >> What good is wasting your hard earned money for nothing special ? >> What good is a fancy laptop if it can run only propreitary software from Apple and very little else?In short , do n't fall for that iPod `` halo effect '' that Wall Street analysts are talkin about . The iBook/Powerbook look very good but are no good for most XP users , unlike iPod . XP itself is very stable by now , just needs lots of patches/updates . Do n't waste your time & money on this .
 Have owned for about 2 years . Worked OK for a while . First thing was the rubber band glued to unit started to peel off . Sticky stuff all over , apparently a common problem Garmin knows about and has no solution . Unit gets flaky when zooming in and out , zooms in when zooming out and vice versa . Regularly back up my marks to my PC . During my last attempt the software decided to update . 2 years worth of saved marks and way points gone from device and computer , computer no longer recognizes device . Put original software on different computer still wo n't recognize . Seems like a premium price for a sub par product .
 I love Garmin -LRB- Ihave a Nuvi 350 and it 's GREAT -RRB- , BUT I returned this unit due to a faulty chip that kept switching modes , etc. . When asked if I wanted to exchange for the same , I declined , as the item was not easy to navigate i.e. , user intuitive . I 'm sure that some programmer had fun , however I do n't want to devote the rest of my life trying to use it !
 zero stars since Garmin says my unit is already registered . Software does not install on Windows 7 laptop . already tired sending e-mails to Garmin requesting assistance ; learn to read a map it is cheaper and a lifetime skill .
 If you are not looking to spend much then this product is for you . Keep mind do not expect much from it either . This is a classic example of you pay for what you get . The graphics and detail are so horrible you could not find your way out of a paper bag with this device.I used it twice and returned it without hesitation . This is not the device I was expecting nor wanted . Do n't waste your time and money on this product . If you must have a GPS device then save a bit longer to spend more and get something that is worth buying.To put this in perspective this is like using an old school Nintendo compared to what 's out there today . Hope this helps make your decision .
 I tried very hard to like this unit because it is solidly crafted , it has excellent battery life and it is very portable . Trouble is , if any of your travel involves roads it might be useless . To show roads you need to spend $ 100 on additonal software . Garmin does n't warn you about that up front which is not very fair . Anyway I went to the local upscale camping store and told them that I would buy the $ 100 map card so long as they could put one in a unit there and show me the local street map . The tech there tried that but after 15 minutes he still could n't display the local street map so we gave up . I never bought the map card and I sent back the unit and the snappy bicycle mount I got as gifts.Unless you intend to use the unit in the woods or on the water , forget it . But if you travel like a bear or a fish , or if you hide stuff woods in the woods and want to find it later , it 's perfect for that . For walking & biking I decided to build a small spare external battery for an old car GPS . That cost about 20 bucks for the rechargeable batteries and the connector wire . Surprisingly , that was far far easier to do than what it would have taken to master this unit for walking or bicycling .
 well you can not use it when you walk in the mountains and they are not too steep , however do not use it on a bike its useless it will break
 Good device , but elation turned to disappointment on finding the supporting software was not MAC compatible , and , therefore , the USB interface capability , useless .
 the garmin e-trex legend is a waste of time and a money pit , First the provided CD `` software '' is out of date and useless and this was confirmed by tHier own `` tech support '' , I hung up on two of them as they would not shut up and let me ask a question . the third one admitted that the software , ; trip and waypoint manager , aka ; MAPSOURCE , will not allow you to upload a map at all , was designed in 2007 before the legend ws and is not compatable , He guided me to the free downloads on web site and loaded `` new '' programs , and the MAP INSTALL program , , the map it comes with is not uploadable !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you musy buy every map you want for streets , the only maps in the gps show MAJOR HIGHWAYS , you must buy any other map to show roads other than I-75 I-90 , its going back to the store TODAY !!!!!!!!!!! i BOUGHT IT AS IT HAD EXPANDABLE MEMORY TO ADD YOUR OWN MAPS , nO YOU CAN ADD THIER MAPS AFTER YOU SPEND MORE MONEY AND DEAL WITH VERY UNFRIENDLY SOFTWARE ISSUES , PS ; IF YOU HAVE WINDOWS VISTA 7 , THE PROGRAM WILL NOT WORK EITHER ... . BEWARE .
 I have been trying to unlock the city navigator NT that was purchased with this unit . I have tried everything I know . The web site is terrible and trying to email product support does not work . Buy something else . This is terrible .
 I recently purchased a Garmin Legend HCx for personal use . I have been using the unit with the 100k US maps for several weeks now.The unit , as a piece of hardware , seems to be of average quality . As a navigational device I have found that the unit is of minimal use.The maps are very low resolution and lack necessary features -LRB- such as address entry -RRB- for searching . The accuracy of the maps is poor ; they contain incorrect information and lack information . The desktop software that comes with the DVDs is poorly designed and lacks basic functionality needed for efficient mapping . I have an older version of TOPO software -LRB- designed for Windows 95 ! -RRB- that has better maps and better mapping features.The quality of the mapping software is so poor that I am reluctant to spend ~ $ 100 to upgrade to the 24k maps for this unit - Garmin makes absolutely no guarantee of user satisfaction.The total experience of using the handheld unit , the desktop software , and navigating with the unit is poor . If you are planning on using this unit as a navigational aid , I recommend that you take a map and compass with you . The unit does provide accurate coordinates which you can plot on your map .
 Not what i expected to hard to set upHard to readWas not accuratetried to use it for land markings
 Unlike the eTrex that finally broke after several years use , this new one comes with a `` basemap '' that is for all intents and purposes , useless - nothing but interstates and major roads . Buried in the Amazon advert , there is a warning that optional maps are available , but what caught me is that it DOES ship with MapSource , and MapSource with the older eTrex DID contain detailed maps!I got stuck with having to spend another $ 80 to get the same level of detail that used to come free ...
 it fits nicly to the 30 gig video ipod but keep looking for a better sleeve . the cables are walmart quality , better to spend money on better stuff.a nice inexpensive starter kit til you can afford something better .
 After 2.5 years of light use the main component gave up the ghost - six months after the warranty expired . I would stay away from this one and probably Denon products .
 Maybe there 's a difference in quality , but two other sources have these for $ 3.25 . And shipping can make a difference . Google `` plastic cover slips '' and see what you get .
 Received timely but product was not as advertised . About half of the glass , not plastic as advertised , cover slips were broken . Seller refunded half of purchase price .
 2 weeks after receiving the ibook , the optical drive stopped working . sending it to apple for repairs , they promptly lost my ibook for 2 weeks . on receiving the notebook i had still had problems with the optical drive , but am unwilling to be without my ibook for 2 weeks again . And to be able to use the optical drive , i can not store any cd 's or dvd 's in the drive on putting the notebook to sleep or shutting it down which is time consuming and just silly . Also , on return , the different components of the ibook are not flush anymore and creaks . also one of the rubber `` feet '' on the bottom that the ibook rests on fell off and was lost since it covers a screw which the service dept. would have needed to access.on the positive , i like the os , but in the future am unwilling to pay extra for the supposed superior apple quality and service .
 Look closely at the zoomed in picture ... it is n't a snap , or a fold under , or even a strip of velcro that keeps your belkin cased closed on your belt , it 's a small plastic nub and a little metal circle that doesnt ' quite fit around the nub that keeps this case closed.And let 's just be clear , it 's failing at it 's job.The reason I bought this case was so I could carry my ipod on my belt , but it would just look like a black box on my belt . Now it looks like a black box with an ipod inside with the case flap hanging open , like the the shot provided ... I do n't know who it was at Belkin who thought they 'd replace the snap with a plastic nub , but they made a huge mistake.I have to wonder if they even bother to test these things at all.Deeply Unsatisfied .
 Probably I got a defective one , but was very hard tu lock/unlock , key would n't turn , was frustrating , I purchased it based on other people 's review
 Did not work upon receipt . Not a quality product when compared to &#34; The Club &#34; or Masterlock . I have all 3 types .
 There were no reviews on this and I took a chance because I want to have something on my steering wheel for anti theft purposes . This product is flimsy , very light , very awkward and just feels like a total piece of garbage.If you want a crappy steering wheel lock then I would say buy this . If not , spend a little more and buy the club . I did ' t buy the club because they did n't have any good deals and did not want to pay 80 $ so I paid 30 $ and got two of these.I guess it gives the impression of a locking safety device , but I really feel that it could be broken . I peeled the sticker off so the name of it does not show.I think this company should stick to making electronics .
 I purchased a Kensington International Travel Plug and got a recommendation that the Monster MP OTG400 BK Outlets to go Power Strip was a good purchase to go with the Travel Plug . Based on the fact that the two were recommended together , I purchased the Monster MP Outlets to Go , only to discover when I had received the items that there is NO WAY to plug the Power Strip into the Kensington Travel Plug . This made my purchase of the Power Strip pointless as the whole idea was to be able to plug in multiple items at the same time when traveling internationally . I was very disappointed .
 I bought it expecting a mini-surge protector , but the safety tag says `` This power strip is not a surge protector . '' Something else you should know ; when plugged in , the plug glows obnoxiously bright blue . It 's bright enough to keep me awake . I would not buy it again . I recommend the Belkin one instead , which has surge protection and a much less annoying tiny green light to show that it has power .
 The way most outlets are installed on the wall , the cord sticks to the side , rather unsightly , rather than going straight down -LRB- or up -RRB- . There is no way to lay the cord neatly ; I purchased this to plug my phones on my kitchen counter and the lateral sticking cord looks unsightly ; I consider this a design flaw . Probably the best option would have been to have the plug rotate freely so the cord can be arranged neatly regardless of the position of the plug/outlet/cord -LRB- albeit for a higher price -RRB- .
 Everything is perfect except Electrical Rating is 125VAC 60HZ only !!!! It is clearly stated on the product !!! You are in danger to start a fire if you plug this into 240v !!!
 The power strip is a nice item for travelers but its useless if it ca n't protect your equipment . The most important thing to keep in mind when buying surge protectors is the clamp down voltage and joule ratings . Clamp down voltage should be around 300-400 volts , the lower the better . Joule rating should at least 800 joules or higher , the higher the better . Amazon does not disclose this information on this product & neither does Monster on their website . Be sure to do your homework before buying any type of surge protection .
 I was so excited when I ordered this power strip and got it in time to take on vacation . The main problem is that the cord is TOO SHORT . I expected the cord to expand beyond the 5 inches you see on the surface . When you plug it in the wall , it does n't come anywhere near the table top , so all of your appliances end up on the floor . I 'm planning to return it and look for one with a longer cord .
 I am very unhappy with product . It does not work after 5 months of use and maybe 4 trips .
 I have used Monster brand products before and always had good results , but the first time I plugged 2 items into this strip it blew out . I would not recommend this to anyone !
 We purchased this mini multiple outlet plug set for traveling . It was convenient and functional - but stopped working 2 weeks into our trip.The light comes on , but no one 's home ! Nothing that we plug in receives any power . *** LARichard ***
 Be aware that the configuration of the plug that goes into the wall outlet requires that the cord come off the plug sideways -LRB- to the left when looking at a three prong plug with the ground at the bottom -RRB- . This is probably fine for most people since it will work on duplex wall outlets that have one plug on top of the other . However , for my needs , it did n't work because I have a set of 4 outlets that are side-by-side and I need to use a series of three of these in a row . I used to have an older version with a straight take-off that works but I guess they do n't make it anymore .
 This travel sized power strip seemed to be the perfect solution for hotel rooms that feature one vacant outlet for a pair of travelers who need to charge several devices every night . We purchased this from Amazon and received it just in time for a long trip to Australia . It worked for about 5 trips and then , one by one , the outlets on the power strip went dead until we finally had to throw it away . The small silver colored plastic facades covering the outlets each fell off at some point and this may have caused the outlets to fail , but really they were of such poor quality , that they should never have been part of this product.The other disappointing flaw is in the design of the plug . If your available outlet is located on the left side of a piece of furniture , or other obstacle , you can not fit the plug into place . It is not flexible in this regard . It should feature a rotating master plug or at least a neutral plug that does not require 4 '' of space on one side . For most situations in a hotel room , there is a 50 % chance that you will not be able to use the most desirable outlet in the room.One year later , and I am back searching for a better power strip for travel .
 This is only good to use by itself within USA . The product is clearly marked '' Electrical Rating 125VAC 60HZ '' . For you to be able to safely use this overseas , it has to be plugged to power converter/transformer that has an output of 110-120V . It is risky to plug this directly into 220-240V as it is not rated to handle such voltage . Monster Co. did not even bother to mention this . I will be cautious in buying Monster products in the future as they can be monsterously dangerous .
 I bought this since it looked as though it was designed for international use . Sadly , it is NOT rated for 220v . It would be dangerous to use this in most countries in the world as a result . Uggg ! NOT what I wanted or needed !
 This is a very pretty powerstrip , but the bright blue light can keep you up at night . If you plan to use this hotel rooms , this could be a huge drawback . As it offers no surge protection , the only reason you 'd be buying this is to get an additional outlet.I really ca n't justify taking this device on any of my trips .
 When I read about it , it described it as a converter for US power cords to British outlets . It is purely for American outlets .
 i have a briefcase iwth internal padding & have used it succesfully with my laptop now for 3 years . on my first use with the caselogice however my screen cracked badly . whatever others say , & it is certainly cheaper than many , this is not the best protection available by a long stretch .
 This product was supposed to be new , but when I got it the zipper was already broken . I sent it back in , and when I received my money back they did n't even refund me for the shipping . I will never use this seller again , and I encourage others not to . Very bad service .
 I bought this sub from walmart a few years back to go with my setup . . i always run a pioneer head unit & 6x9s so i figured id try it . This thing kicked substantially less than my old beat up 10 from the 90 's . The sub started smelling like burning wires and blew within the first 2 days of me using it ... mind you i was only using a crappy Lightning Audio amp . Do not buy . Go with a Kicker Comp or a cheaper Soundstream instead for a good affordable sub .
 I purchased this Sony camcorder assuming that it is the best non-digital available . Picture quality is poor . My old VHS full tape Samsung camcorder delivers a much better picture quality . I complained to a Sony authorized center in Michigan , with no hope . I 'm so sad for the non-repeatable moments -LRB- graduation party and two trips -RRB- that I captured using this poor quality camcorder . I wrote an email to Sony 's customer service , and did not receive a response yet.The camera has a sharp LCD , nice features , excellent sound recordingand night shot .
 When I purchased this camera , I thought it was great . I thought that Sony cameras were the best you could buy . I used the camera only a handfull of times , then it would n't accept tapes any longer . I brought it to a certified sony service shop , paid -LSB- amt -RSB- to have it fixed . I used it 2 or 3 times over the next few months , and it now has the same problem and sony wants another -LSB- amt -RSB- to fix it ! STAY AWAY !!!
 Had this camcorder for 2 1/2 years . Used it maybe for about only 20-30 hours worth of tapes.The features were nice , video was nice , easy to use BUT !!!! The tape ejection door is right where your hand holds the camera . The door where you insert and remove the tape started opening by itself , for no reason ? Then , it would jam and get stuck . Now , I ca n't get the darn thing opened to remove my latest tape.seems like other people had the same problem.I am surprised that they have to make such a fancy mechanical door , just something more to go wrong ... . and it did . $ 400 + / - down the drain . Thanks for NOTHING Sony !!!!!!!!
 What is wrong with the door mechanism ??? I have had mine serviced -LRB- and payed for labor -RRB- TWICE for the same problem . two weeks after th second repair it stopped loading the tape again . Everything else still works , but what good is it to not be able to record or view tapes on it . I stoped throwing money at SONY , for this product . Next one I buy will be a different brand .
 This is my FIrst Camcorder and brought it with SONY Brand In MIND.Unfortunately sony could not live up to the expectations in this product.After I purchased it , i might have used it couple of times and it has problem.I thought that i could get it fixed with sony warranty , but the sony service dealer said that it does not cover the Labour as it is out of 90day period needed for applying the warranty towards the repair.I had to pay the repair cost out of my pocket and got it fixed.Then later after 6 months during a trip to DISNEY i had the same problem and could not use this Camera any more from then.i never expected that SONY products would be giving such a horrible performance for the value we pay.BEWARE AND dont go for it . FOr the same price i paid when i purchased , there are much advanced Camcorders in the market now .
 NOTE
 I thought for the price I would give this a try . Could n't get it to read a water depth at all , tried and tried nothing . Finaly I moved into shallower water and it started picking up the bottum but it also was reading fish at all depths all the time . I turned it off and turned on my other fish finder which showed no fish , turned this one on again and it showed fish all over . The water I was fishing in is crystal clear so I do n't know what it was reading . I would n't recomend wasting your money on this , it does n't work at all .
 I bought this product to replace a similar unit of different manufacture . The old unit started making noise through any radio I used , and I finally tossed it . I tried this Monster FM transmitter specifically because the reviews I read about it seemed to point to its quietness and low background noise . On the several radios I played my XM unit output on through this transmitter , all of them emitted a high pitched whine using it . I returned it for a refund . Maybe I just got the lemon out of the bunch ? Other than the whine , it was very simple to use and clear to read .
 I wish I had come across a review like what I am about to write before I purchased this . It is awful sound quality . It did not work at all and I tried every single station I could have used . This sucks .
 I do n't know if there 's something wrong with me or this product but I could n't get it to work properly . I had to crank my radio up all the way to hear anything at all . It did n't sound in stereo either . Maybe I got a lemon , but I would n't recommend this product .
 After three months of reading reviews about FM transmitters in general , I decided to give this item a try . I was n't expecting CD quality , but if it performed at cassette tape or maybe radio quality it would be adequate . Within an hour , I had reached the conclusion that FM transmitters are a dismal option to playing your mp3 player or phone 's music through the car speakers.Reasons :1 -RRB- You have to find a frequency that is clear of ANY broadcasting for it to work at all . The radio dial has a few stations that are listenable , but also has many stations which have static in the background of the programming . This wo n't work .2 -RRB- While driving , different stations come in or fade out making your presets useless unless you drive only within bicycle riding distance and stay there .3 -RRB- You have to keep rescanning , while you 're driving , because your preset signals deteriorate with the fade in/out of stations .4 -RRB- There can be alot of static while listening to your phone 's music . This could be because the transmitter is too weak to reach from your cigarette lighter to the car 's antenna . I had to hang the wire on the turn signal switch to get a better line-of-sight from the FM transmitter to the car antenna which was about 4 feet away.It 's a nice idea but the implementation just is n't there , for FM transmitters in general.Since then , I 've found a more elegant solution that is also affordable . It 's a wire that you plug into the back of your car stereo . You then run the other end of that wire out of the dashboard to wherever you 'd like . This end has a 3.5 mm jack that will serve as the auxilliary input found in all modern car stereo units.There are videos on the net that can show you how to get behind your car stereo . Then , just plug this cable into the back and done . You have an auxilliary input which will let you plug in your music player or phone and play cd quality sound over the car speakers .
 It was dead on arrival , default channel could not be changed and it came with instructions from a completely different model . I downloaded the correct model instructions just to ensure I was selecting the proper sequence of button presses , still nothing . I hoped a Monster product was of better quality since they charge premium prices , even online . If it had worked it still reminded me of a blackmarket knock-off version .
 I bought this to be able to play my Ipod shuffle through my car radio speakers . It works , but the sound quality was not good at all in my KIA Sorrento . In my husband 's newer VW Jetta , the sound was not perfect but much better .
 I live in san diego , and I meticulously searched every station and could n't find one on the entire dial that would work without static .
 I purchased the product a year ago . Eleven months into it , the strange static began . I thought that a radio frequency was the problem -LRB- the LA/OC area is quite crowded -RRB- . I was wrong ; it was the item about to choke/croak . The product does n't have the quality of a CD , so if you 're looking for that , play a CD . It should last more than a year and the warranty , unlike their cabling , is just one year limited.I wo n't purchase this again.For the person who was getting sound from just one speaker , one thing to check for any MP3 player is the cabling . One sure sign that one side of the cabling is n't in the jack all the way is that sound comes from one speaker only . It was possible that your unit was having the problem , but next round , check that first .
 This unit worked well for 3 days , then only powered up intermittently . Even when the power was on , the unit did n't transmit . When it worked , it worked fine -- fairly clear signal with minimal static . But I was very disappointed and returned it after 1 week . Maybe I got a lemon .
 Biggest waste of money I have ever spent , this product didnt work from the moment I took it out of the package , DO NOT BUY !!!!!!
 Received unit a couple of hours ago ... tuned my FM to several unused FM channels . The audio quality on this device is atrocious . Static is the dominant sound on the radio ... on all channels ... and after the cord -LSB- antenna lead -RSB- was tried in several locations.I ca n't believe that anyone rated this unit acceptable . I have lost faith in ALL and I do mean ALL customer ratings.Unless I can see it and try it from now on , I refuse to ever spend good money on this type of junk .
 Right out of the box . . It never worked once . !! . . I sent it back immediately . . !! . . The moral . . Buy a brand name transmitter . . !!
 Bought this to give as a gift . Was a little surprised to find just the unit in a ziplock bag . No instructions , no quick guide , no packing material or warranty card.Just and FYI that from this seller it looks far from `` new `` Since it was already open I tried it to see if it was DOAIt does work just about as well as any other FM transmitter . Static between songs but while playing it sounds fine .
 While this may be one of the better ones , it still did n't work with my Treo 750 . The sound comes out only out of one car speaker . I had to buy an additional plug to convert the 3.5 mm jack into 2.5 mm .
 piece of crap i should have never even tried an fm transmitter but i did and i wish i could have thrown it against the wall
 It was n't absolutely special and a need to have at all . All these things work pretty much the same and basically they really all suck . Radio stations , sound quality coming out of your speakers , it just sucks pretty much . Just go for the gusto and spend the money to have your car -LRB- pre 2007 -RRB- wired for a direct IPOD connection from your local radio/alarm/car electronics installation ladies . How yewww doinn ?
 Hello All , do n't buy this item ... i bought it before two weeks and using it but never got good voice qulaity and even catching signal strength is also no good.i tried it in 5 diffrent state but it 's not working.Ther are may options or better product then this.and same quality product you can ger for $ 3 - $ 4 from other sites.I am truly sugggesting you to not to buy this item.Thanks
 Initially , this was the best FM transmitter I ever owned . My first one lasted 5 years before it stopped working -LRB- though it consumed two AAA batteries every month -RRB- . The other worked fine , but the signal strength was relatively weak , and so there was a lot of background static . This one worked wonderfully . The audio was as clear as you can get with an FM transmitter , and I never had to worry about static.And then , after 3 months of owning it , the connection between the car plug and the transmitter itself basically stopped functioning . If I wiggled the wire around a bit , the transmitter would power up , but only for a few seconds . The only way I could get it to stay on was by putting constant pressure on the part of the wire that touched the transmitter . Even then , it eventually stopped responding even to that . Now it does not function at all.If you are willing to take the risk that the transmitter will work properly for as long as you want it , then this is a great product . But if durability is important , you might want to find a different FM transmitter .
 the review said it woould work with my ipod shuffle . but it DID NOT.got in my truck to use it and was VERY BUMMED OUT !!!
 Does n't really work in a major city . The radio installation company in my neighborhood said if you have a hidden antenna in your car that this device can cause damage to your radio too . Not worth the $ $ play more CD 's ...
 I occasionally used and it worked for 6 months , now it gives sudden statics , tried different channels , but same problem , when I switch channels , sound quality gets better for few moments then same annoying static sound comes back . I bought this item for around 40 bucks and I think its not worth the money .
 This device worked for less than a week , then the power began phasing inexplicably and the device no longer functions .
 did not work at all . do n't buy . i returned and got a discount . would not work with any station . junk
 my music can never play in my car . The radio stations always take over . And its hard to get the monster to change stations .
 everytime the Bass on the music went up the reception got very static . tried almost every station possible but had same result . i bought a $ 12 transmitter from amazon long time ago , it worked alot better than this item .
 Came in 100 % static all the time on every station . Could barely tell what song I was trying to listen to . Needless to say I sent it back the day after I received it . It 's too bad because I 've had one of these before and it worked great for years . This one may have been a dud .
 I bought this because I have a friend that has a similar unit that works well , but this one does n't impress me at all . I very rarely use it because there 's always at least a some static . I have tried numerous stations and even when I find one that seems to be working I have never made it through a whole song without a lot of interference.I will be buying a different transmitter !
 I was very unhappy with this unit . I had considerable problems programming the memory to accept 3 different stations . The sound that did come through was scratchy and distorted . I also had to run the volume on my sony and the car at almost 100 % just to hear it.I contacted the Factory Depot who sent me this product and they allowed me to return it for a refund . They were very courtious and helpfull . With them I give a 5 STAR rating and would buy different products from them .
 2010 - When it worked , it was great . On a hot August day it melted and no longer works . At least it did not start any fires . I would not leave it plugged in if I were you ... I use this with a Sansa Fuze -LRB- and later an IPOD -RRB- . Turns out that the normal channel I set this to is a radio station somewhere South . When plugged in , the RadioPlay over powers the distant station . This thing works and works well . Since it overpowers the station , I leave it where it works and do n't worry about it . I did have to change it that time we drove to Chicago though.Three buttons to assign a station to and any channel . No restrictions on what channel you choose to set the transmitter to.The only thing I can pick about is that the other buttons on the transmitter get pushed when I set something on the control or the wife sits on it .
 It cuts off High frequency range almost completely . I had iRiver FM transmitter for a couple of years until it broke , so i tried this Monster and must say that the transmitting signal is a lot stronger than iRiver and the bass is nice , but ALL , not kidding - all of the treble is gone ! the sound is flat ! I thought i can live with it at first but then it 's so annoying - it is going back where I bought it . And I am placing an order for the iRiver Transmitter . Whoof .
 I was disappointed with the sound when using this device with my Zune 8GB . I only needed to listen for about 10 minutes before deciding it was not for me -LRB- I gave it two different chances -RRB- . The music I played sounded a bit `` muffled '' to me -- a little like I was listening to AM radio . I am not an audiophile , but I am an amateur musician -- and I do listen carefully . I want to listen carefully . I found the music frustrating to listen to . Maybe I am a little spoiled by the better sound results produced using my old cassette adapter . I definitely prefer the sound produced using my cassette adapter . My next car stereo will no doubt have a stereo jack . If the cassette module in my car stereo were to break tomorrow , I would rather pay $ 250 to have a new stereo installed in my car than use this device . Perhaps it 's just a fact that all FM transmitters are `` limited '' . I noticed that MonsterCable did not make any guarantees about sound quality on their packaging . I suppose the device does produce `` stereo sound '' -- but it 's not nearly as nice a sound as FM radio . If you are satisfied with the sound of AM radio -LRB- I enjoy listening to AM radio on occasion -RRB- , then you may be completely satisfied using this device . I hope that someone finds this review helpful .
 I ordered the Monster RadioPlay 300 from CrazyOnDigital . They shipped to me a Monster RadioPlay 250 . When I attempted to contact CrazyOnDigital , they failed to answer my inquiries . This product requires you to constantly change the station to play your IPOD anywhere while driving . This creates a driving hazard and is very inconvenient . Stated simply it does not work . Save yourself some money and a great deal of frustration . Do not purchase this inferior product and do not buyany merchandise from CrazyOnDigital ! They do not provide any customer service and they do not fulfill their orders with the correct merchandise originally ordered .
 Had one of these for a little over a year before the male 3.5 mm plug started showing signs of a loose connection ... and that was pretty much the end of that . After a few trips getting distracted jiggling the confounded wire to get the connection reestablished I gave up and threw the thing out . Not really the value for money I had hoped for , but unless you end up with a lemon like mine , it 's a very decent product that does what it claims to do .
 It 's ok . It works , but not to my liking . It does work better than another much more expensive one I tried , but still to much static . Probably not going to use it .
 Reception in the car radio from this Monster cable was horrible . One station presets were better the others , but it was not worth the $ 20 . Had to keep it still -LRB- kinda hard while driving -RRB- so there would be * less static than usual . Would n't buy again .
 I saw this product thinking it would work pretty well , but it does not . I just got this item in the mail today and took it straight out to my car to try it with my ipod and it does not work . You press play and it does not give out the full sound of the song . The only way you can get the full sound is if you mess with the connection to the ipod , but even then you only get it for a few seconds . I suggest going with any fm transmitter that connects to your ipod via the bottom usb connector , rather than the headphone port , it works much better
 This product sucks hands down ! I 'm trying to sell mine on craigslist as we speak . I 've only had it for almost 3 weeks now and its pretty much garbage . This product makes a hissing sound in the background of most if not all radio stations . I reside in Chicago and it sucked here . Took it on a trip to Boston and New York as well , yup you guessed it , GARBAGE ! Even tried it on a rental car and two other cars . Do n't waste your time people !
 I bought this transmitter so that I could play audio from any device I 'd like to while in my car , mostly music off of my Droid Razr . In buying the Monster brand I was expecting a solid product , but I have n't been fully satisfied . I am able to get decent , though often static laced sound most of the time I use it . Other times I have trouble finding an unobstructed radio station to transmit through and the device is useless . I would try other options before settling on this product .
 piece of junk would not work . second monster product purchased for ipod touch and nano that would not receive a signal or scan up or down very disappointed .
 not recommended , expensive , works same as other cheap ones , and stopped working early dont buy a a a a a
 I figured this product would be good considering monster is a solid company , however , every station that I was able to hear my music -LRB- Zune -RRB- , there was static , even subtle static was enough to make it not worth the money . I got a cheaper Belkin product and it was much better , I found at least one station that gives basically no static . So just get that instead of this for 1/3rd the price . I live near a major city and that may have caused some of the static , but the Belkin gets me almost none so it must be the product .
 I bought this product about 4 months ago . It died . I do n't know what happened . I just went to plug it in one day a couple weeks ago and it would n't even light up . I also feel that the other comments were a little misleading ... it only has 3 stations that it can use and if you live near the city it 's not a great idea . I live in Charlotte and it 's a pain . It 's easy to use but I would n't recommend it . I usually had to try all the stations every time I would travel an hour to three hours away .
 Product did not work as described . It turned on but the sign was so weak that you can barely here any sound . I tried multiple frequencies but no luck . You have to max the volume to hear and the sound quality is very poor .
 I did n't have a nice time using this product . Noisy and cable may get loose over time . Not worth it for the price .
 See my review of the Coby CA-745 transmitter for some background.I purchased this Monster RadioPlay 300 based on the price and overall rating . It arrived broken and used . The wire near the socket connector was positional , meaning that it was broken inside and only worked when the wire was at a specific angle ; the wire dangles and swings when driving , so the transmitter was unusable . Plus , the display and body were both scratched up a lot , so I concluded that the company sent me one that had been returned because it was broken . I assume that the Quality Control program in their shipping/receiving department needs better management . When I contacted the seller , they apologized , refunded my money AND sent me a new one at no cost , so I 'd say their PR department is great!The replacement works , and is adequate , but when I received the Coby transmitter -LRB- which I had ordered right after receiving the first Monster -RRB- , I was blown away at how much better the latter one is , and at a comparable price.So the bottom line is , the company has a QC problem which they can fix , and I wish them the best of luck . Their quick and unsolicited response of refunding my purchase price and sending me a workable replacement is a good sign that they are trying , so kudos to them for their effort . As for the transmitter itself , it 's okay but just not as good as the Coby .
 I should have paid heed to the reviewers who complained about the `` static '' in their evaluations . I found only one station preset with minimal static . I tried programming in other stations with little luck . Also it takes less than a mile or so of travel to get out of range of a station with decent reception which means you now have to fiddle again to find a station setting which works . Ca n't , of course , do this while driving yourself and even as a passenger , I found it frustrating and eventually gave up . So , it 's in my car , unused , and will probably stay that way .
 Unfortunately this item does n't provide flawless quality through the radio . I ca n't seem to find a station that does n't have any static . Not to mention , it 's awkward to use . Unfortunately I stopped using this product after a week , and went back to burning CD 's . Save up your money and buy a head-unit that has an auxillary input jack .
 This worthless piece of flyweight plastic failed to perform at all . It was dead right out of the box . Unfortunately 0 stars is not an option . Do n't waste your money .
 First of all , I got this product 2 weeks later than supposed to , and it is definetly nt what i expected . it doesnt work well , the sound is never clear . I would not recommend this product .
 As my own car radio has an AUX input , I bought this item for the times when I might want mp3 sound in a different car . So far , I have used the item only once , but it was a disappointment . We were driving an older Audi Quattro with a respectable sound system . We were out in a rural area away from big cities so there were some gaps in the frequency band . We tried many different frequencies but were unable to find a setting that would work without distortion . Luckily we had some decent CDs with us . My purchase was motivated mainly by the lower price . I regret I made a poor choice .
 this monster product and most - if you like to listen to your ipod with a little or alot of static in back ground then you will like .
 Based on the many positive reviews , I think I got a bad unit . I could only get sound -LRB- and poor quality sound at that -RRB- out of the left channel . I got a refund and replaced it with an Accurian from Radio Shack , which sounds much better . On the positive side it 's a good-looking product . I 'd recommend purchasing in a store that allows no-hassle returns just in case you get a lemon like I did .
 I was on pins and needles waiting for this to arrive . I upgraded my mp3 player to one that handles FLAC files and was chomping at the bit to listen to my music colletion in the car on my niffty device . After much searching I found that there is no compatible FM transmitter for the player other than the ones with the 3.5 mm headphone jack . Not wanting to shell out $ 50 + for a transmitter I was excited to try this one . As soon as I got it I tested it w / my player and the sounds that came out were horrible . Like everyone else 's experience the volume out put is so low you have to crank the player and the car stereo volumes . On top of that , once I COULD get a decent sound -LRB- after fussing with all the volumes -RRB- it would itermitently cut out and get so staticky that I could n't hear . The best way I can describe it is when a digial signal is completely distorted or is `` clipping '' . Immediately I checked my FLAC files on different sources-all without the funky sound I had with this transmitter just to be sure . Needless to say this is going back . Search is on for something better ... any suggestions ?
 This item is awful . First of all , you can only tune it to one of three stations you have preprogrammed into it . If those three stations are n't giving you a clear signal right then , you have to reprogram one of the stations to the new station you want to use . And there 's no way to know if a a new station will work until you go through all the trouble of reprogramming one of the buttons . Secondly , the audio plug does n't fit into the headphone jack on my phone unless I take off my phone case . The whole reason I bought a transmitter with an audio plug instead of a regular iPhone plug was so that I would n't have to take off my special battery case every time I wanted to play music in my car . Thirdly , the sound comes out of my car speakers REALLY quietly , so I have to turn it way up to hear . This means that I have to remember to turn it down every time I switch to the radio/CD player or even just turn off my car , because otherwise the radio will be blaring . And fourth , every station I tried tuning it to had a ton of static . And it does n't go low enough to tune to the station I always used with my old transmitter . The first station available on this one is like three stations up from the good one that actually worked . I was n't happy with my old transmitter because it frequently popped out of the cigarette lighter while I was driving due to the fact that it is also a holder , but at least the sound was good and it also charged my phone/iPod , which this one does n't do -LRB- I know the product description does n't say it will ; I was just hoping it was an extra unlisted feature since I have n't been able to find a good transmitter/charger that I like that suits my needs . -RRB- Basically , this is a piece of junk for the amount of money you 're paying for it .
 Bought this product to replace an existing one that was eight years old . Previous one died as its cords failed.New one worked great for a while , but started becoming staticky all the time . Is now worthless . After reading reviews on all other brands , I will not bother to waste more of my money . Would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 Ordered this to replace a Griffin transmitter that I have had for years . This one pales in comparison . While I understand that all transmitters have some static when listening through them , this one is worse than I expected . Not only do you have to deal with the poor signal , the volume level of this one is also very poor . There are several songs on my ipod that I literally have to turn up the volume on both the ipod and the radio to even hear . Would not recommend . My Griffin transmitter is falling apart and I still have better sound using it . I guess I 'll use it until it quits completely and then try again .
 I purchased this hoping to get the music downloaded on my iphone to be played in my car . I guess I did not understand that you need to tune your fm radio to a station with minimal noise in order for it to work well . Unfortunately , there were few stations that I could tune to with minimal noise and when I play the music I just hear a lot of static.I definitely do not recommend this product .
 Save your money , this product is n't worth the clamshell packaging it comes in . Hard to navigate stations , AWFUL static audio quality , and the bezel covering the digital display on the front broke off within 7 days . I threw it away and bought a different brand , yes , IT 'S THAT BAD .
 You can barely hear the music over the static . Thought it might just be our car so we tried a couple friends ' cars and it was the same . Total waste of money .
 There is really nothing very good about this product.First of all , the construction is pretty cheap , which is to be expected for under $ 20 , I guess . It 's all plastic and not very well engineered.Second , and by far more important , the sound quality is TERRIBLE ! I 've tried every open FM station on my dial , and while I get better sound quality in the lower range -LRB- 88.1 or so -RRB- , I would still describe the sound quality as `` something you might expect on an old transistor radio during a thunderstorm '' . The bass notes are distorted and buzzy , the treble notes are n't clear , and the vocals sound very screechy most of the time . I 've got an XM receiver that I play through the FM radio on the same car stereo , and the sound quality from that is so much better it 's not even comparable to what I get from this product , so it 's not a problem with the concept in general , or even with my radio . It 's this product.Honestly , I regret buying this , even for the $ 15 that I spent , since the sound quality is so bad I ca n't enjoy the music it plays at all . I 'm going to keep my eyes open for another option , but for now I guess I 'll just stick to burning my music to CDs like the old days ... Oh , for a digital port in my car stereo ...
 I wanted to listen to podcasts on ipod classic . I read reviews before ordering and was hoping to be one of those that found it worked well . Did n't happen for me . There was too much interference once I neared the city and audio became bad -- too much static , like a weak radio station . Since that is my regular commute and the reason for the purchase , using this product just does n't perform well for me . I 've reverted to making cd 's if there 's something I want to listen to on the drive . It 's a pain but the audio is clear , which is important when listening to spoken word .
 It worked for about an hour as adversited . Now it does not I am trying to find out if I can get a refund . Maybe some of you are lucky ... I was not . It was a present for my wife ... About FM transmitters ... I also have on my Tom-Tom GPS -LRB- that one works -RRB- they do no have the fidelity of a direct connection . Or the Best FM stations . If you have a tape player in your car , purchace a sound out through a cassette player the fidelty will be 10 times better off an MP-3 player . Those can be bought for less than ten bucks ... . And it still leaves your power jack free for reharging your phone or MP-3 player ...
 The transmitter has worked well for me , and the quality has been fine , but recently -LRB- after owning it for maybe half a year -RRB- the audio connector became very finicky . It had to be twisted to a certain angle to receive my mp3 player 's audio , and would cut in and out -LRB- or not play at all -RRB- if jiggled or rotated . -LRB- I tried an adapter to see if it was my mp3 player being stubborn , but I can confirm it is the Monster cable that is not working -RRB- . It is now so unusable I decided to throw it away.Otherwise , for when it worked , I had no complaints about it !
 I purchased this item based on the generally positive reviews off Amazon , but found that it did n't work very well at all in my 2003 Carolla . I tried quite a few different station settings - including ones well away from real FM stations to get away from any possible interference . I could never get a setting that produced a decent sound quality.I also tried this in our 2005 Sienna thinking the results might be different - no luck.I tried different devices , including my smartphone -LRB- Droid Eris -RRB- and an iPod Shuffle.Amazon processed the return perfectly , even though I no longer had the original packaging .
 This product is great - gets hold of a station and keeps it . However after a few months , it has started to heat up and quits . After cooling off it starts again and sometimes last for an hour and quits again . Consequently , it is not usable .
 This transmitter worked better than it 's Belkin predecessor but failed were the cord goes into the selector after only a year use . Needs better strain relief at that point .
 Used this with my 80gb Zune . broke within first month of use . Would turn on and off randomly . Sound quality is terrible .
 The first time I plugged it into my car the digital screen already did not work . It would only show some of the lines that make up the numbers so I had no idea what station it was transmitting through . The sound quality was awful . Constant static even on stations that had nothing else coming through to them . This was a waste of $ 27 that I spent on this . I will not buy anything from this manufacture again .
 Horrible product !! Waste of money , do not even waste ur time ! I live in an area with numerous dead channels with other older transmitters working perfectly well ... This one is all static and a complete failure .
 I bought this fm transmitter about 6 months ago and was fairly satisfied . It was a little more expensive than I thought it should be for the basic features it has , but I decided to give it a chance . The sound quality was n't excellent but was well above what you would get from a cheap device , and the signal strength was really good . From what I 've written one would think it would be a 4 star device , and it would be have been had it not shorted out 6 months after I bought it.I take care of my electronics so I know it was n't excessive force or abuse that did it in . Now whenever I try to use it if the move the cable even the slightest bit the left speaker cuts out , very frustrating .
 I bought this pretty much because of the Monster name . It had static everywhere on every station . I live in an area with plenty of free stations . Refund !
 I bought this really cheap a year or so ago , and I guess I got what I paid for . The little part where you press the buttons to choose the station is super sensitive . Barely touch it and it switches to another station . It frequently slides down between my seat and the center console , where I have to fish it out and the station gets changed again . Sometimes there seems to be static on several stations that I go through . The display also gets super hot , even if you have the light turned down . When I can afford to buy a better transmitter -LRB- hopefully one that also charges -RRB- , this one is going in the garbage .
 For some odd reason , the sound quality for the first two times I used it was comparable with the old Belkin device , but since then it has constant static and sounds terrible . Very disappointed and back to my old transmitter I guess .
 In all fairness , I read other reviews before ordering this product and I had my doubts that it would work well in a big city with a crowded FM radio dial.Nonetheless , I thought I 'd give this model a try because , unlike other similar units , it can be tuned to any FM frequency . As promised , it was also easy to tune and set up the three preset channels.I tried , unsuccessfully , to find a frequency that was far enough away from another station to get a quiet signal . Then I tried again . And again . I had no luck so I sent it back .
 It was OK but not what I expected . It picked up interference and sound was not clear . I did n't send it back because cost more to do that so I 'm out of money . It may have been the one I received but I did n't want to go through trying to return .
 Purchased this unit on the 22nd of June . Apparently shipped out on the 23rd . And today it finally arrived on July 6th . Basically taking about 14 days to go from California to New York . They provided no tracking info . And when questioned they informed me it had either not shipped or that I should give it another week . I went to Amazon and got credited . I posted a less than favorable revue which the vendor deleted . Today my product arrived . Upon testing it provides three different fm frequencies from which to choose . Signal and sound quality is much what you might expect . And it does n't require batteries since you can plug it in to the cigarettes lighter . So I 'm happy thus far with my purchase . And have canceled my refund through Amazon . My experience with this vendor have been less than exemplary where since my original complaints have they reduced the pricing of this product by two dollars - plus have posted a notice stating it may take several days longer than anticipated for your product to arrive . This vendor has also demonstrated a lacking of character by re positioning my approval of anyone having complained about their product . All in all this product performs as it should . Regarding this vendor I would highly suggest that Amazon conduct a thorough investigation on determining whether or not this particular vendor can be trusted or is perhaps just one of many fraudulent operators waiting to prey upon the unsuspecting . And should this vendor once more find it necessary in preventing my opinions from being posted through Amazon - I have others sources for which to make my opinions known regarding your behaviors . Customer satisfaction and being treated with respect should always be first and foremost . Screwing people and then covering your mistakes is unacceptable .
 This did not work at all . Could not program it . Return the product for a refund . Not pleased at all .
 This device only worked for about 20 minutes , after which I could not get a sound from it on any frequency . Would NOT reccomend .
 Purchased locally . I figured if any issues I would return.I had my player with me . -LRB- Creative Zen Vision : M -RRB- Plugged in , found an empty frequency , tried to set the unit . Unit would not set ! - / + buttons did n't work.Also , if you have a somewhat large hand , you wo n't find this an easy unit to set.Returned within 20 minutes to the store where purchased . Did n't bother with trying another . Monster need better quality control .
 I received a model , not as pictured . The vendor offered me a refund , but after shipping both ways , it 's not the wisest decision . I was better off just keeping it.The sound over the FM was heavy in bass and not enough treble . The model I received was not the Full Spectrum , but instead , the model that offers just a few frequencies . I am not happy with this product , but in all fairness , the Monster RaidoPlay I received was a different model than the one I ordered . I will attempt to purchase and try from a local retailer soon .
 First of all , they sent me the wrong model . Second , while it sounded great , it only produced sound out of ONE speaker . I know it was n't my car stereo or MP3 player , because they work fine with everything else . I asked to exchange the item . I had to pay to ship it back even though it was obviously defective and then , though I sent it to `` EXCHANGES '' and was told it would be exchanged , it was n't . It was refunded and they told me to reorder another one . Thanks ... but , I 'll try a different brand . What a bunch of morons ! Ca n't even get the right item in the package , charge $ 10 to ship something that weight about 2 ounces , and they do n't understand what `` exchange '' means . Sad .
 The order did not arrive and no refund was returned . Please be careful when ordering .
 Disapointed that this product does n't charge I-Pod . As a result I have had to return this product to exchange for another one . I still have n't heard from them for my refund it has been over two weeks !
 I bought this locally because I 've always been a Monster fan . Put it in the car , tuned it -LRB- the full band tuning was nice -RRB- and the buttons felt totally cheap . They were loose feeling . With the cheap FM Transmitter I had I got clear stereo sound , picked up no engine or transmission whine or static unless in a large city . With the Monster , I heard transmassion whine no matter where in the car I placed it . The sound was muffled as if I had the treble all the way down although the bass was very good . It did not work with the headphone jack on my Cingular 8125 Pocket PC for MP3s . With that device it only played out of one side of the stereo speakers . THEN , for some reason , the internal fuse would keep tripping even when I had the volume on the CD player all the way down . The display would flash `` 8888 '' and I had to unplug it and plug it back in to reset it.The good thing is it looked slick and was unobtrusive . I took it back to Radio Shack the next day.If you want a GOOD FM Transmitter , check out the Accurian FM Transmitter . It 's the same price , will seek out the clearest frequency for you and is as unobtrusive as the Monster . I 'm wondering if Monster made it for Radio Shack and put MUCH MUCH better quality/components in it . It 's the same price and works GREAT !! My opinion ? Stick with Monster for audio/video cables , but go with someone else for wireless transmitters .
 After going through a cheap Coby FM transmitter that did n't last long enough , I decided to go with this one after reading its reviews . I purchased this one in December , and it 's already broken . Here are the pros and cons : Pros :1 . You can save preset radio stations on it . You get three presets , which is kind of nice .2 . You can set it to almost any frequency . It does n't have only certain stations that you can use.But here , folks , are the outweighing cons :1 . You ca n't set the frequency below 88.7 FM . I live in Charlotte , NC , so that does not leave many options above that frequency for use . I used to set my old one at 87.7 and got good reception almost everywhere .2 . The first time I used it for 11 hours , it started to overheat and get static-y . At first I could use it short bits of time , but now it 's static-y all the time . It cuts in and out of broadcasting now .3 . My Coby was the half the price and lasted almost two years . This one did n't even last six months .4 . If the station you had it on was n't on a preset station , the lightest touches to any of the buttons changed the station to a preset and you had to hold down a button then adjust the frequency up and down to get back to it . This is a little challenging while you 're driving .5 . Not durable for temperature changes.So , if I had to do it again , I 'd pick the Coby again . At least the Coby was cheaper and I was n't surprised when it stopped working .
 I just got done playing with this in my car for the last hour . I do n't know if it 's my location -LRB- about 90 minutes north of NYC -RRB- or what , but , I just could not find a station that provided sound that satisfied me.The best sound I could get was equivelent to a average to poor radio station . Sound was distant and hollow . Not anywhere near a quality radio station sound.Let 's put it this way , if I were to tune to a radio station that had the sound I was getting , it might hold my attention for a little while , but , certainly not a station I 'd be willing to preset on my radio.This is being returned .
 for as much as it costs , its a piece of junk . Most FM transmitters are , i heard some good things about this one , so i thought it would be better , and it wasnt =-LRB- , and i dont even live in the city , it has alot of static , and garbled , underwater
 I have a 1999 Toyota Tacoma pickup . I bought the Monster FM transmitter to work with my iPod . But I could not tune the device to any station so that my stereo and antenna could pick it up . I got a faint signal at 88.9 , but then that disappeared . It could be that the Los Angeles area airwaves are just too crowded . I am getting a cassette tape to MP3 converter next . Hopefully , the hard line will work better .
 The 3.5 mm cable broke after about 3 weeks of use . I had to cut open the cable and re-splice it , that worked for another few weeks until it stopped working completely.I am very disappointed in this product .
 This unit at first pleased me with adequate audio quality and the ability to bypass those unreliable tape cassette adapters which only work in some cassette players . However , after about 30-40 minutes of playback , this unit fails and displays a flashing `` J '' in the display . If I let it sit for a while , it works again for another 30-40 minutes and then fails again . This failure is both repeatable and seen with a couple of different audio sources . I contacted Monster support via their website 's email form , but there was no response . I guess most people use it less than 30-40 minutes and therefore do not see this issue .
 Dont purchase this product as the sound is not good . Slightest movement of power cord creates severe static .
 I am not happy with this item . It will not hold the station and has a lot of static . Therefore , music does not play correctly.Very disappointed .
 Had a terrible experience with this item . Very flimsy buttons , poor build quality and make . Stopped working in a few days . There are better choices out there .
 I 've now used this on two long car trips up and down the East Coast , and my recommendation is that you only buy this if you are absolutely desperate to use your iPod in your car , and there are literally no alternative ways to use your car 's audio equipment to accomplish that . The sound -LRB- whether in an urban area or way out in the sticks -RRB- is noisy , distorted , and compressed , even when there are no local interfering stations . Loud music is crackly , quiet music is inaudible .
 I was hoping to use this to play my ipod in the car on road trips . The sound quality is terrible , and there is static on just about every channel . I live directly between Milwaukee and Chicago , so there are very few stations that have dead air . This transmitter is not strong enough to block all of the interference from local radio stations . This product may work well when traveling through rural areas , but that has yet to be tested . Do not purchase this unit if you live in an area with tons of radio stations .
 I got this transmitter today in the mail ahead of time and thats about the only positive thing ive got to say about it . One of the digital numbers were out and didnt work so i didnt know what station it was on exactly . The other complaint i have is that it is junk . No stations worked at all . It is a poorly made product . I will be sending it back . .
 Does not perform well , weak signal does not allow quality sound from ipod to radio . FCC is responsible for weak signal .
 Pros
 I could not get a single station to play acceptably . Returned this item after trying to go through every station without any positive results .
 Does not work correctly . The static is louder than the music . I 've tried it in three cars and have even asked others to try with the same results .
 I was not very pleased with this product . It does offer a large list of stations to choose from , but none of them were clear at all . I 'm not talking a little static -LRB- that 's to be expected -RRB- I mean , you could n't hear the music over the static noise .
 This product is so inferior I almost ca n't believe I paid money for it . Even the slightest amount of volume in a song makes the sound dissolve into static . Trust me , I 've tried every frequency , they are all garbage . The last Monster FM transmitter I had was marginally better but alas , it died . The only reason I use this is because my nearly inaudible iPod playlist is better than anything the Clear Channel has to offer and it 's illegal in Massachusetts to listen to your headphones while driving .
 Ordered it for my Droid Razr in December , 2011 . Worked fine for six months , then gave in . The cable/wire has problems and it wo n't transmit the music to the speakers , I have to constantly tinker with the wire to transmit the sound , which is impossible -LRB- and unsafe -RRB- to do while driving and kind of defeats the whole purpose . For a $ 25 transmitter , this was disappointing . I had a $ 5 FM transmitter before -LRB- when I had an iPhone -RRB- and it worked fine without any trouble for ages.Not recommended !
 The Monster RadioPlay 300 FM Transmitter -LRB- MBL-FM XMTR300 -RRB- is hardly useable . It works but with intermittent noise in the raidio . very annoying .
 I bought this product before a long road trip . I connected it to my iPod to play MP3 's along the way . The sound quality is horrible ! The static was either hissing in the background or overpowering . I never found a frequency that did not have static . Also , the music sounded like it was being played in a cavern through the wall . It was muted and echoing . I returned it as soon as I got back from my trip . Not worth the money .
 This transmitter is the worse I have ever use . But I have a feeling of living in the mountains -LRB- CO -RRB- also might have an effect on it too . The sound quality has static in every station I turn to . and it does n't have a synchronizing button where u can hit for the thing to search your area for a better reception dial . The transmitter makers have no vision ... I an very disappointed and wasting almost 40 dollars for something like this in this economy .
 I did give this contraption 1 star basically out of pity . I could barely wait for this gadget to arrive , and was really looking forward to hearing music on my long ride to work , instead of yapping disc jockeys . I plugged the thing in and nothing . I twisted and adjusted the power plug thingy in and out until finally the light flickered on briefly , only to need further readjusting before it would stay put . I turned on my music , which was barely audible under all the static , did n't matter where I set the volume or which station I tuned to . Still hopeful , I tried the thing out on my way to work , thinking local interference could be to blame , and it might clear up as I drove . Instead , the situation only became worse , as an ear shattering feedback noise erupted from my speakers at random intervals . At this point , I was greatly concerned whether or not my speakers were still intact . Was lucky there , but realized I 'd wasted my money , and packed the thing up for return that day . Guess I 'm better off putting a new belt on my old cassette player ...
 It seems easy enough to use at first , but you have to play around and find the best frequency for optimal playback , which can be difficult . Then you have to find the right balance between mediums , meaning sometimes you have to increase the sound volume on your MP3 player and decrease the volume on the radio , or vice versa . You never know exactly what to do , and it is very dangerous while driving.It never acts the same way twice ... sometimes it works great , other times it 's completely useless . The static feedback is quite noticeable . The buttons are super-sensitive so if the transmitter part just gently bumps something , it can easily switch to a different radio station by mistake , and throw off your music.I would highly recommend you pay the extra money for a better model . This one just does n't do the job .
 I bought this transmitter and it does n't work . I contacted the company that sent it and they told me I had 30 days to send it back from the time I ordered it . It took the company 14 days to send it and it was a gift for my husbands birthday so my time is up . I am very unhappy . I am trying to get them to make an acception in my case . We shall see .
 The product is fine , but the process to transfer LP 's to MP3 format is not easy . I have spent several hours now , experimenting with the Cakewalk software and the turntable . I can record but still ca n't hear while I am recording , and I have tried everything I can think of and more to get audio with no success . But as I said , it does record and then you have to break up the album into songs , label them and save them as MP3 files . This takes some practice . At least once recorded you can hear from your computer speakers . But at the rate I am going it will take me months to record my album inventory . Paying for a service to do this is seeming lots more cost effective than all this time . I also challenge the reviewers who like Cakewalk and consider it intuitive , certainly has n't appeared that way to me . There are some obvious improvements to usability that I would make . But , I bought it and I have n't given up , I am hoping that practice makes perfect and I 'll get the hang of it and be more efficient int he process . We can only hope .
 This is the motto of Electronics Expo yet when I complained about the performance of their merchandise I was NOT SATISFIED with having to pay a 20 % restocking fee . Obviously , customer satisfaction is NOT a priority for Electronics Expo , but simply a catchphrase to dupe consumers into purchasing their merchandise . The LP-to-Digital Recording System is simply a record turntable with a built-in pre-amp and recording software . If one owned a record turntable with their home stereo system , they would not need Electroncs Expo 's glorified turntable and the provided software marginally improved the sound quality of the recordings . My recommendation to Amazon customers would be that if they want satisfaction , DO NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM ELECTRONICS EXPO !
 I ca n't give this an objective rating . Despite repeated consultations with my computer manufacturer and the software provider I could n't get this unit to play through my computer , so could n't do any recording . I sold it to a friend and it is apparently working with his system . Conclusion
 Even though the package arrived on time before Christmas , the equipment came without the rubber record mat -LRB- to protect the LP from being scratched by the turntable -RRB- . I tried to communicate with the seller to solve the problem but they did n't replyied . I asked them only for the record mat , or at least a refund on the value of the mat , but without a response by them.Careful with what you order with them the next time .
 Others might have better luck , but the one I got was just trash . The amplifier did n't work -LRB- I did find the hidden switch to turn it on , but turning it on had no effect -RRB- , the turntable was bottom of the barrel , and the stylus just skated across my lp 's . I do appreciate that Amazon took this back and gave me a credit , no questions asked .
 Althogh the turntables operates fine for a budget turntable , the software does not lend itself to making a CD from an LP . There is no direct recording to a blank CD . The LP must be played and stored in a file , then that file copied to a blank cd . There is no ability to separate tracks . If you stop recording to turn the record over you have to make a new file . Now you have two files for one LP and each copies onto the cd as a single track . So a ten track LP with five tracks on each side converts to two CD tracks . I suppose you could leave the operation in record mode while turning over the LP , cleaning it , etc and have a 30-60 second gap on the cd and your LP of ten tracks would now be one track . Or you could stop recording at the end of each LP track making ten files for the LP and burn the ten files to a CD . I do n't see a way to write the track titles to each file other than naming the file the name of the LP track -- a very cumbersome product -- not one I would recommend .
 The product says it `` digitally transfers '' music to a computer , but only comes with a set of RCA jacks . Doom on me for reading `` digital transfer '' and assuming it had a USB connector LIKE EVERY OTHER VERSION OF THIS PRODUCT . Essentially , this is just a turntable . No digital transfer , no USB , no way to hook it into a PC at all , unless you happen to have an advanced sound card with an RCA `` line in '' jack . The directions specifically prohibit you from using the microphone jack.I bought this for my Dad for Christmas , and will not only be returning it , but asking for consideration towards a product that does what this one was ADVERTISED to do - digital transfer , NOT analog , through RCA.Would rate this at ZERO stars if I could .
 very disapointed . this is nothing but a regular component record player with a miniplug adapter and CD in the box with it . if you already have a record player , get the free software and an adapter , and youl have better than this . no digital conversion , no usb . its all software , and not very good software at that . your system needs windows media player to work , and there is no easy direct MP3 conversion . its barely more than recording the line in on your regular sound card software . im serioulsy considering sending it back .
 This probably would have been a great item , except the information given to allow one to make an intelligent information decision about this product is lacking.Until received did not realize that it was not a USB port connection which made it incompatible with my computer . Best be more descriptive in the type of connections required along with the type of computer capacity required.Wasted time and money returning this item of no use .
 I purchased this as a gift for my mother assuming that it had one of the standard digital connections for a computer -LRB- USB cord , etc -RRB- like every other version of this type of product I 've since found . It actually only has rc imputs that specifically do n't work with any mic imput - so , you are basically left with a plain old turntable without any new way of connecting to a computer or creating digital files . Look elsewhere if you dont have one of the few high end sound cards that have the specific input you need for this product . The software was also overly complex and not intuitive at all . Lame .
 There are many positive reviews of this product . My expeience is different . I found the turntable flimsy and far from high quality . After playing five albums , the turntable failed . The motor began to run erratically , causing major distortion in sound . If you purchase this item , I wish you luck . Some have found it ; I did not .
 I received this as a gift and am really disappointed . I contacted the companies customer service and was informed that what was purchased is not complete . I have to purchase more equipment in order to get my product working . This is going to cost about $ 30 - $ 60 for stuff that should have been mentioned when ordering this product . I am not happy with this product nor Amazon who should have did the research before they recommend this turntable . I plan on sending this back and getting a refund and getting what I really want .
 Sheer garbage ! After carefully following assembly instructions , I installed the turntable . It turns using a 1/8 '' weak rubber band from the rotor -LRB- on top of the motor -RRB- and is wrapped around the base of the turntable . You then lay the rubber mat on top of the turntable . This noticeably slows the turntable . When you add an LP , the turntable completly stops . The rubber band simply is n't strong enough to pull this weight.Audio-Technica AT-LP2DA LP-to-Digital Recording System
 Purchasing this product , you might be able to burn CD 's , but most likely , you 'll burn your money.It 's actually a good standart turntable with a RCA to miniplug adaptor.They talk about a preamp switch , but they forget to place it on the product.Software is lousy - close to garbage - . In order to record my vinil records on CD , I had to buy another software , wich worked better.It actually could be considered a misleading advertising .
 When my son open his Christmas gift set it up the turntable would not turn.This is something that is pretty easy to check before it leaves the factory . ? I was very disapointed , I will not buy another product produced by this company .
 The turntable is simple and easy to set up . Easy to connect to the laptop -LRB- although the instructions say you ca n't use the mic input , it actually doubles as the line-in , so it does work -RRB- . The software is a joke . It claims to do all sorts of fun things with editing , but unless you have weeks of free time it would be difficult to figure it out . I was able to record some LP 's , but the `` help section '' is useless . Much of what it describes ca n't even be found on the software . It shows functions that are n't there . It also claims to record from the internet but does n't work on my computer . It 's a fine product if you want to do basic recording , but not much good for anythinig else .
 I received this for Christmas and am returning it . The problems are numerous , primarily with the software.First , it is not compatible with Mac . Second , it will only work with Windows Vista after a download of the 48MB patch from the Cakewalk site.Once installed , the software suffers from serious usability issues . Nothing is intuitive , and the `` tips '' are self-contradictory . In an age in which one can buy a song for less than a dollar with the click of a mouse , there are better options for replacing your LPs and 45s than this.Avoid this product .
 Unfortunately , this product is nothing more than Audio Techica 's way of getting rid of a very cheap turntable by packaging it with hard-to-use software and an inexpensive RCA add-on cable and calling the whole mess an `` LP-to-Digital Recording System '' . Ha!Unlike other turntables which are USB-ready this one is not and requires plugging into a sound card ... which may or may not work.I was looking forward to enjoying this product but , within minutes of setting it up and tinkering with it , it was evident that this was going to be returned.The turntable is made of very cheap lightweight plastic . The ONLY positive I 'll give it is that it has one heck of a sturdy dust cover.Avoid this .
 My Audio-Technica AT-LP2DA turntable arrived DOA , so I was not able to hear the sound quality reproduction . What I DID see frightened me ; the turntable had no tracking mass adjustment , no anti-skating adjustment , and no strobe for speed adjustment . It was belt drive . In summary , if one had a few dozen LPs to digitize , it might do . Otherwise , upgrade to the Audio-Technica AT-PL120S ; for twice the money , you get three times the turntable , and will NOT be sorry.I found the Cakewalk Pyro 5 software to be non-intuitive , but VERY powerful .
 Total waste of money . The mic picks up the movement of the arm , when it comes into contact with the record , the actual turning of the turn table . The software is horible . It is so bad , I ended up getting my portable voice and holding the mic up to the speakers . It came out so much better than this junk . JUNK , JUNK , JUNK !!!
 The player sounded ok , but I could n't get it to record anything to my computer . The on-line manual is not at all straight forward . There is n't any feed back to indicate that anything is actual being recorded except a timer that gives you the time from the point you click on record . I returned mine and am looking for a better system that is easier to use and will actually work with my computer .
 There were no instructions on how to use the software for the turntable . There was no troubleshooting help and what hints there were did not fix anything.After 20 hours of adjusting all kinds of sound and audio drivers , the turntable did not play through my computer and it was impossible to make any recordings from the turntable .
 The Audio-Technica is a well made turntable but does not work on Macintosh MacBook Pro dual processor.The software that filters the input direct to computer without amplifier/preamp is supposed to be installed on Windows XP and would not install making it worthless .
 After two weeks of experimentation , I can honestly say that while the turntable works pretty much as advertised the Cakewalk software does not.First , in order to hear the music I was trying to convert to CD or MP3 , I had to jury rig a pre-amp and powered speakers.Second , the sound that goes into the computer goes in at full , distorting volume . I had to plug in a small mixer to reduce the volume.Third , once you record , it is difficult to edit the result . The software does not split the album into separate tracks as advertised . That has to be done manually.Fourth , when I tried to burn a CD of the music converted , my computer crashed EVERY TIME . Cakewalk did give me a fix for that . But it still wo n't download properly . Only one song of a recently recorded file downloaded to a disc.Fifth , Cakewalk only recognizes a few obscure brands and models of MP3 players . It will not download to your Ipod or my brand new Zune.Sixth , after recording and saving a full album as a music file , I can not access the file by any other software or even another music player . In fact , it lost one entire recorded album after about four days . I know it was saved properly was that I recorded it one day , cleaned it and put in the track separations the next day . On the fourth day , I listened to it and tried to burn it onto a CD with no sucsess.It is obvious that the Cakewalk software just flat out DOES NOT WORK as advertised . I will probably have to purchase additional software that usually costs just under $ 100 . I do n't know if the professional version of this product -LRB- which sells for around $ 180 -RRB- is better or not.If I knew then what I know now , I would not have purchased this product . With the right cables , I now believe that ANY turntable can be plugged into a computer . The software seems to be the key . This version of cakewalk , however , is not the software to use.Audio-Technica AT-LP2DA LP-to-Digital Recording System
 I really got the impression I was n't going to need any additional parts ... Not True be aware you will need an amplifier
 Transferring the first album to my PC took roughly 5 hours . The second took 3.5 hours , the third about 2 hours and the fourth about 1.5 hours.Learning the software interface took an inordinate amount of time , even though I 've been an interface programmer.After learning the software , it appears every album will cost about an hour to record , mark the songs , name the songs and write the songs as MP3 . If I want to edit out song parts or eliminate pops/clicks , it will take longer.It 's really time consuming and the software does n't make it simple or intuitive.The turntable is of reasonable quality . It 's just a regular turntable with a built-in pre-amp . You turn the pre-amp ` on ' when recording to your PC , turn if ` off ' if you want to use the turntable with your regular stereo .
 The `` LP-to-Digital Recording system '' is nothing more than a record player . Just a vanilla , run-of-the-mill record player . You still need a sound card in order to record your LPs . Most builtin -LRB- on the motherboard -RRB- sound cards have very poor audio input , so this product is not suited to its advertized function.I am reminded of the `` solar clothes dryer '' product of a couple of years back - the box contained a rope and some clothespins.The software is awkward and hard to use , not at all intuitive . It also requires the user to register on the net and donate their privacy . Any buyer would be better off getting Audacity -LRB- freely available on the net -RRB- , which is easy to use and has the same features.I do not recommend this product .
 The product description and the picture clearly shows ruby colored lens on the binoculars , but when I received them in the mail , the lens were not ruby tainted . I am returning mine right away , as this is blatant false advertising .
 i work in a ce store in the seattle area and we sell quite a lot of these subs . the key to their success has to be the price -LRB- 150 USD -RRB- which surpasses any of the competition when you are in the market for two twelves and an enclosure . having heard them daily for the last year i 'd have to say they put out a decent sound . the blue lights are also cool but most people do n't realize they have to be hardwired for power . my only qualm with the unit is that they 're not very reliable . many come back blown . if you buy these , buy some kind of warranty as well . it 's completely worth it when you consider the money you 've saved by buying this package .
 Amazon does n't show the connection plug.Assuming Terk has n't upgraded their design from the one I have , the quality is very poor . My plug is not solid ; rather , it is a circle of thin flanges , which quickly break .
 I aLso received the antenna with the brown plug that would n't fit my Sirius model . The ad was misleading and appears everyone is having the same issue .
 wrong antenna did ` nt and would not fit the radio . E-mailed said it was the wrong one , ask for a exchange , no responce .
 I 'd echo the other comments below
 FEB 7 , 2011THE PRODUCT WAS NOT AS ADVERTISED , I.E. POOR QUALITY . I RETURNED IT TO THE SELLER & REQUESTED A REFUND.TO DATE I HAVE NOT HEARD FROM THE SELLER & I RETURNED THE ITEM 1 WEEK AGO ?!! IT COST ME $ 10.00 TO RETURN IT !!
 This antenna worked perfectly for me for exactly 30 days . At that point , I kept getting `` Antenna Not Detected '' messages on every receiver I tried . When I examined the plug that connects to the receiver , I noticed that a tiny cylinder of metal inside the plug had fallen out . It 's gone , now , and without that piece to make contact , the antenna is useless.Be VERY careful when connecting or disconnecting this antenna from a receiver , as this piece is VERY easy to break , and you will be left with a useless piece of equipment.While it WAS functioning , however , it performed its job quite nicely .
 Purchased a total of 20 of these.I previously sold the American International brand Sirius antenna but there was a temporary shortage in the market.Four of the twenty Terk brand units were dead on installation . Sadly , I thought Terk was a quality brand . My mistake !
 I found this ear piece difficult to keep in my ear . It falls out often and turns on very easily when in my purse . I would not recommend this ear peice .
 When we received this TV , we loved it . Within sixty days the smart port quit working and before the warranty was out the TV begin to `` Marble-ize '' -LRB- what the repair center calls it -RRB- . I said it looked like mother of the pearl shining in the sun.Anyway , I am now in a battle with them to try and get my TV home , a new TV issued or my money back . They would not honor the In-home Warranty , so I a have been out a living room TV for almost two months . They ca n't seem to fix this TV and have replaced the same part three times -LRB- I learned that they also use refurbished parts to fix our brand new under warranty TV 's and electronics -RRB- . This is not going to build any JVC love between us and them.Anyway it is still not fixed and now they think it might be a cable instead . In other words they do n't know what is wrong with it and unless I get a lawyer soon , I am going to get screwed on this deal for sure . In the meantime , and too late , I searched the Internet and found that there are people in the heart of big cities that are told the in-home warranty will not be honored , because , like us , it is too far too drive . I do n't seem to be the only one having major problems with them.So , I am not a happy customer . I would not recommend this TV or JVC to anyone and I will never purchase from them again .
 First of all , I was very excited to get this TV when I had done significant research regarding resolution , color , response rate and price . To get a 1080p TV of this size at this price was almost too good to be true . Alas , it was , as BOTH HDMI inputs do not work . I have two DVD players with HDMI inputs , as well as two satellite receivers with HDMI connections , and tried the TV with all of them . Buying an HD TV without the capability to use the HDMI inputs is worthless.Hoping that the additional service contract would come in handy , I called to see about getting the TV repaired or a replacement sent out . After trying to deny coverage completely for the item being `` used at a business '' -LRB- it was actually just shipped to my business -RRB- , the service company then said that there was no coverage under their `` 2 year '' plan during year one EXCEPT FOR power surge coverage . In essence nothing , nada , for your $ 325 . Do yourself a favor and think twice , three times , or more when you are going to spend this much on an item . It simply is n't worth the hassle .
 This product is horrible . Upon receiving it , I was really anxious to try it out and one could not see a thing through the lens . Perhaps it was missing the mirror . It is completely useless and is being shipped back .
 The page claims that the mount is universal for flat-panel televisions within the size/weight range . This is not the case . The mount comes with a compatibility list , from which my 42 '' , 90lb television is absent . The mount was neither tall enough nor wide enough to fit . Compatibility should be listed on the page.This mount WILL NOT fit a Toshiba 42hp66 , 42 '' plasma television without excessive reeingineering.The mount does , however , seem well made .
 Review written for the Brother 1440 but it applies to this one as well.I purchased 2 printers for my office of 14 people . We already have a Hewlett Packard . From day one this printer has been an absolute nuisance . It takes approximately 6 minutes for any job to reach the printer , and an additional 3 minutes for multiple pages to print . Do n't even bother to attempt the manual tray . You have to manually hold the paper till the printer decides to grab it , then wait another 6 minutes for it to print.Once there is a jam - which happens often , or any sort of disruption with the print job , you have to turn the printer off for a few minutes to clear the memory , and send it again . If not , the error light will continue to flash even after the problem -LRB- jam , replenish paper etc. -RRB- has been resolved . My staff members have all gone back to printing to the HP ; and this , along with the other new printer , a Brother HL-1230 , sit idly by.Brother - never again
 Bought this over priced fair performing LCD.I needed a better interface for my Crestron Adagio system , the Samsungs had a horrible interface for IR control.Jumped to the SHARP for its serial control.The Aquos is Great LCD , better price ...
 After four months of use , a thin green line appeared on the screen . Repair shop says whole screen has to be replaced . Now waiting for new screen to arrive from Samsung . Without tv for two weeks . Covered by warranty , but I am very disappointed to say the least .
 I did not know that this product was only for PSP 100 , due to the lack of that spec on the listing . The company will not take a return of the product . BEWARE .
 After much searching and reading the reviews I thought I found my replacement case , however its just too small . I have a 7-inch portable DVD player with an extra screen that has served us very well . While the case holds the screens nicely , it becomes very difficult to get all the cords into the extra pocket . I got it in , but then another problem came when I tried to install the unit into the car . The case leaves no room to accommodate the cords to be plugged in ... the car power cord and the cord that connects the two units . The case that came with my players had slits for the cords to plug in . I did n't expect this , but I thought there would be ample room for the cords to plug into the sides of the player , especially considering it is made to hold players up to 9-inches . Something to consider before buying this case .
 I bought two of these units a year and a half ago for $ 99 each.They do work as advertised but the map data was out of date when they were new , and no map updates are available from Navigon.Navigon is leaving the US market completely -LRB- as of a statement in May 09 -RRB- so choose your GPS product supplier carefully !
 I loved this product until I went to update my maps and found there were none to update . I called Navigon . Fujitsu Siemens was the maker and they discontinued it . Navigon supports the warranty but told me they do not know if there will ever be any map updates available . It 's just a wait and see . I paid well over $ 300 at the time of purchase only about 9 months ago . I loved it for 9 months but it sorely needs updating and probably will never have any . So far , Navigon is n't worried about the customers . Backing up a product is 50 % of the ` business to customer relations ' . I would not purchase this until the map update issue is resolved . This product will become useless if it is not resolved . I 'm out a lot of money , and I 'm not impressed .
 PROS * Good looking hardware * Small size ideally suited for travel and handheld use * Unique turn exclusion screen allows you to select multiple roads you want to avoid with ease * Lots of routing options -LRB- including fast car , slow car , pedestrian , & scenic route -RRB- * POI brand icons displays company logos on the map instead of generic POI category icons * Music player supports MP3 , AAC , and WMA audio formats * Relatively long -LRB- 5 hour -RRB- battery life * Includes swappable white and black faceplates * NAVTEQ mapping data -LRB- 2006 maps -RRB- * SiRF 's high performance StarIII indoor GPS receiver * Light weight -LRB- 3.9 oz -RRB- * Nicely designed map screenCONS * Poor documentation * Cluttered , complex UI * Very sluggish / slow . Borders on unusable * When entering an address , pressing the `` Back '' icon takes you back to the main menu rather than the previous menu , and you have to start entering the address all over again * Could n't find some addresses -- quirky address entry system * Small screen size and small text combined with general slowness makes the Pocket LOOX N100 all but impossible to use while driving * Highly reflective screen difficult to see in many lighting conditions * No Text-to-Speech -LRB- GPS does n't announce actual street names -RRB- * Voice prompts sound strange - like a drunk woman reading a seductive romance novel -LRB- seriously -RRB- * When using the MP3 player while navigating , audio prompts are announced over the music , making them difficult to hear . Some other GPS units pause the music for audio navigation prompts , and then resume music playback . * User interface needs refinement - some tasks are especially frustrating , such as entering a destination address * Voice Regocnition feature more gimmick than useful feature * No BluetoothConclusionI had hoped the Pocket LOOX would become the GPS I travel with - it 's good loox -LRB- sorry , I could n't help it -RRB- and small size would have made it ideal for bringing it with me on trips and carrying it around in my pocket . Plus , the mp3 player , video player , and video games would have made it an even better travel companion.Fujitsu Siemens Pocket LOOX N100Unfortunately , the Fujitsu Siemens Pocket LOOX N100 -LRB- seriosuly , not only is this the least catchy product name ever , but the unit I reviewed actually included a legal requirement that I refer to the product by it 's full , un-marketing firendly , name in this review -RRB- is ruined by poor performance and its unpolished user interface.The single biggest problem with the Pocket LOOX is the overall slowness of the unit . Using this frustratingly sluggish GPS for any length of time is an exercise in patience . For example , it takes a full minute for the navigation application to load . Entering text is so slow that you constantly double-hit letters because your not sure if the unit registered the first tap . It 's not that any one aspect of using the Pocket LOOX is slow -- it 's that EVERY aspect of the Pocket LOOX is slow , from navigating menus to redrawing maps . Performance is so poor that the Pocket LOOX is almost unusable.Then there 's the size issue - the Pocket LOOX has a small screen , so it 's all the more essential that software engineers make intelligent use of the screen . Instead , it feels like Navigon 's software was designed for larger display GPS devices and simply transferred onto the palm-sized Pocket LOOX without any adjustments . The small text is unreadable from the drivers seat -LRB- and almost unreadable even at arms length -RRB- , and the menus feel cluttered . The on-screen keyboard is much too small , and almost impossible to use with normal sized fingers . The screen is also highly reflective , making it difficult to see in many situations.I also had difficulty entering in addresses . Frequently the Pocket LOOX would be unable to find an address until I found an alternate input method , such as entering the street name first , or using a zip code or cross street . Browsing through street names is tedious as you have to scroll one line at a time and wait for the small text box to scroll for each line before you can see the entire street name -LRB- assuming you can find the destination street at all -RRB- . Pocket LOOX ships with NAVTEQ mapping data , but was unable to find addresses or POIs that other NAVTEQ-powered GPS devices find without issue.Pocket LOOX does manage to squeeze in some innovative features , such as Brand Icons , displaying highway road signs , speed limit notification , and many vehicle profile options -LRB- there 's even a `` scenic route '' profile -RRB- . However , overall the Pocket LOOX is too slow , too complicated , and the text layout is too small . Given the relatively high $ 500 price tag , I also felt the Pocket LOOX should have included Bluetooth and Text-to-Speech . Oh , and did I mention it was slow ?
 it dosnt work , after a couple of days the touchscreen got unaligned , and if you try to realighn it , it dosnt work , and using the keyboard to input an adress is next to impossible now
 I purchased this for my son , it wo n't take a charge , ca n't locate maps . So we called customer service on 12/25 , they said someone would call us back , we have called back 3 times and keep getting the same answer . My son is in the military and was home over Christmas now he is back on base and we are still trying to get someone to take care of this right now it is a piece of junk it does n't work . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 No matter how cute this looks.The company carries no spare parts what so ever.So if your battery dies or your charger damages.This item goes to the Museum .
 I ordered & received a Pocket LOOX N 100 Series mobile navigator GPS . I can not get it to work and 2 friends have worked woith it and still it does n't work . The directions are on a DVD that requires a DVD addition on my computer which i do n't have or have any need of for $ 30 - $ 40 . So I have no way to try to solve the problem . I am going to call the Electronic Direct people and try to either get better instruction material or sent the whole thing back !! Gloria Putney
 I recently purchased this product which I am very dissatisfied with . I called technical support since the device could not find maps so the technician decided I should install the software to find out that the software is not supported by Macintosh computers . Not to mention I was on hold for over an hour and found technical support to be very rude and unsuccessful . His solution to the problem was it 's a new product it just came out . So basically I have a device that I ca n't use . I hope you find this review helpful because I do n't want anyone to go through what I did .
 It is a product really of low quality . I throw it the day after it arrive . Materials of very low quality , it seems like a toy -LRB- a cheap one -RRB- . Logitech logo or legend in not present neither in the box nor in the product . Do not buy it .
 The product was carefully tested and performed well below the manufacturers specifications in both frequency response and sensitivity . It had noticebly high distortion .
 I bought this for work to install a remote sensor in a weather tight AC remote box . With this device I also bought a PoE switch to match . Within 3 mos . of use , this splitter died . I ended up replacing both devices -LRB- splitter and switch -RRB- with a &#34; AIR802 POEPASS-02 Passive PoE Injector/Splitter with 5.5 mm x 2.5 mm DC Size Connector &#34; pair and dealing with the voltage drop with an adjustable AC/DC adapter within the range of my sensor device .
 I bought this as a desktop PC backup.A year after installing it , power went off one day when I was at my PC . I thought I would have at least 10 minutes of backup based on my PC and monitor wattage , but the UPS gave out in about two minutes , before I had finished up and shut down . Useless.Then , 4 months after the warranty expired , the beeper sounded constantly , and the power led flashed , indicating the battery was in need of replacement.The bottom line - Spent $ 70 for a UPS that never did its job the one time I needed it and failed just after two years . No more APC UPS for me ...
 I bought this thing because I lost a memory mod to a power surge . It worked fine at first but now it has no battery life . Recently the power went out and my computer shut off immediately - like it was not on a backup at all . Of course the alarm was still screaming but so what - my computer was already shut off without any warning . I had this thing for two years but I will be going with a different brand next time .
 This camera is great for taking pictures in great lighting . However , if you like to take pictures at night or in door , the quality is terrible . The zoom is virtually useless . Even in great outdoor lighting , taking a picture with close up zoom will make the pixel very big . I guess you get what you pay . It 's a cheap nice looking startup camera . If you are going to honeymoon in Hawaii , this is a great camera . But if you are trying to take pictures of your 2 year old kid , better get a better camera .
 The AL8 had been ` repackaged ' and the instructions and owner 's manual in the box were for a Sony BluRay DVD player -LRB- useful , right ? -RRB- . Had to go online to download them from Bose . Installed according to instructions and nothing worked . After many hours of troubleshooting , called Bose Tech Support . The Amazon vendor -LRB- Vanns -RRB- is not an authorized Bose retailer and the remote control shipped with the Bose Speaker from Vanns was not compatible with my Bose V35 System . When the V35 was introduced , Bose shipped the compatible remote to all their authorized retailers but retailers like Vanns did not receive them . Bose was very nice and shipped me the correct remote for only $ 99 plus tax , waiving the shipping . Considering I paid the same price at Amazon/Vanns as if I 'd ordered through the Bose site , this Amazon purchase cost me $ 100 . Not exactly a savings !
 I bought this camera months ago when it first came out . I am about to purchase another camera to replace it . I checked back here to see if any reviews validated my experience with this supposedly top knotch camera.It 's well designed , durable , and easy to use . The large display is great . Generally , photos taken outside come out great ! Flash and battery are weak.However , photos taken inside almost always come out grainy . I was sorely disappointed by this . It 's so bad that I find myself now looking to replace the camera.I owned several Canon cameras prior to this and they produced much better images in the - exact same - indoor shooting conditions . No grains.One of the primary reasons I bought this camera was for its anti-shake technology . It was one of the first consumer point and shoot cameras to have it . It does work but it only takes the edge off . It also seems to increase the grainy factor.This is a cool camera but I have to recommend that you look elsewhere . It 's very disappointing .
 This is a very nice little camera , but I ca n't help feeling disapointed by what matters the most to me
 I was excited when I bought my camera
 hello there.i used to have a canon powershot s400 and loved it . unfortunately i lost it . completely my fault . but anyways - i researched far and wide before i bought a new camera . i first bought the nikon 5200 but returned it because i thought it took horrible pictures.finally decided on this panasonic fx7 because they told me i would n't be disappointed . welllllllll i still like my canon better . i 'm hoping i just have n't figured out the capability of this panasonic camera yet . see i have that grainy problem too - in low light places . i 'd like to say i take artistic photos - but in all honesty , basically i take my camera to the bar to take pics of my friends having fun . the canon was amazing at that . all my pictures were in focus , not grainy at all.so is there just something i 'm doing wrong ? with the canon i did n't have to fix the settings , i just pointed and shot and wa la it was an amazing picture.do you think it has something to do with being 5 megapixel vs 4 in the canon ? i 'm reading over the manual again too to see if i 've missed something.i do n't mind the battery life so much , i just do n't like how when you review a picture and try to zoom in it zooms in WAY too much . also there is a bit of shutter lag - also both problems with the canon too.i guess i 'm happy with it . but it was really expensive , and i 'm not sure it was worth it.please write another review if you can help me . i will take all the help i can get.thanks !
 It 's ok . The camera looks great . Although every shot I took came out grainy . I returned it 3 days later . I was very unsatisfied with this camera .
 I bought two 5 packs and they worked flawlessly . I bought the 5 pack listed here with DVD jewel cases & all were burnt coasters . I will never buy Memorex again ... . They should just stick to cassette tapes .
 Same problems as all the others . The rods were not the same length or width , so they did not fit in correctly . This looked like the Leaning Tower of Pisa for many weeks . One night I came home and it had collapsed with all 200 + CDs , DVD 's , etc. . . into a sad pile on the floor . I can not believe they would actually sell this piece of garbage . I will never purchase another Atlantic product based on this experience . Save your time , effort , and money and buy something better than this .
 i put this thing together , finally , after an hour of struggle . the materials for this included
 I bought this for my dvds and these are the worst storage rack ever ! Do not buy this , stay away from this . The rods are super cheap and they are not all the same length and not even straight . It makes it almost impossible to put this together without being so unstable . Please take my opinion and save your money and buy something better that uses shelves rather than these cheap rods , you 'll be sorry .
 The product comes dis-assembled , and you need a hammer to put it together as it is a `` friction fit '' assembly . It is unstable on carpeted floors and needs to be attached to a wall to prevent it from swayinging and falling over . The horizontal CD shelves are made of wood dowels , which sag when filled to capacity . Also , there is no adequate mechanism to hold CDs in place if the shelf is only partially filled.Buying items on line is always a risk -- better to look at in the store and pay a little higher price !
 At least I only paid ten bucks on clearance . This thing 's of no value whatsoever . Assembly is nearly impossible unless you have ten hands , and once assembled it flops around for a while until quite literally falling apart -LRB- cascade of DVDs onto the cat -RRB- on its own when someone closes a door . I 'm going to try reworking its flawed design on the drill press just for fun , but if that does n't work it 's firewood.I have bought one of Atlantic 's shelf-based units and I 'm very happy with it ; it 's sturdy , capacious and attractive at a reasonable price . I 'm also probably going to give their `` Elf '' unit a try because I do like the idea of inclined storage and it has bolts to hold the dowels instead of silly shallow plastic cups.No matter how cheap this is , you 'll be saving money by buying something else .
 I thought I had gotten a good deal for a media tower that could hold my huge CD collection . Man was I wrong.The instructions that came with the unit are extremely non-helpful . It reads like someone took 2 minutes to write them.After re-reading them for 10 minutes to make sure I understood what to do , I attempted to assemble the tower.Fatal Problem
 Sound quality was very dissapointing . Sounded tinny with a fair amount of interference even when only a few meters from the main unit . And that is in a house with no wireless phones or internet . I doubt I 'm ever going to use it .
 Setup was easy enough , but the sound quality just does n't work for me . The sound is sometimes ok , but sometimes garbled . This is in the living room about 50 - 60 ' from the main system . In the kitchen , maybe 15-20 ' from the main system , it 's just fine - but I got it for the living room . Has to go back .
 I bought this at the same time I bought the panasonic home theater system . In fact , they recomend this product when you order the panasonic home theater.But they do n't tell you that the wireless transmitter that works this speaker is not compatible with the transmitter that works with the surround sound speakers that come with the home theater . The only way to use this product is to change the transmitter and lose your surround sound speakers . Completely unacceptable and stupid
 I purchased this product for my tv that ` went out . ' The lamp replacement was not the problem and so I tried to send the product back , but the resaler never responded to my request to send back and per their info , they have to approve it to be sent back ... I now have this product and do not need it , but having problems getting my money back .
 I do a lot of print design and wanted to have my monitor calibrated for correct color . It will calibrate your screen , but if you want to edit these settings down the road there are n't many options and the software is buggy at best . I 'm looking for another option .
 Mac users , be aware
 This product was very difficult to install on my Windows 7 64-bit system . It took me nearly 4 hours . It was also somewhat difficult to use . The program assumes you know a lot of color adjustment language prior to using it . There were missing links relating to help on the website .
 I bought this hoping to get the IMAX experience . I did n't expect perfection , but I did expect something better than this . For starters it 's not 3D ... more like 2D .5 because the images do n't pop out of the screen as you would expect . If you 're watch a 3D movie , yes it gives the movie more deminsion , and a somewhat 3D effect , but nothing comes out of the screen . As far as regular non-3D movies , which it promises to convert into 3D ... what a waste ! It adds almost nothing . I hoped it would work on the 3D versions of Shrek and Spy Kids , but it did not . And if you want this thing to have the ultimate home theater experience would n't you want it to work on a big screen TV ? It does n't . I give it 2 stars for a nice try , but the technology is n't there yet ... maybe one day .
 First of all you need to play with buttons to get is right . As lot of people says , it does n't convert 2D to 3D as it should , and you ca n't see 3D effects out of 2D movies or TV shows , it kind of take you in a view where it looks like you are watching it from a window without little 3D effects . For the Price I am happy because I got lot of 3D movies with it and it works on 3D movies , please note that not all 3D movies will work with these , only 3D movies that work with shutter glasses will work with those . Spykid and other movies will not work with these you need those paper glasses with those .
 Of the 3 fairly new computers -LRB- one laptop and 2 desktops running amd sempron 3100 + and athlon 64 3500 + -RRB- that I tried with , only the laptop worked with this thing.However , the picture and sound do n't really sync up . There is always a slight delay . You hear someone speak before you see the lips move . And the thing will sometime stop responding when you are changing channels.After a few days fooling around with it , I gave up and returned it .
 As usual , by the time people own a product long enough to see if it 's reliable , the manufacturer is making a new model . But I do n't think I 'll buy any more hp printers . Our small office , with very modest print needs , has gone through two of these in under 4 years . I had been concerned about the replacement costs of the drum at 50,000 pages , but not a problem , the printers crapped out first , each just a few months after the warranty expired . We only bought the second one because it was super cheap and we had the spare cartridges and drum from the first dead one .
 Extremely disappointing on how i received my headphones . They arrived in perfect brand new condition and when i hooked them into my headphone amp to test them , they were rattling like crazy at the mid bass frequencies . Almost like a paper rattle sound , It 's not huge sound but it 's extremely noticeable on songs . Also makes it impossible for me to edit music with it doing this.I have a very picky ear when it comes to sound and this drove me inside listening to this , it would make me change the song i am listening to , or stop my project.It 's actually a very common problem with the DT 770 line , not just these . But they are known for rattling , I have heard numerous posts from people about hearing the drivers rattling and then moments later they would die.Sometimes this issue is caused by a hair rubbing on the transducer itself.Right now I am returning them for another pair.These cans are extremely comfortable , you can wear them easily for hours with no pain . The sound quality is pretty amazing in my opinion , If you like headphones with more of a deeper tone then you will like these headphones ! Just make sure when you order them , pay really close attention for any rattling .
 Original review : These headphones are by far the best headphones i have ever owned.comfort-wise they are incredible , I can wear them for 12 or 13 hours at a time without feeling even the slightest amount of discomfortThe bass is very responsive and prominent , but not to the point where it overpowers.First pair I ordered were damaged and had to be exchanged for a new one , but the second was perfect.Updated review : I have now sent these headphones in for repairs 5 times and they are still not working as desired.I sent them in because of a rattling coming from the right earphone in the bass frequencies and after 5 times of complaining about the same thing nothing has changed.It 's not like I 'm blowing them out either , after I got them back I listened to them at a low volume and broke them in for over 200 hours before I even thought to turn them up .
 When I first got these headphones they were fantastic . Great sound quality , excellent comfort.But after a month and 10 days , the left ear just stopped working.I do n't know what else to say -- these would be excellent phones if they did n't break ... I 'm quite disappointed .
 Unfortunately , the Beyerdynamic DT770 PRO 250 OHM are not a good choice for professional users.I had problems with low end distortion within two years of purchasing . I sent them for servicing via the warranty cover and received the headphones back with a fresh set of ear-pads , but with exactly the same technical issues.Last week , one of the drivers died , inexplicably , dead , nada , nothing.They are out of warranty now , so how much for repairs?Quoted 70.00 by UK distributor !! the same lot that gave me fresh earpieces in place of fixing the driver the first time around.The build quality , relative to price , is poor , they are not in the same class as the DT100 and sound worse . These are hi-fi headphones , do n't be fooled by the `` Pro '' descriptor.Additionally , the large hollow plastic ear pieces are a problem insofar as any cable movement/taps -LRB- including head movements -RRB- etc. sends resonance directly to the earpiece shell , I found this very annoying in critical listening situations.If I were to buy Beyerdynamic headphones again -LRB- which I wo n't -RRB- I would opt for the DT150 , the have a much flatter response and provide good bass extension without being boomy . You hear a lot of talk about the DT770 PRO having issues with `` recessed mids , '' I have to agree with this , another problem if you are looking for accurate results . I found them useful for picking out upper range nuances when having to work at less than optimum levels with monitors , but that 's about it.Prior to owning this set I had a set of AKG K240S which worked perfectly for 10 years . Very neutral sound , accurate , with great build quality , and now with a detachable cable , so I am about to purchase a pair for only $ 99 , 10 less than getting the DT770 repaired.Avoid this product if you are looking to spend your hard earned cash on a good pair of workhorse headphones , they will let you down eventually .
 Unfortunately , the Beyerdynamic DT770 PRO 250 OHM are not a good choice for professional users.I had problems with low end distortion within two years of purchasing . I sent them for servicing via the warranty cover and received the headphones back with a fresh set of ear-pads , but with exactly the same technical issues.Last week , one of the drivers died , inexplicably , dead , nada , nothing.They are out of warranty now , so how much for repairs?Quoted 70.00 by UK distributor !! the same lot that gave me fresh earpieces in place of fixing the driver the first time around.The build quality , relative to price , is poor , they are not in the same class as the DT100 and sound worse . These are hi-fi headphones , do n't be fooled by the `` Pro '' descriptor.Additionally , the large hollow plastic ear pieces are a problem insofar as any cable movement/taps -LRB- including head movements -RRB- etc. sends resonance directly to the earpiece shell , I found this very annoying in critical listening situations.If I were to buy Beyerdynamic headphones again -LRB- which I wo n't -RRB- I would opt for the DT150 , the have a much flatter response and provide good bass extension without being boomy . You hear a lot of talk about the DT770 PRO having issues with `` recessed mids , '' I have to agree with this , another problem if you are looking for accurate results . I found them useful for picking out upper range nuances when having to work at less than optimum levels with monitors , but that 's about it.Prior to owning this set I had a set of AKG K240S which worked perfectly for 10 years . Very neutral sound , accurate , with great build quality , and now with a detachable cable , so I am about to purchase a pair for only $ 99 , 10 less than getting the DT770 repaired.Avoid this product if you are looking to spend your hard earned cash on a good pair of workhorse headphones , they will let you down eventually .
 surprisingly , they sound too quiet , and also , the headband is a little too tight and was squashing my head . and also , the mix was n't accurate when played on speakers . I say , they enhance sound too much , like add bass and less midsjust edited my rating from 4 to 1 stars because they are overpriced for the no value they bring to me and the hustle for me to have to return them now
 The online description states `` Ideal for introductory university modules '' , but the preface of the book -LRB- which is not included in the pages that are provided for online viewing -RRB- states `` This book is not a basic signal processing textbook ... it is assumed you have a good knowledge of sampling , difference equations , z-transforms , FIR and IIR filters , FFT , etc. '' I was looking for something more basic so I sent it back .
 I purchased this receiver in anticipation of a trip along the Blue Ridge Parkway just last week . I knew it would be remote and was looking forward to music and radio -LRB- NPR -RRB- while riding . The setup with XM took some time . I did n't realize the unit had to be on and outside , not in my garage when the `` activation signal '' was sent from XM . Nonetheless , once set , the unit was easy to connect to my Garmin Zumo 550 . Once on the road however the reception was poor . While riding along the Parkway , any trees would block the signal giving a patchy reception that was so aggravating I turned off the unit . This continued all the way from my home in Georgia , along the Parkway and Skyline Drive into Washington DC . I really ca n't recommend this unit due to it 's poor signal . I tried contacting XM ... Surprise , I found `` customer no-service '' . Good luck if you choose to buy this .
 I can not believe I have to spend and additional $ 200 + for an antenna after just spending over $ 700 for a GPS . It 's highway robbery !!!!! I was so impressed with my Garmin Zumo 550 . It came with several mounts -LRB- including one for my motorcycle -RRB- three charging units -LRB- including one for my motorcycle -RRB- and a nice protective carrying case . In addition , there are several small features that prove Garmin put some thought into this unit , like a magnet under the mount that keeps the weather cap from flapping around when not in use . It almost made paying $ 700 for it somehow ... acceptable . Especially when you consider it 's a GPS , MP3 Player and an XM Radio all in one.Unfortunately , that excitement was overcome by disgust as soon as I found out the antenna that allows the XM radio to work is over $ 200 . I knew I had to get an antenna and I knew I needed a subscription , but I had no idea the antenna would be almost 1/3 the cost of the GPS . I feel as though I 'm being taken advantage of as a consumer.I just bought a Pioneer Inno for my wife -LRB- portable XM radio -RRB- . I spent less than $ 200 and it came with an antenna , car kit , and docking stations.Shame on you Garmin . You 're screwing your own customers .
 My husband -LRB- an over-the-road truck driver -RRB- used this XM antenna on a StreetPilot7200 , and it lost signal * constantly * . Also , if your StreetPilot7200 fails like ours did -LRB- along with 2 replacement rebuilt units -RRB- and you have no intention of ever buying another Garmin product , then you are stuck with a basically worthless XM antenna and out a lot of money . Begrudingly , at the end of the string of failed StreetPilot7200s , we bought a cheapo $ 49.00 XM radio from Walmart , and it has worked fine for several months now and does not lose signal like the GXM30 .
 Great price but it did not work . I returned to Garmin and am awaiting a new unit . Warranty is good !
 Ordered this device via Amazon . Paid for new device - got a used one . USB extension connector showed oxidation.XM support barely speaks englishThis is probably great for automotive applicatios but not for motorcycles . The GXM has a nice magnetic pad that easily sticks to a gas tank.The NavTraffic has stale or bogus information . I saw two accidents on the way home . I decided to test it out . Split lanes -LRB- legal in Cali -RRB- to get to the bad spots - no accident - no stop-n-go traffic.I tested again and noticed it was wrong a second time . Nav Traffic reports stale data.At $ 130 a year for the subscription -LRB- you * must * get radio + Nav -RRB- , they have little excuse to provide such poor performance.Also , the minimal radio package includes Fox News and the O'Reilly factor . No problem but there 's no counterpoint to either of those stations . That 's a really blatant bias.I cancelled my subscription ... got refunded minus the activation ... and sent this unit back to Amazon as I paid for new but got used.I love the Zumo 550 I got but this is one accessory I regret dealing with -LRB- I omitted details of dealing with quasi-English-speaking cust support -RRB- . Garmin GXM30 XM Satellite Antenna for GPSMap 376C , 7200 and 7500 -LRB- 010-00423-00 -RRB-
 I use the GXM 30A antenna connected to my Garmin 396 to gather in flight weather . Having weather is great , however , this antenna has let me down 50 % of the time . The USB cord is designed to fail . It 's so fragile that under normal use you can only hope to see it last for a year or two . The cost to replace the entire antenna is $ 500 . Garmin wants $ 110 to repair the cord . Just build a durable product in the first place and charge me once for it . I 'm of sick and tired of being nickel and dimed to death by Garmin to replace cords and antennas on every unit ... every year !
 This thing is crap ! The only reason to spend all this money on the Zumo is for the hands free bluetooth features in your helmet , otherwise there are lots of cheaper products to use . The XM radio is restricted from playing music on your bluetooth headset , which renders this thing less than useful . Garmin does n't bother to tell you this in the product info either . CRAP !!!!
 This modem lasted about three days after installation . It arrived ok but simply failed altogether after installation by a qualified cable service tech .
 The installation wizard clearly took me through the steps for installation . I do not know whether the modem is defective or simply not compatible between my Dell Optiplex and Comcast 's Internet service . Even after waiting a few hours , the modem never picked up Comcast 's frequency .
 This unit refuses to link to the wireless router . It is only useful if you want to use it for a very basic wired link to a computer . Do n't even think about using for anything slightly more advanced . This unit was offered `` free '' as part of the internet package at my apartment complex and is worth every penny of that cost . Find something that works and save yourself the agony of being placed on hold with the help desk !
 I purchased a Toshiba PCX2600 DOCSIS Cable Modem -LRB- DAZ8823A-R -RRB- . I was excited to save $ 9.99 per month that Charter Cable internet service charged to rent there equipment . Initially I had an excellent rate of speed , however 2 days after the expiration of being able to return or exchange the darned thing dropped dramatically in speed down to 2mps down , 245bps upload.So rather than saving money , I wound up paying Order Total
 Worked Great when Cable tech installed the modem ... I was VERY pleased till it Quit , hours later ... it has a CRONIC problem & must be restarted 2-3 times each day ! ! ! a REAL drag ! ! ! Sold as a Defective unit was obviously not completely tested by seller ! I am VERY dissapointed to say the least
 I just bought this item and installed it into my printer and all I get is a green smudge across my page . No other colors appeared , and I just changed the black cartridge -LRB- which I purchased from Hewlett Packard , so I know it is good -RRB- . This product is not worth the money at any price . I figured by the cost it would not be up to the standards of the original , but this is not even close , I am going to have to throw it out and buy a new one from a reputable dealership . Do not waste your money .
 I bought the Rocket MP3 player from Musician 's Friend and was very excited at first . I also bought a 1 year warranty on the player . I personally hate this product and the company who sold it to me -LRB- E-Blitz -RRB- . The reason why is because after I downloaded music into the player , for some reason it would n't play for nothing !!! I got extremely frustrated from having to constantly restart my comp . because it froze many times for no reason ! Every time I tried to play the music that was downloaded into the player , the screen would just display `` 00 '' or `` 01 '' and nothing happened ! Then , after many nervewrecking times of plugging in the USB , it stated that there was an error . It said that there was not enough memory in the player to play , therefore I could n't use it at all . Apparently , the player coul n't handle the MEASLY 3 or 4 songs that were downloaded into it !!! -LRB- that is WACK ! -RRB- How should have I known when to stop downloading songs ! The thing was useless ! And if I buy more memory , how do I know it wo n't do the same thing when the memory runs out ?! I tried to call the company for a trade or refund , but all they told me was to call another # back and forth ! Even with the warranty , I was not helped at all . I could n't do anything ! I wasted my money -LRB- ... -RRB- for something that does n't even work ! If I could , I would warn everybody not to buy this product because if it happened to me , it could happen to you ! I believe nobody should be RIPPED OFF like I was ! I think that this product should n't be advertised at all because it is screwed up !!! -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Cons :1 . Screen is n't backlit like on the box .2 . Their is n't a `` voice recorder '' .3 . Short battery life .4 . When batteries die it erases songs .5 . Not very duarible , `` cheap feel '' .6 . It cuts about 2 seconds of the first song off .7 . Not very loudPros :1 . Cheap price .2 . Easy to use software .3 . Ok in looks.don ' t waste your money on it like i did .
 I was wondering whether I am the only one suffering this problem
 Looks like I should have read some reviews first !! DO NOT use a SmartMedia card that you intend on using in a different device ! Formatting the card for use in the DMP 110 will render it useless for any other device . I 've had quite a go round with this device . Had to return it twice before I got one that worked -LRB- I should have been smart enough to stop then -RRB- . Still in search of a reformatting utility ! This device is not plug & play , I 'd recommend looking for something else . This is very disappointing as I have purchased other DLINK devices had have found them to be pretty good .
 I purchased this player last month -LRB- but not from ... -LRB- this website -RRB- -RRB- and it works just fine , I am giving it a one star because it formats the smartmedia cards so they are no longer usable in other smartmedia devices , such as camera , card readers , etc. . Some MP3 player mfg have developed a utility to format the cards back to the original state but D-Link has not done this for their players and have no intention of doing so . I just want to let you know this before you trash a SmartMedia card like I did .
 I bought this item new at the store when it first came out . I also bought my girlfriend one and bought upgraded memory while I was there . Figuring out exactly how to get this unit to work and run properly in itself takes at least an hour unless your very computer literate , then trying to figure out how to put songs into the MP3 player is atleast another few hours . The instructions `` are bad '' , the set up is very complicated and the overall unit is very UN user friendly . The unit constantly gives errors and is about the most frustrating thing I have ever worked with ever . I DO NOT recommend this to anyone and if you just must have one ... I will gladly send you mine cuz thats how little I think of it . Oh and try and look up any number you can call for support on this product or ask questions about it ... you will never get anyone . Save your money and buy ANYTHING else . I would take a tape player over this ... .
 This MP3 players works just fine but I gave it a one star because it will format your smartmedia card so it can only be used with this MP3 player and there is no way to restore the card to its original formatting once you used it in this player . I now have to purchase another smartmedia card for my digital camera because this ... MP3 player trashed my smartmedia card and d-link could care less .
 It may be a good NIC but it does not have a driver for Windows 2003 x64 . I searched the web over and have n't found any luck , and their customer support also confirmed they do n't even support Windows 2003 in general on this NIC . Yikes .
 I ordered a Maxlife headphone set for an i-Pod for my son . I wanted only the ear recievers , not the wrap around ear products.that were shipped to me I also had ordered them on December 22 and every way of shipping them was labeled that they would not ship until after Christmas . So , I ordered the UPS Ground and they were shipped later that afternoon.It sure did not matter because when I got them after Christmas they were the wrong product.I then ordered them directly form Target . I did not return the wrong product because I did not care to go through another venture with your ordering service .
 While the DMP-120 has an attractive pricetag , the unit itselfleaves a lot to be desired . The generous 64MB flash capacityyields a lot of room for your favorite MP3 songs , but it suffersfrom memory initialization problems resulting in loss of data.Roughly 10 percent of the power-downs that were tested on twoseparate units resulted in the unit locking up , requiring theuser to remove the batteries to `` hard '' reset the unit . Whilethis is not only inconvenient , data is lost or corrupted duringthe hard reset most of the time , requiring the user to reformatthe flash and reload the memory . In addition to initializationproblems the unit exhibits what is most likely memory formattingproblems in the form of data loss or corruption . The symptoms ofthis problem are that the first few hundred KB or so of everysong are either not present or can not be interpreted by theprocessor ; in other words the first 1/2 second or so of every songis not there and the song starts in what would appear to bemid-stream . While this is not a major problem , it is perpetuallyannoying and would be considered `` unacceptable '' by serious audioenthusiast . In the defense of the poor engineering of the unit , the customer service at D-Link was very helpful in replacing theoriginal unit -LRB- that was suspected to be faulty -RRB- , but the supposedly `` tested '' replacement unit exhibited the same faults .
 Bugs with this unit . Not recommended for recording lectures . It loops your recording over and over , even though loop is not on . High static noise during mp3 playback . Not worth the hassle .
 If you talk to Dell Support for help in upgrading your sytem from XP to Windows 7 they will give you this as a solution . I tried and it certainly is not . They write their own drivers for most network adaptors like Intel etc. but have n't written updated drivers for Windows 7 . It appears they just want to sell you a new PC .
 I have a Vista PC , added an EG1032 , using a SD2005 switch and a Western Digital gig-enabled NAS . I 'm only getting 4.4 MB throughput . Linksys support is not helpful . This card is going back .
 Even though this is supposed to work with Linux , I could not get the driver to compile -LRB- errors in the driver code -RRB- . Linksys will not support this card in any form under Linux . If you need a card that works under Linux and is supported , DO NOT USE THIS CARD .
 Also , the tech support is not very good . Read the forums ! I would just buy another product , and I am ready to junk my unit .
 I bought this product , recieved it the next day as planned but when I opened the box the card that was in there was an incorrect card . Instead of a 10/1000 there was a plain old 10/100 . I called customer service they replaced it and sent me a new one . When I got the new one it was the SAME THING a 10/100 card in a box labled 10/1000 !!! I called again told them the situation and you know what ?? They said that there was nothing else that they could do about it so they refunded my money . You would think they cared about the fact that the cards that are in the G boxes are the wrong cards ... I guess not ... ALWAY MAKE SURE THE PART # ON THE OUTSIDE MATCH THE PART THAT IS IN THE BOX !!! I GAVE UP AND BOUGHT IT SOMEWHERE ELSE .
 This rewiew is for rewriteable media only!These CD-RWs are very low quality . I have been using them for a year now and they are bad after erasing them 2-3 times on AVERAGE.There must be a reason why Fujifilm only produces 650MB and does not offer 700MB disks with phase-change medium ! -LRB- Fuji disks are my most dependable CD-R medium . -RRB- I have used them with multiple CD-writers , packet writing , UDF , digital-camera , the pocket version 210MB/24min and the full version 700MB/80min . The pocket version for my digital camera -LRB- CD-MAVICA -RRB- is loosing pictures -LRB- read-errors -RRB- after 2x erasing the discs . Generally I can not rewrite the discs or erase them with cdrecord after few times -LRB- MEDIUM ERROR -RRB- . Their ATIP information is as follows -LRB- so that you can distinguish them from other ` brands ' that use the same discs -RRB- : Manuf . index
 I have tried one hundred of these CD-RWs on three different burners -LRB- the first 50 were sent back to the manufacturer at my expense -RRB- . The results are as follows
 Do Not buy this brand . I have used Philips CD-RWs , they work pretty fine numerous writes and erases later.I bought these from J&R ; computers , I dont know How I will return these to them now , probably at my own expense . The question is not of money , I spent 3 full days in trying to figure out what 's wrong.I do n't know how Amazon still displays this when somebody does a search . Nobody should sell this product .
 If I could rate it a zero , I 'd rate it a -10 ! Stay away from these ! I 've saved files on over 100 of these . Everything seems fine until I try to retreive something out of them or remove a file . Then good luck trying to open it back up . It 'll say the disc is corrupt or can not be read at all . And I 've tried this on 3 computers . Same thing . Yes , you can imagine my fustration that only 5 discs had info . ARg !!! Please , stay away from these . You have better chance of saving your stuff hand writing it and taking months to file it than getting these to read anything!And please check your discs immediately after writing . Do n't wait till months to find out that your data is n't there.If you have to get these , copy your data somewhere else and write . Do n't cut them and lose them into the blackhole that is Memorex!They are everywhere but just because they 're everywhere and the cheapest out there , and have been around a fairly long time does n't mean they work . Please Memorex , how can you call these Cd-RWs ??? Wish I read all these reviews !
 At less than a dollar per frisbee , this is the best price I can find for frisbees . They do n't fly very well and they break relatively easily , but this is the best value I can find for 25 frisbees in one place.A lot of people are disappointed because they expect to be able to use these discs as rewritable CD media . The problem with that is , they do n't work very well for that either . I , too , tested this for myself.Using Nero Burning ROM , I tried many times to burn different kinds of data onto several of the discs - = AT 4X = - , just like you 're supposed to . IT WORKED ! It burned fine . Then it took 5 minutes to open a simple HTML document on the burned disc . Subsequent trials run with the `` Verify Written Data '' checkbox checked revealed that every other sector or so was unreadable after burning . It 's like writing with a white crayon , except this is white paper . This persisted on several OTHER computers with different CD burner drives and even different software.I finally realized what great frisbees these things are . Cheer up people
 I have been using these to backup data with a Roland VS-2400CD recorder which uses 1 to 4x media.When it came time to restore the data , I found out that EVERY SINGLE DISC I HAD BACKED UP ON THIS MEDIA WAS UNREADABLE ! I have over 30 of them.I tried them in the computer , with a Nero disc quality test , which came to 0 . Surface scan showed between 10 and 30 % defect accross all discs ! I also tried burning them on the computer , and the results were no better.These are the discs made by InfoDisc . As mentioned in another review , they are the worst . Sure , you can write on them , but do n't count on being able to read when you need to.Avoid at all costs !!!
 At less than a dollar per frisbee , this is the best price I can find for frisbees . They do n't fly very well and they break relatively easily , but this is the best value I can find for 25 frisbees in one place.A lot of people are disappointed because they expect to be able to use these discs as rewritable CD media . The problem with that is , they do n't work very well for that either . I , too , tested this for myself.Using Nero Burning ROM , I tried many times to burn different kinds of data onto several of the discs - = AT 4X = - , just like you 're supposed to . IT WORKED ! It burned fine . Then it took 5 minutes to open a simple HTML document on the burned disc . Subsequent trials run with the `` Verify Written Data '' checkbox checked revealed that every other sector or so was unreadable after burning . It 's like writing with a white crayon , except this is white paper . This persisted on several OTHER computers with different CD burner drives and even different software.I finally realized what great frisbees these things are . Cheer up people
 before i can actually burn on any of these cd-rw 's i have to do about five `` quick erases '' on BOTH of my cd-roms -LRB- does n't work if i try it even 20 times on just one cd-rom -RRB- , before that - gives plenty of writing errors . . plus - half of the cd-roms i tried to use these cd 's on refused to read them . . buy something else . . p.s. `` is it live or is it memorex ? '' the label states . . it is dead and it is memorex . .
 My computer is unable to read of burn theses disks in my CD-RW drive . Is it my computer or is it Memorex ?
 These are the worst CD-RW discs on the market . They are NOT rewritable and should be sold as CD-Rs . Look elsewhere as in any where else for rewritable discs .
 These should be taken off the market . Every single one of the discs was corrupt . Unreal .
 Macs ca n't recognize these disks . Though the pack contains a disk with CD-burning software only for PCs , nowhere on the package does it say the disks are for PCs only .
 This product worked perfectly until the very day the warenty ran out . After that it stoped working all togather . I was on the phone with tech support -LRB- long distance -RRB- for an hour before i was informed that i will have to send the hard drive back to them to have it repaired -LRB- shipping and repairs both at my expence -RRB- . 130 bucks may seem like a good deal but after all these expences it is more like 190 bucks . Not to mention all of the information that was on the hard drive is now lost .
 This drive is very unreliable . Backing up -LRB- copying -RRB- small number of files works ok ; however when trying to copy large number of files , Windows 2000 starts to report I/O errors . When this happens the drive light stays on continuously and the drive does not respond any longer.I will send it back and try to come up with some other back-up mechanism.SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 Please do not buy this device if you want to run it under Mac OS X - although it will work under Mac OS 8/9 , support for OS X is `` not planned '' according to their service representatives .
 I have had this drive for approximately 1.5 years and have kept various versions of the drivers . With some of the older drivers , I can get almost functional data backup , but with the most recent driver , I almost always lock up the drive after backing up 250 mBytes of data or so.My advice is to search for another product or try the Firewire product . I do not have experience with it , but after all the time I have spent attempting to get this drive to work reliably , I am sorry that I bought it . -- GOOD IDEA , BAD IMPLEMENTATION.Thanks
 I 'm happy with the drive except for a couple of significant problems .1 -RRB- It changes the logical letters of my CDROM and Zip Drive if I boot with the usb drive turned on .2 -RRB- Backup using the -LRB- included Retrospect does n't work -RRB- . I 'm using the Retrospect s/w that comes with the drive to do backups on my main HD -LRB- has about 4.5 GB of stuff -RRB- . Out of ten tries , the s/w has NOT successfully backed up my C drive once . I usually get
 6 gigabyte transfer takes over an hour on the fastest computer.Avoid .
 My 60GB is just dead . I lost all my files.Don ' t trust this product unless you want to lost your important files.Buslink technical support is a joke ! No one will even email you back .
 I bought this , installed the software over a dozen times , and it still would n't install . I called tech support four times in 2 hours & kept getting disconnected after holding for over 15 minutes each time . I then sent them an email demanding a call back right away , and they responded immediately . Tech support was very helpful , even though they were n't able to get it working on any of my computers .
 Sorry , that was about 1 hour per Gigabyte . No way this drive operates at even a tenth of its rated speed .
 I was all excited about this so I could start a Photo Library Separate from my actual Computer . I was installing this to use with a Gateway Solo 9300 LapTop that is just over 2 years old.I could not get this to install on my machine . I worked with Buslink , and they could not figure this out , and sent me back to Gateway . I installed this successfully onto another Gateway LapTop with no problems . Buslink did Not want to hear that and still did n't want to work through the problem so they sent me to Gateway . Needless to say it is on its way back.My Point ... . VERY POOR SUPPORT FROM BUSLINK ... LOOK ELSEWHERE
 I went ahead and spent the extra $ 500 bucks based on the Nikon reputation for a reliable quality product which could be used in the field for years to come . After a little over 6 months of pampered use , the autofocus on this lens just stopped working altogether for no apparent reason . Being the first Nikon product I have owned , I was not impressed . The image quality however was quite nice and very wide at 12mm . I never experienced any vignetting , but lots of flare when pointed anywhere near the sun . I got the auto focus fixed under warranty and ended up trading it in for a little over $ 500 dollars considered in EX + condition . So I 'm learning . I 'm done wasting my money on overpriced equipment . Unless you are independently wealthy or get free gear from Nikon I would get a Tokina or Sigma instead . If anything good comes out of this , it is that I used this lens in trade toward a Mamiya RB67 body and back , which looks like is going to be a lot of fun :-RRB- enjoy .
 I love Nikon lens but this one is a crack in Nikons armour ! This is a poorly built plastic lens ! , I would only buy this lens if I were a professional and it could be used as a write off on my taxes , I have compared the pic from this lens with the Tokina 12-24 and only blown up to 100 percent can you notice a difference and it is very small ! Buy the Tokina it is a well built lens with great optics !
 Get the Tokina 12-24mm f/4 for half the price . It 's rated sharper than the Nikon and built like a tank ! The Nikon lens is plastic .
 I bought this lens after much research and procrastination , it was expensive . I used it with my D80 and took several shots at with it over a weekend . The exposures were perfectly exposed , contrasty and saturated but simply NOT SHARP . Maybe it was the particular copy of the lens I got . I was disappointed and returned it . If you think you want this lens , carefully examine the return policy of the company you purchase it from , if it 's not from Amazon . Some of the Amazon retail sellers have a restocking fee of 15 % . At approximately $ 900 , the restocking fee will cost you a hefty $ 135 plus shipping if you change your mind .
 I found this device to be much harder to get used to than originally thought . The trackball was in an odd position which I did not find at all comfortable . I have fairly large hands and still found it difficult to use the buttons which were also very difficult to get used to . Most of all I missed having my scroll wheel in the middle . I have over the years become very accustomed to that feature and did not like the way this device works around this button . It was however sensitive with its tracking and felt comfortable except when I had to use it . It was also fairly easy to setup although WIN XP gave me a little trouble at first recognizing the drivers the device came with . Also the price I found was a bit high after using it which between the comfort and price along with my middle scroll wheel button earned its rating .
 Xircom modems seem to be reliable but have poor modem performance . It 's not unusual for the modem side of a Xircom Combo to refuse to connect above 28.8 kbs , even after all updated drivers and Firmware have been installed . I would avoid Xircoms if you are buying it for dial-up use , especially if you want to use it for dial-up use while traveling . There are better products available for less money .
 Not sure why sellers asking such big price on this trackball - it really costs like $ 15 and even less for make . It is made from the cheapest possible materials . I have purchased it for $ 20-25 year ago.I 'm really disappointed with quality of buttons in this mouse - never thought that Logitech will start to use such awful cheap button modules like Kensington does -LRB- my previous was Kensington mouse -RRB- in this mouse -LRB- Logitech using better buttons only in much more expensive mouses -RRB- - after year of use the left one button which is most important starts to making two clicks simultaneously ... The wheel-button here is also the cheapest possible which you can find on any chinese $ 1-5 mouse - it 's clanky , loud and impossible to use for precise moving pages . Better ones wheel-buttons Logitech as usual use only in much more expensive models.The problem with trackball here - it can be used only as ordinary mouse movements - i mean fast movements - it 's good for games , but for example - draw with this mouse is impossible as hell - especially impossible working in Photoshop - very cheap and bad optical sensor or i think the problem is in very big dots on the ball - it can handle fast movements , but precise movements - no-no . And Logitech could do here a very good trackball if would use here a much better optical sensor and smaller dots on the ball . Even Apple multitouch trackpad is 2-3 - times better in handle precise movements than this trackball - which is in fact an ordinary cheap mouse .
 Being a notebook computer-toting student , portability , functionality , and durability are three musts in any product I use . I initially purchased the Trackman Wheel Optical to replace my Logitech Marble Mouse , which had been decomissioned because I played bouncee-bouncee with it too many times on the classroom linoleum floor.When I first got the Trackman Wheel , I was very impressed with the level of conformity to the shape of my hand , bested later by another of Logitech 's products , the MX510 -LRB- see my review there -RRB- . However , two large problems began to present themselves during the first three weeks of service . The first is that after using the trackball for over 30 minutes , my thumb would get increasingly twitchy and defeated the preciseness that is so touted by trackballs . It was almost as bad as the `` ball '' mouse I used with my 386 back in 1993 -LRB- remember those days ? -RRB- Herky-jerky cursor -LRB- or cursing ? -RRB- akimbo!The second problem was with the scroll wheel . After the second week of using it , I found the wheel slipping , meaning I would roll it down one notch , and the screen refused to scroll . This was much wasted effort on the part of my middle finger . -LRB- No joke intended -RRB- With these two problems , I decided to get rid of my Trackman Wheel and replaced it with new Logitech mice , the Optical Mouse for Notebooks for travel , and the much-vaunted MX510 for home use . The trackball fetish was over .
 Expected delivery date was 8/13/10 . It is now 8/25/10 and the USPS site says out for delivery . Ca n't get help from either site . Will never use USPS again . I 'll give two more days -LRB- for two weeks -RRB- and request a charge back on my card . Ca n't find anywhere else on Amazon for help either , so I 'll make sure I order from somewhere else as well .
 This is much better than the Optical Marble trackball.However , the form is not as good as those from the Kensington.To be more comfortable , the finger portion should be less cursive.I think Logitech is not good at making comfortable trackball.Most Logitech trackball lovers seem to be new users of trackball.If you compare it with Kensingtons ' , then you will find out what are better.The software for this is not good . With Kensington 's software , the buttons can be used as usual and be used with modifier keys . Well , the Logitech 's software seems to work like that at first , but it 's not really . -LRB- With Mac version -RRB- The advanced click mode for using the buttons with modifier keys just let you use it with modifier keys and as a predefined simulated buttons , like 1 ~ 5 . But you ca n't assign that button 1 ~ 5 what they should do.This H/W itself is good . But the s/w is not.I recommend Kensington 's Orbit trackball for its ergonomic design , good H/W , and better S/W . Do n't erase my post , administrator.People need more frank review . Not `` Evey prodducts are good . ''
 On the scale of mens body frames I am in the small category , yet this trackball is still too small for my hand . I need a trackball for my work , and since using this one several weeks ago I have started developing capal tundral symptoms . Also , the picture is deceiving . It shows a silver trackball , but when I got it in the mail it was gray and red -LRB- not quite as cool looking -RRB- . The trackball is way too small to be a comfortable fit for a grown up male . I guess less plastic makes it more cost effective -LRB- cheap -RRB- . Anyway , it needs a complete redesign . The trackball gets stuck sometimes because of dirty build up but there is no way to take the trackball out to clean it . I have an older Logitech trackball which works great and is very ergonomic , but they do not sell that one anymore .
 This mouse is terrible . There are no back and forward buttons for surfing the web . The trackball is extremely annoying . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I bought this trackball after my Microsoft Explorer Mouse went bad about two months ago . My wife wanted to try a trackball and I had always been curious.I liked it at first but I found I had trouble clicking on buttons . When I would push the primary button I would almost always pull my thumb over at the same time and roll the cursor off the button.Then I started noticing the little ` hitches ' in the ball movement -- especially when moving to the left . Those hitches became more and more obvious , until it became almost a constant drag . Eventually , the ball became too difficult to move without strain.I ended up hating this mouse and now I love my new Microsoft Explorer Mouse.Add to that Logitech 's almost non-existent support and you have my review .
 This mouse is simply too big to work properly for smaller hands.If you are a woman and have small hands , do n't wast your money . Do n't buy this product
 Wish I had another of the earlier model - this one is a pain to use.My biggest complaint is my middle finger keeps inadvertently pressing the right key.I like moving the ball with my index finger and the earlier model had a smaller ball .
 I needed a mouse alternative . This item has a major flaw . The track ball is slippery and to light . I lack a lot of precision that I would get with track ball with a grip coating . I need to press hard on the ball to get it working and the motion is not fluid . I do not like this item .
 I like the design and idea behind the mouse . Unfortunately , I feel like the track ball is a little too light as it 's lacking a solid weight to keep a steady mouse pointer . I have noticed this with several people using it .
 This is a poor imitation of Logitech 's original -LRB- and high quality -RRB- Trackman Marble Wheel . Despite using the same ball and mounting scheme , they decided that they could make this new version without a ring to remove the ball for cleaning . I loved my old Trackman , even though I had to clean it every few days ; I keep my hands clean , but I used it an awful lot . Less than a week after I bought two of these new Trackmans -- one for home and one for office -- I 've had to tear them open to clean them to restore the ball action to a smoother out-of-the-box feel . Another problem is that the mouse wheel and right button are badly placed and do not correspond to normal 3 button mouse finger placement like the original did . Finally , a lesser issue of taste is that the mouse wheel roll is too discrete . It 's nice that it 's not completely smooth and featureless , but there 's a little too much resistance/feedback .
 I went looking to buy another one of my old style white Trackman Marble Plus type of 2 button trackballs with roller like my 804335-000 , the style of which is a few years old . What I found was that they now only sell the gray slightly smaller Trackman Wheel Optical # 904353-0403 -LRB- and 804360-1000 -RRB- , and I dont like the design . The buttons are too close together , and the buttons are too close to the ball . The roller itself is also too close to the ball , and so the middle finger can not easily manipulate the roller without arching the finger considerably more than with the older style . The buttons of the old design were a fingers width apart each , but on the new design , the buttons are less than a fingers width apart . It seems Logitech designed the new trackman to be used with 2 fingers instead of 3 fingers , even though they count the roller as a 3rd button.The older trackball device overall was wider/longer and fit my hand better , the new trackball device seems to be made for small people , perhaps non-adults . The height of the old device was low and allowed the hand to not slip off easily , where as the new trackball has a steeper slope to its sides , and it takes more effort to keep ones hand on top . I actually fear I will succumb to carpal tunnel syndrome if I continue to use the new product . I agree with the other review that posted similar to mine , I love the old style , it was the best design out there . I would not buy the new style , I would tell others to try to find the older wider/longer white with red roller Trackman Marble Wheel or Trackman Marble Plus design for sale somewhere .
 I bought this to replace my nearly-worn-out Logitech TrackMan Marble + and I was sorely disappointed -- it is now being returned . First , Logitech no longer proves driver support and users are forced to install their SetPoint software . SetPoint has serious installation issues with both PS/2 and WinXp SP3 . It refused to install the necessary software to program the mouse , demanding that it be installed in a USB port instead -- not ideal if your ports are already overloaded and the USB option is sluggish . Secondly , the mousewheel function was intermittent , refusing to work half the time with Firefox and several PC games . The third and final strike came with the deep bruise and severe pain created by the new `` ergonomic '' design of this mouse . I am a small woman and the sharp edge and high lift of the new shape cut into my thumb muscle and the sensitive pressure point on my palm no matter how I tried to shift my hand . I still need a thumb-ball type of mouse , but this one is n't it , and from what I 'm reading on the tech forums , Logitech as a whole is n't worth it anymore .
 I got this mouse because of the numerous positive reviews on it and previous good experience with Logitech mice ... but ... this is one time I will have to disagree with them . This is the worst mouse I have ever used , by far . I thought I could get used to it ... I didnt ! It becomes uncomfortable for my thumb after extended use and I have to make more passes over the ball than normal to get the cursor from one side of the screen to the other . I already have the Logitech Marble Mouse and that is a good mouse which is comfortable to use , but that one is missing the scroll function , so I wanted to upgrade . Guess ill have to try something else cause this one just isnt for me . : -LRB- Additionally , I had my wife try it out on her computer because I figured if she liked it I wouldnt have to send it back . I also didnt allude to the exact problems that I had with it so I could get her honest opinion . In retrospect , my hands are large and hers are small . She has the same exact complaint ... that the ball of the mouse has `` too small of a stroke '' to move the cursor efficiently , i.e. , you have to use your thumb way more than you should have to , to move the cursor . Thanks for reading !
 I go through about 1 of these a month . The problem is , I play a game that I need to press the right mouse button down a lot of the time . If you look how this mouse is constructed , the only thing springing up the mice buttons from engaging is the memory of cheap plastic . After a month , there is no spring in the right button and my right button commands `` stick '' . At $ 30 minimum , this is a horrible value for me . Yet it 's the best trackball I can find . A tad more build quality and it would be great , now it 's just frustrating .
 I do n't like the way the right button works , when I go to click to click on the left button my fingers click on both buttons -LRB- Its a physical reaction -RRB- I 've had a logitech trackball FX for years and loved it but I will pass on this one hope the grandson likes it .
 I 've been using this mouse for a month now and I do n't like it.It 's very inexact and it feels cheap to the touch.The track ball is kinda bouncing its socket.I also keep pressing the right click button all the time when I want to left click . It 's very annoying .
 I purchased this trackball to finally replace my aging Logitech Trackman Marble with a newer one . I have a Trackman Marble + -LRB- with a scroll wheel -RRB- at work , and I love it . The one I have at home does not have a scroll wheel , so I thought it was finally time to upgrade.Unfortunately , this next generation of Logitech 's ingenious thumb-operated trackball does not live up to the promise of its predecessor . They have made it both taller and narrower , neither of which are positive changes for people with anything but the smallest hands . And in an effort to keep up with the foolish decisions coming from Microsoft , they chose to provide translucent windows around the ball itself , allowing the red laser light to escape and light up the entire room.Overall , I can not recommend this device . I do however strongly recommend the earlier rendition , if you can find one .
 Mac users
 I do n't care if this trackball is made out of gold , who would pay $ 220 for a trackball ? Do you spend $ 10,000 on a laptop ?
 If the reason you buy a trackball is for ergonomic reasons -LRB- you have sore wrists , repetitive motion disorder , or whatever -RRB- DO NOT buy a trackball that is driven by your thumb . BAD IDEA ! I did and my thumb started getting sore after about three months of using it . Get the trackball that is driven by your fingers , so you do n't have to move your fingers at all .
 I was looking forward to using this thing because of the glowing reviews it received . I could n't have been more disappointed ! What a painful -LRB- for my thumb -RRB- imprecise and annoying thing this is . It 's almost impossible to point it as accurately as a mouse , it 's useless for gaming and my wrist is actually MORE tired than with my old mouse because of the constant thumb action . I would give it ZERO stars if I could !
 I currently use trackball to manipulate graphics 8 hours a day six days a week . I 've recently developed wrist pain so I decided to change to a trackball that would use different fingers for the functions . I have done this before with the Logitech Trackman -LRB- the one with the teal ball -RRB- and the results were quite satisfactory . But it was n't optical and the spring-loaded metal directors have worn out . So I assumed that Logitech 's newest optical trackball would be a sure-fire solution . It was not . I set up the software and set all of the options -LRB- I know how to do this -RRB- and fine-tuned them again and again . The result was totally unacceptable . This trackball is so inaccurate that even when expanding graphics to 200 % it is almost impossible to click on a single pixel .
 The ergonomics of this trackball are just plain awful . The design fails to accommodate left handed users and the Kensington Orbit Trackball with Scroll Ring is far superior . A trackball is for ease of usage and should be centrally placed for a good reason , Logitech has a total dud here . I gave them feedback , but no response , of course.Buy a decent trackball rather than this joke , please , the earlier Marble Mouse from Logitech is far superior , but Kensington easily beats it .
 This item is about two years old now , it was used on a laptop the whole time . It failed slightly after the two year mark because right where it plugs in at is not re-enforced at the connector and tends develop a open in the wiring where it flexes often . This is a poor design feature by Logitech . You can find `` refurbished '' ones identical to this one all over the internet because they all develop this problem due to faulty cable . I do not know if Logitech ever fixed this problem or not . It involving replacing the defective cable from the plug leading into the mouse . I did this to mine and it is back working as it originally did new . Logitech had to know this was a problem and yet mass produced and sold these , shame on them .
 I have bough serveral of these mice . The are good mice with accurate movement and everything one could ask for . . . except once extremely important problem
 I decided to try a trackball because my right arm has a slight pain after extended use of a laptop . I decide to try this one because its good reviews and low price . After one night 's use , I decided to return it because of two problems .1 . It is not really ergonomic . The thumb is good at sweeping the ball in a left to right motion , but it is very tiresome to move the ball in a up-down motion . I found that I need to move the thumb too many times in order to move the cursor downward cross the screen . I ca n't add too much acceleration , because the control is already imprecise without any acceleration . Yes , some reviewer said you can spin the ball if you want to move quickly , but I found that I have to jerk my thumb in order to give the ball some momentum . I noticed how much tension is on the tendons and muscles of the thumb . Also the finger 's end is too curved , so the fingers need to work harder to push or hold the buttons . It puts quite some strain on both the index finger and the thumb if you want to drag something in a downward motion .2 . The ball is very imprecise to control . The bearings are not rollers , so what they put on the ball is not rolling resistance . There is quite some friction . This makes the ball hitch . It is very difficult to move the cursor in small distances even if you use the index finger instead of the thumb . It does this even when it is new . This is a major problem in my perspective as a normal user . For example , I found it very hard to select text in a browser if the selection starts with a narrow letter like `` I '' and is at the beginning of a line , because you only have two or three pixels to miss . It will be more tricky if you do graphic design I believe.After using it for one night , I found that I like the touchpad on my laptop much better . I 'm going to return it .
 Purchased this Trackman in September 2009 after having many logitech products that were wonderful . This trackman came with the marble ball loose in the socket and there are no adjustments . This makes accurate placement of the cursor almost impossible . I have contacted Logitech several times in an attempt to get it replaced or repaired with no response . Wait times on phone calls is always 10 minutes or more . I have sent two emails with no response . Although Logitech has been wonderful in the past I would purchase something else until they get their quality control back to an acceptable level .
 Do n't get this thinking that it will save your wrist/hands . It has no forward/back buttons , so you end up moving the cursor around a lot more than with a regular mouse that has forward/back buttons.I own this trackball , yet it was so limited that I put it away in favor of a mouse with lots of buttons . I 've taken it out a couple of more times thinking that it * must * be worthwhile , but it is n't -- I spend too much time moving the mouse around just to `` Go Back '' in the browser , or in Windows Explorer . The Marble Mouse trackball by Logitech is much nicer than this `` Trackman '' model . It has a different shape , but has small forward and back buttons , in addition to trackball and regular left and right mouse buttons.The Marble Mouse is better for these reasons : * Has forward and back buttons * Can be used both LEFT - and right-handed . If your right hand is hurting , consider trying the Razer mice . I 've tried a LOT of different products , looking for something easy on the hands , and the Razer Lachesis is one that I found has these advantages : * Has forward/back buttons * Can be used left - or right-handed * Has a wheel -LRB- like other good mice -RRB- * Several other buttons , which stay out of the way if not needed , but can be programmed to do more than just forward/back * Has very SLICK pads , so it moves very easily * Can be made to move far with very little movement -LRB- This is good if you have more than one large display . It can be put in low-resolution mode with a button press . -RRB- * Lightweight -LRB- Requires less effort to move around . -RRB- I have n't written a Razer review , but probably should . I just saw this Trackman in passing and just HAD to warn others . It gets pretty good reviews which led me to purchase it in the first place a couple of years back . If there were any reviews like this one , I sure missed them . I have n't tried everything , yet , so there 's probably something even better than my current mouse , or the Marble Mouse trackball . Which reminds me ... I use the Cordless Optical Trackman and use it daily on a Mac . It works flawlessly on Windows , but jitters at higher acceleration settings on the Mac . Still , I 've found * no * better trackball , because it : * is wireless * has forward/back buttons -LRB- essential -RRB- * has a couple of other programmable buttons * has page up/down buttons -LRB- tiny and awkwardly placed -RRB- * has a scroll wheel -LRB- Note
 I used the original until one day while cleaning it I lost one of the ball bearings . The original was awesome . Sure , it had to be cleaned from time to time but the ball spun easily , the cord was long , and most days it worked so flawlessly you just forgot about it . So since the original would catch without the ballbearing , I decided it was time to get the newer optical version.Ugh.My first one had dyslexia . Up would go down and vice-versa . Logitech was nice enough in sending a replacement but after a few months this one catches almost worse than my original without the ball bearing ! Only the trackball does n't come out so you ca n't manually clean it . Very frustrating and I 'm currently looking for a new solution . If this trackball will be your daily driver do n't expect the legendary reliability of the previous models . This one will only disappoint .
 I ordered this item because I had been using an older model that become defective , but now I wish that I had chosen a regular mouse . This model has a scroling wheel that rubs and irritates the index finger when you use the left button.Also , this wheel which serves as the double click button , is hard to operate . Since I had already opened the CD , -LRB- which was not really needed -RRB- I could not return the item . I will have to go to the regular mouse , even though I have limited space for it .
 I love trackballs , and tried this one because my hand fit it well . But I found that I can not get used to having the trackball under my thumb -- it 's excruciatingly awkward . Obviously YMMV -- many reviewers here like it.Plus having used Kensington trackballs for a long time , I find that this ball is too small and does not roll as smoothly as I 'm accustomed to . Unfortunately Kensington 's current main model has other problems , which I 've reviewed there . And the new Logitech which has the ball in the right place only comes cordless , which I 'd rather not have to deal with.Edward -- I see the brevity of truth . --
 This review is for a trackball , not a mouse with a ball.I have been using a trackball for years because computers are easier to manage when my hand does not have to move a mouse around , and the trackball can be manipulated fixed in place , without a mouse pad , I might add . Unfortunately there are fewer and fewer real trackballs available . The mice made with a ball are not really the same as a trackball.My new computer does not have a PS2 port , and my Trackman Marble FX does not have a USB connector . So , I bought a new trackball with the USB interface , and here is my experience with Logitech 's Trackman Wheel Optical : For years , as a right-handed user , I have been using their TrackMan Marble FX where the ball is placed for use by the right index finger . This arrangement it far superior to a ball that 's placed for use by the thumb , as is the case with this Trackman Wheel Optical . The thumb is needed for clicking the left button , not for moving the ball.Apparently I am not the only complainer about this change . My Trackman Marble FX is not made any more , and I have seen used ones offered for no less than 200 + dollars . I wish Logitech would reconsider their marketing strategy and re-issue the very good Trackman Marble FX in a USB2 version in its original 30-40 dollar range ; maybe even wireless .
 I have trackballs on every computer in the house . They are n't optical like this one , but I wish they were . No more cleaning!But I ca n't for the life of me operate this one like the others . I am used to the index finger moving the ball and the thumb doing the clicking , so I am constantly fighting this thing ! Plus my thumb does n't have the range of motion that my finger does , so it is n't as easy or as quick to move as the other kind!The part that really gets me though , is that my little finger and ring finger goes to sleep and then I get pins and needles!Maybe you can get used to it , but I wo n't ! Will be replacing this thing ASAP .
 I remember back when the ball had some mass . On this newest model the ball is so light it 's too easy to work . How is that a problem for me ? I wanted to get away from mousing on my desk . Having used the older model before I was looking forward to that familiarity . I feel it is easier to control and develop a feel for something that gives you feedback , that let 's you feel something as you work with it , not just skate away.They have gone the way of most everyone else , cheapen it up and sell it for the old price . Sorry , it is n't for me .
 I 'm sure this product like most everything Logitech produces is a good fit for alot of people . It just did n't work for me . I found it awkard to use and I did n't like it .
 I 've been using trackballs for decades now , but this was my first thumb activated trackball . I suppose they are fine if that 's what you are used to , but I hated it . It just took too much effort to move the pointer across the screen . Not to mention that with a normal trackball I have three fingers I can use to move the trackball instead of just a thumb .
 I am a regular PC user , who spends 4-8 hours per work day on my computer . I experienced repetitive-use-injury tingling in my wrist after using a `` regular '' mouse for years , but once I purchased this one , the tingling and night-time numbness went away ! However , I am very sad to say that this mouse `` died '' after 7 months . It is a bit too pricey to be so `` disposable . '' Terrible .
 I am kind of disappointed with this product considering the great reviews I read before purchasing it . I had a Logitech stationary trackball mouse in 2001 that I loved but this one is no where nearly as good . Another reviewer mentions that the weight of the trackballs have been a lot lighter in the recent models . That is exactly what is wrong with this product . When you roll the ball with your thumb it tends to bounce around within its socket instead of rolling smoothly . The older trackball mouse I had was very smooth and had a much heavier ball.I am a web designer and like to work quickly so adapting to this mouse has n't been easy . But I am getting used to it so it is n't horrible . It helps with wrist pain and is functional but it definitely is not a 4 or 5 star product .
 was easy to set up but does n't work properly keeps freezing up when trying to move the cursor around and have to wait a long time for it to start working again or shake the whole mouse . Not worth the money even if it is cheaply priced !!
 Very convenient mouse . Why would you want to move your wrist/arm when you can do it all , and more precisely , with your thumb ? The scroll wheel doubles as zoom in games like Spore . Ball rolls smoothly on three jeweled ? bearings . Easy to clean with a few wipes of a cue tip . MTBF of the button microswitches based on my experience is several years . -LRB- error in `` stars '' rating . I rated 4 or 5 stars on all categories -RRB-
 I have been using the `` white '' optical trackball since they came out , I think in 1998 or so . The `` old '' size was a perfect fit for the hand , but the new size is just too small . My hand cramps up after about an hour of use ; I would actually rather use a mouse than this little thing . Also , the trackball does not appear to be removable for cleaning as the white one was -LRB- and it needs it about once a week -RRB- . If you are thinking of replacing your old white one with one of these think twice , I was sure disappointed and am hunting down old white ones . . Scott LeeCAD engineer
 I do CAD work and was wanting to see what others felt were good input devices . I saw quite a few posts from users who highly regarded trackballs . After reading the many positive reviews for the Trackman Wheel I decided to give it a try . It did n't take more than a minute for me to realize the reason why you do n't find trackball devices dominating the mouse displays in retail outlets . Getting the cursor to traverse the display requires two to four movements of the ball with the thumb . Analyzing the mechanics involved , it is more efficient to have the ball roll on the desk than to have to move it with your fingers . One sweep of the hand can give several rotations of the ball when it rolls on the desk whereas with the ball inverted , the fingers are required to provide all the rotation of the ball which obviously requires much more physical input from the user . Combine those manipulations of the trackball with your other fingers for the buttons and scroll wheel and you will quickly feel stress in your hand as the fingers and thumb strain to coordinate the cursor movements.CAD users commonly use 2 or more monitors . For me to get the cursor to traverse between two monitors required several thumb movements on the trackball , in contrast to a single sweep my wrist with a conventional mouse . To pan in the drawing window I have to press and hold the scroll wheel while moving the mouse cursor . To zoom the view in or out requires rolling the scroll wheel . With the trackball these movements require rolling or holding the scroll wheel button down with the middle or index finger while moving the trackball with the thumb . This is an unnatural and awkward movement for the hand and quickly leads to fatigue . Also to draw lines I have to hold down the left mouse button while moving the cursor with my thumb and at the same time pressing or rolling the middle scroll wheel to pan and zoom to place the end point of the line . Coordinating all those manipulations between the thumb and fingers is stressful to the hand . With a conventional mouse the cursor movement is controlled by the wrist , leaving the thumb naturally relaxed and the fingers free to manipulate the buttons and scroll wheel.I am not criticizing the quality or functionality of the Trackman Wheel mouse but I do not recommend a trackball for CAD work .
 This mouse just did n't work for me , and I had to send it back . It feels comfortable , but when you move the wheel instead of the mouse to move the cursor , you can only move it so far , and then you have to lift your thumb and put it back at the starting point to move it some more . In other words , the movement ca n't be a sweep from one place to another .
 I have this trackball mouse that I bought a few years ago for about $ 40.00 . It 's a great product , but unless this mouse has features that mine does n't -LRB- and from the description , it does n't -RRB- the price that 's being asked is totally outrageous .
 I bought this mouse at Best Buy - actually for less than what Amazon was selling it . Go figure . It was the only trackball they had . It was to replace my beloved Logitech Trackman Marble Mouse - the one with the ball in the middle in which you use your index finger to rotate the ball , not your thumb , like this one.While I 've always thought the thumb quite an anatomical achievement in human evolution , it still does not have the steadiness and dexterity of the index finger and therein lied the frustration and inability to control the mouse 's direction on the page in the effortless way I was able to when using my index finger . I felt like I had nervous disorder when using this mouse as it does not have the accurate movability for me when using my thumb.I know this mouse got great reviews , that 's why it was purchased . But it turned out to be ergonomically inferior to my previous trackball . Others apparently love it so I know I 'm in the minority here of disappointed users .
 Bought the ` suggested package ' . I guess that will teach me . The Canopus came with the dual 6 pin fire wire , and did n't even need this wire . I suspect that I paid more than I should have for this wire also . I guess it 's a live and learn situation . jason
 This cable was supposed to replace my 3ft cable between my Buffalo external Firewire RAID and my Toshiba Laptop running Windows 7 , Ubuntu 10.04 and Mac OS 10.6.4 . In none of the OSes this cable could establish connectivity . Plugging any of my other 3ft cables in established connectivity right away.I do not have any other devices to connect with this cable , but I am pretty sure that I am not dealing with a length issue here . If the cable was too long for the voltage I think my FW HD would at least be somewhat visible to any my OSes , instead of complete silience.So I need to classify this Belkin cable as defective right out-of-the-box and am returning it . Am ordering this one now insteadhttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002PRE1XI/sr=1-18/qid=1279431265/ref=olp_product_details?ie=UTF8&me;=&qid;=1279431265&sr;=1-18&seller;=
 Nice cable but it does not fit my late model macbook pro . It may fit the older macbooks.The description needs to be changed .
 Wrong parts for what I ordered it for and they said it was the off brand and it sure was ! I would have returned if it were worth my time and effort to do so !
 This product was for an OLD apple computer ... when I bought it , I had to purchase an extension for it to fit into the new Apple computer . I did n't return it as I had already sent to overseas to my grandson .
 When I connected this cable to my camera and computer , the computer did not recognize my camcorder . I bought a second cable from Office Depot for $ 31.00 and it worked fine
 I bought this to transfer Mini DV Video from my camera to an IMAC and the cable does not fit . Maybe this is my fault but my research indicated this was the cable I needed .
 I ordered this product as a replacement to my desktop setup -LRB- migrating a DIGI002 to my laptop -RRB- . Upon arrival , I noticed that the metal piece that covers the 4 pin and connects to the laptop is completely missing from the chord . Unsure if this was done on purpose and thinking the metal piece maybe in the packaging , I open it up to find nothing but the chord itself . So , needless to say , this product was purposely boxed up with a visible defect and can not be returned because I opened it with optimism .
 The item costs $ 9 but they will charge you $ 16 shipping and handling . When I complained to Amazon they said I can return the merchandise but shipping and handling is not refundable . This Technology Galaxy will rip you off in a heart beat . I would give them a minus zero rating if there was a star for that in the rating system .
 Well , here we go with part two of my previous review on USB cables . I bought two cables hoping one would fit both the Panasonic Camcorder & the computer . I want to transfer content of DVC tapes into editing software on computer . The Belkin Cable IEEE1394 cable with USB willnot fit into my computer USB ports . The Black plastic insulation around the USB end of cable makes it too small . . I should have gone by my first impulse of NOT to buy this.The photo close up shows the black coating . However the other end fits my camcorder PV-GS80 Model , which in itself is a miracle . The first cord I bought the was the USB 2.0 A to 5 Pin Mini B Cable - this cable fits USB port , but will not fit the camera . Does ANYONE know where I can get a cable that will actually fit Camera & USB in computer , w/o having to fork over un-necessary extra money just to buy this cable from Panasonic?Does anyone know if there is an adapter to fit Belkin USB end of cable ? Sure would love to transfer tape content ...
 I purchased this firewire cable to sync my Sony camera to my MacBookPro . The Sony was not recognized by my Mac . As I do not have any alternate electronics w/firewire output , I do not know if it is a cable problem or incompatibility between Sony/Apple .
 do you really want to buy it ... It 's a 4 to 6pin connector.I bought it by mistake for my handycam and later found out that i need a 4 to 4 pin connector .
 It does n't work with my cannon hv30 like someone told me it would , I 'm sure it 's a great product , but now I have to shell out another wad of cash for the right cord !
 Ok unit but is not a `` real '' Xircom ; no support for DOS or ghost drivers . Good choice for the basics but not a business class unit . I 'm returning it and buying a Realport Unit .
 I had high hopes for this modem , Creative labs is a name I trust , being the same people who created the Sound blaster line of soundcards . Alas , this modem simply did not work . It is a V90 modem , but it doesnt act like one . Every blue moon I was able to actually connect to the internet using it , and when I did the connections always were around 33,333 bps - nothing fantastic . After hours of frustrating attempts , including checking and rewiring some of my homes phone lines , I ended up removing it this modem , putting my old one back in , and then proceeded to get consistent , very fast , first dial attempt connections that averaged around 48,000 bps.Maybe it just wasnt built for Windows ME -LRB- even though my computer acknowledged its presence and functioning status -RRB- , maybe its simply outdated . Regardless , save your money for something more functional and up to date . - Already V92 protocol is becoming the new standard of dial up modems ; if your buying a new modem anyway , may as well get the latest technology . I 'd rate this modem a negative three stars , but the rating system doesnt go that low .
 While this modem gives good speed after it connects , it wo n't connect without multiple attempts . The on-line help is brain-dead . This is a bad product , buy ANYTHING else . I tried multiple ISPs , multiple phone lines , multiple OS 's , multiple platforms ... the thing just sucks .
 It seems odd that this CD-RW drive is still on the market , as it is rather slow for today 's demands . The Adaptec software that shipped with my drive had some sort of conflict , which made it impossible to record music . Fortunately , Pacific Digital customer service worked with me and got me NTI CD-Maker , which worked well enough for burning CDs but not as well for printing labels . Once everything is up and running , putting together a disk is fairly straightforward , albeit time consuming for music CDs . The end result is great
 I spent 3 hours trying to install this product on my Toshiba laptop . Finally gave up and decided to send it back ... I find MP3 players are still too new and have lots of bugs to be worked out . So for now I am planning to buy a CD burner and use my trustee CD player instead . Save your time and money .
 I got this as a Christmas present , the person that bought it for me did so because she thought Rio was a good brand for MP3 Players . Out of the package you can tell its not the best , brittle plastic , -LRB- One drop and its finished for good -RRB- , you can press in a bit on one of the sides and feel the plastic give a bit . Setup was a bit of a hassle , DO NOT USE MOODLOGIC.It would not detect the player at all , after installation it gave me a notice of an upgrade , I upgraded it and shortly after it gave me and error message . It would n't work afterwards and when I closed it , the program performed an illegal operation . -LRB- This is after uninstalling and installing it again * 3 -RRB- -LRB- My OS Win98 -RRB- The Real One Player was easy to use . Drag and drop is nice.The Sound Quality of the intial download to the player was great , the second download there was noticeable high pitch chirps and squeaks where there should n't be any.The manual that comes with the player is overly simplistic -LRB- It will tell you how to put the battery in , where to plug it into your PC and that 's it . -RRB- My recommendation is not to buy the RIO one , in my opinion this product would sell best as a 10 dollar disposable MP3 player , then the quality would n't be so questionable . Save your money and get something that will last . 80-100 dollars for this means you are being nice and donating money to the company . For maybe from the looks of it a month or two less than outstanding performance , is 50 - 40 dollars a month .
 Ok , I bought this product and it was working fine for a while as long as I was only playing run-a-tha-mill basic MP3z . The WMA experience was somewhat less consistant , with some tracks not playing all together , after a certain point . I could not ascertain if it was the encoding of the particular files or the player that was the issue . The player worked fine with a 128 mb smart media card I bought also , until one day it could n't boot with the card anymore , but booted without it . Tech support told me to go try out the card in another player , suggesting I go to a store and use one of their units to test my memory . Yeah right . Their lack of good advice forced me to figure the problem out myself , performing a tricky operation of loading firmware without the card , then putting it in , then unplugging it from my computer and letting the firmware re-formatt the card . It worked for about another month . Now it will not boot at all , with or without a memory card ! I bought this product to be durable . I bought it to take my music with me . Now it reminds me of a Dodge truck because it is really `` like a rock . `` Buyer beware ! I know the price is enticing . I know it looks good . However , YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET ! YOU DO N'T WANT A PET ROCK ! YOU WANT AN MP3 PLAYER ! GO GET A JOB AND SPEND YOUR -LSB- MONEY -RSB- ON A REAL PLAYER !!! Check out some of Rio 's other stuff , or just shop around but avoid this ONE .
 Words can not describe the frustration I have right now after trying for six hours to get this thing hooked up to my computer . I was on the phone with one of their tech reps for over an hour as well , and he finally gave up . It 's a problem with the drivers ... I can not believe that any company in America could put out such a shoddy product with such weak documentation ... -LRB- The rep , though he could n't help me , did try , so they 'll get a small point for that . But do n't waste your time , buy something good ...
 I 'll keep this short - this product is terrible . This was my first foray into a portable , and I went with the Rio name because I recognized it as one of a few industry leaders . I was mistaken . This product simply did not work - and I even exchanged it for another ... and that did n't work either . The software was shoddy and inconsistent , - and when I did get it to work for a day it had unbelievably poor sound quality -LRB- a la the hissing you hear in the background that other reviewers have mentioned -RRB- . Bottom line - this is a poorly designed and manufactured product , with incredibly bad website and customer support . Buy something else - like the Nomad IIc - it actually works and you 'll be up and running in literally minutes .
 The RIO One was a free bonus for purchasing Windows XP at Best Buy . Unfortunately , the drivers for the unit are not that XP friendly . The software included is an older version of real jukebox . It locks or hangs XP from time to time where the machine can not be shut down , just shut off . If running XP do not buy this unit until fresh updated software is availble . The low rating is because of the lack of up to date software .
 I thought that all those reviews talking about humming could not be true . I mean , this is a very well known player.However as soon as I started using it I discovered that was true . The humming is very annoying . The sound scale of this RIO is from 1 to 20 , and unless the volume is higher than 8 you will hear that noise.I hope the Nomad is better than this . I 'll return mine and get the Nomad .
 As mentioned here -LRB- reference to ungrounded phone is very accurate -RRB- , the humming noise really distracts what might be a good beginner mp3 player . Sound quality -LRB- above the hum -RRB- is fairly good and although not feature laden with an inexpensive 128MB smart media card , you can have a 160M player much cheaper then 128MB products . I got this free after rebate with a windows XP promotion but I would not buy it for any price . The humming is that bad and the manufacturer must be fully aware of it and it is totally unacceptable . Funny thing is from reading reviews from CNET , the people love this player but I do n't understand why they 're not hearing what we 're hearing .
 I got a RIO ONE Free with the purchase of WIN XP only to discover that they are incompatible . There is no driver for XP , and after sending three e-mails to technical support at sonic blue , I still have not received a response . Now I know why it was free : - -LRB-
 I also recieved the Rio one free along with Windows XP , it worked great untill 3 hours later I loaded XP , and well I should have thought ahead cause now its just a christmas present for some else who has n't upgraded there computer yet . I 've emailed support too many times to count , but all they say is to either downgrade my operating system -LRB- which is n't possible with XP so they obviously do n't know what the 're talking about -RRB- , or to try taking the battery out and trying again -LRB- its a software problem though , not a physical problem -RRB- . If you 're going to get a computer loaded with XP , stay away from this player .
 I , too , was lured by the low price and expandibility of this item . However , like the electronics fan from Connecticut , I had to buy a second unit . Now , the second unit is flashing `` USB '' . It 's as if the internal memory card needs to be reprogrammed or re-initialized . Unfortunately , SONICBLUE 's CUSTOMER SUPPORT -LRB- ... -RRB- !!!! Who wants to wait 20 + minutes on a long-distance call ? Their online support -LRB- ... -RRB- as well.Basically , their poor service is great advertising for Creative Labs , as I will probably order their Nomad IIC.I learn another lesson with this product -- You get what you pay for .
 I was first happy with the player , but soon my happines turned into anger , when the recorded music had distortions , mostly in high frequency range , like a short squeal . My annoyance only increased , when the battery compartment lid under the pressure of the spring -LRB- below the battery -RRB- broke the small hooks holding the lid . Such as a costumer service or technical support does n't exist , it is inpossible to contact via e-mail or phone.The only good things are the push-buttons , they have a good design , the body is light , but the display is primitive . Today we can find on the market for the same price much better and more sophisticated units . I do n't recommed the Rio One for buy .
 I 'm glad to finally see truthful reviews of this poor quality product . As others have , I bought the Rio One expecting it to be everything the PMP-300 was , but now with the added features of USB and the ability to accept higher capacity SmartMedia cards . What I received was underwhelming to say the least . The sound quality is extremely poor with a high frequency `` hiss '' and a low-frequency `` rumble '' in the background with noticeable audio problems in the MP3 playback . These problems are garbled audio , glitches , pops , screeches , etc. even in high bitrate files . The same file played on the PMP-300 -LRB- I also own two of those -RRB- sounds perfect compared to this . The PMP-300 also would allow you to resume at the beginning of the `` track '' where you left off when you last shut off the unit -LRB- unless the battery died in the interim -RRB- . The Rio One starts over at the beginning each time you turn it on . Like others , I contacted SonicBlue technical support and asked that they either send me a unit without these problems or return my money . I also asked them to send me a prepaid label to return what I considered was a unit that was defective right out of the box . I was told that was n't their policy and , without requesting it , I received a second unit in the mail with precisely the same shortcomings . Great , so now I have two defective units for the price of one . I emailed their VP in charge of customer support describing these problems to no avail . They apparently do not listen to their customers . I certainly wish I had read the reviews posted here before making this purchase . Like others , I am hoping there will be a firmware upgrade to remedy the MP3 audio playback problems , but I expect the `` rumble '' is a result of poor hardware design . I definitely do NOT recommend this unit to anyone .
 I bought a Rio One back in September 2001 and , at the time , felt like it was a good deal . However , since then , I have experienced two problems that lead me to strongly advise against getting this player .99 % of my use is in the car with the player hooked up to a cassette adapter , so I did n't realize how bad the sound was until I decided to use it around the house one day . The high quality ear buds that come with the Rio One were its downfall because they accurately reproduced an annoying low-frequency hum that did n't exist when playing the same MP3 files on my computer through the very same ear buds . E-mail with SONICblue tech support resulted in an RMA for a replacement unit . When I received the new one , it also exhibited the hum , so I have come to the conclusion that it 's a design flaw , and an unacceptable one at that.The second problem I 've had is downloading songs to it from a Mac running MacOS X 10.1 . Several times my Mac has gone unresponsive after dismounting the Rio One 's media , forcing me to reboot . Also , several times the songs were not cleanly downloaded , leaving portions of the previous download 's songs toward the end of the newly downloaded tracks.I have given up and replaced it with a Nomad IIc 64MB player -LRB- which now comes with headphones , by the way , unlike the 32MB version -RRB- . So far I 'm very impressed with it .
 Bought with Win XP promotion ... Was it unreasonable to assume XP compatability ? Ca n't use for WMA files using Real Jukebox . Media Play 7 does n't recognize the device . Battery compartment cover pops open so I must use tape to cover it on my new MP3 player . Now I get the flashing `` USB '' on display which wo n't go away . Tried Email Tech support and Web support . Nada on both accounts . The headphones are the earbud variety but the most uncomfortable I have ever used . I like its size . Everything else is horrible . There was apparently no QC on this item . Unfortunately , USB problem happened after 30 days so return to store not an option . Hate to say it but I do n't trust there warranty department due to the Cust . Service and Quality issues . I will buy another and repackage and return the original and hope for a `` functional '' unit but I really feel I got burned on this . The worst Electronics product I have bought P E R I O D. EVER .
 My RIO came without the firmware that runs the display ... So I was never able to use it . I tried reaching Tech Support for a week by e-mail and then started the trek through SonicBlue 's labyrinth of phone options . After running in circles and never actually reaching a human or a voice mail and always being refered to another toll number , I decided tell you all about it.If you have n't already figured it out my opinion of the player is poor and the company is yet even poorer.Good luck and Happy Holidays !
 I bought the Rio One because I had another MP3 player -LRB- one fromCompaq -RRB- and I did n't like that the other player used the MMCcards which have smaller capacity . The Rio One was a gift fora relative and I wanted to buy them something better than whatI had.That was a huge mistake . My Compaq MP3 player has never , notonce , given me problems . The Rio One player is currently brokenwith the flashing `` USB '' message others have written about . Now Ifeel really bad because I bought this person an MP3 player whichis far worse than mine . And as others have said , tech support?What tech support ?
 I am on my third one , the first two having been replaced under warranty . The first one would not play the selections that were stored on external memory . The second one had a very annoying background hum and the third one has that same hum but it is n't as noticeable . If you but one I would recommend that you first listen to it with a good pair of headphones with the volume set to minimum or you also purchase a really cheap pair of ear buds so that you get plenty of outside noise .
 The first thing I noticed when I pulled the Rio One from the blister pack -LRB- no easy feat in and of itself ! -RRB- was how light and flimsy it felt . A strong wind -LRB- maybe -RRB- or a drop on concrete -LRB- definitely -RRB- would be the end of this device.The second thing I noticed was that it does not support Windows XP.Most importantly , however , was the third thing
 I got my Rio One for free during a promotion ... when I purchased Windows XP . If it had n't been free , I would have returned it . I have since added a 128MB flash memory card . Pros
 I disliked more than less of the Rio One . Extended memory has stopped working although I 've reloaded the flash many times and gone through the www drill of locating potential answers . Instruction book is over simplistic and not addressing potential problems very well . Help desk is past my waiting time . Good Concept , would not recommend it to anyone . P.S. `` Cash back '' voucher was returned after 3 months stating `` bill '' was not submitted . Not ! Amazon.Com should regulate companies like this or at least stop selling defective products .
 I received this unit free as a promotion with Windows XP . Not much to complain about since it cost nothing , but functionaly it leaves a lot to be desired . The interface is very basic , and my unit often just shuts off with no explantion after a song ends . Very aggravating when running or working out!Sound quality is very good but the 32 MEG of resident memory is barely enought to hold ten songs . Upgrading to an additional memory card is pretty expensive and probably not worth the investment unless you have , or intend to have , additional components that can also use the memory card.Spend the extra money on a real good player . If you can get the Rio One for free - go for it , but plan on replacing it after you have grown tired of it 's poor functionality and limitations .
 Normally , I do n't write reviews of products but with this product I will . The Rio one has got to be the worst poduct I have encountered for MP3 technology . To begin with , I have been through two of the Rio ones in the past month . When I first encountered the problem , the rio one basically dies if you let the battery run down on it , I tried , much to my frustration , to contact the costumer support and technical support service to no avail . First it is a toll number and second I waited on the phone for about an hour with no response to my call . I was on hold for an hour ! I finally gave up and took it back to the store from which I purchased the Rio One . Rather than deal with technical support , they just gave me a new player no questions asked . Guess what ? Within a month the same scenario was played out again with the tech crew at SonicBlue/RIO . As of January 17th , 2003 only one month after I purchased the first one , I have gone through two players , Spent about two and a half hours on the phone trying to get through to tech support , had no contact with anyone from RIO and am still in the same boat as I was with the first one . This product has got to be the worst I have encountered in a long time.When you take into account the poor custumer/technical support , the continued experience of all those who have purchased it , the no frills package and the large bulky design of the RIO one it adds up to be a poor quality product . You would probably be better off buying a tape player than this MP3 Player if you wanted uninterrupted music when working out , running , or just simply enjoying the fine musical talent of the plethora of music icons available .
 I got the flashing USB message after using the machine for approximately three hours . Customer support does n't exist . Seven emails have netted me three form letters -LRB- which apply to Rio-Volt , but not Rio One -RRB- and nothing else . I have been unable to find updated firmware on the Rio website -LRB- apparently my firmware is up-to-date -RRB- . Please do n't even consider this product , even if you can afford no other MP3 player on the market . Save your money until you can . Hands down , this is the single WORST piece of electronic equipment I have ever purchased . Ever .
 I bought this player -LRB- I only had if for 2 hours though -RRB- . When I plugged the USB cable into my XP system , NOTHING ... . What 's worse , I went to riohome.com to find a new driver for windows XP , the website told me to install the software from the CD ... NICE !! So , I tried to call -LRB- which by the way was a long distance call -RRB- ... . my call could not be transfered at this time , but they were so nice as to give me another long distance number that was busy for over 30 minutes . Sooooooo , I went back to the website to e-mail tech support , basically , they sent me a link to the FAQ in their web site , now if I had n't already read the FAQ I would 've been thankfull for nothing . In a nutshell , when you buy the Rio One , it is n't compatible OR supported . It seems like a nice enough player for the money but the company needs to stand behind their product , they pretty much have made the player extinct by not updating the software . You would think that with the advent of the internet , companies would want to control negative pub , but it does n't seem to bother SONICblue . Good Luck !!
 Took me 2 hours to figure out how this thing works , and I 've been in the computer busness for over 17 years , so I know what I 'm doing ! The included documentation is a joke . Since it takes days to get a response from Rio that is n't automated and for another product you 'll have to figure everything out yourself ! So if you 're not real technical this is not for you.And if you 're thinking about adding memory , forget it . I tried to add an 128m card , and that 's where my problems really began . At first I could n't add music to the new card , then it stoped identifing the card , now the unit does n't work at all . Loading firmware from the web site was a disaster . Now the computer wo n't identify the RioOne , because the unit wo n't turn on and only displays 0 . Rio 's support is a joke , so now I have an ... piece of garbage.I 've wasted over 8 hours of my time trying to get this thing to work -LRB- which it only did for one download of music -RRB- , it is n't worth the money at any price ! Buy whichever mp3 you want , but read all the negative reviews on this one very carefully - they 'll dead on ! I 'm buying an Archos .
 I bought one of theese for 100 bucks i came home tried to download the software , jukebox , and the only difference is that it has a Rio skin and visualization but it wouldnt recodnize it . so i reinstalled it , same thing.Also the buzzing noise gets very annoying , i could hear it on the preloaded song - also worthless.So in the end i returned my 100 dollar purchase - if you find one at 10 cents it might me a good value , if youre lucky .
 I bought one when it first came out and it never worked right . Since it was under warranty they sent me a new -LRB- refurbished -RRB- one and it had the same problem . Then after a two month battle they sent me out a brand new one and it worked great for about a year but then it just died . Actually it is n't totally dead but all it does is blink the amount of memory it has until the battery runs down . I ca n't turn it off or play any thing.So the support people do the best they can but I do n't think the player is designed very well .
 I bought this product , because it was my first mp3 player , and I wanted an inexpensive one . It worked fine for about a year , then one time when the batteries ran out , it just stopped working , and complety died . Now , with better models with more memory and durbility on the market , I 'd skip over this one .
 I wanted an MP3 player that was small and skip-free , so I bought the Rio One in December 2001 . At first it was great . I was very happy that it fit in my pocket and was skip-free -LRB- great for working out -RRB- . Soon after , I bought a couple of 128MB SmartMedia memory cards to hold my music , and I was able to swap them depending on what kind of music I was in the mood for . The battery life was not very good , but I bought rechargeable batteries -LRB- and a charger for about $ 15 -RRB- and it was not a problem anymore . The only thing I really disliked was that it does not display the song -LRB- just a track number , which is useless when you have 100 songs on the memory card -RRB- , and also that it has no radio -LRB- which would have been useful on September 11 because I live in New York City -RRB- . I was happy , just like the people who have written 5-star reviews about this player , but then it all went downhill.Less than a year after I bought it , the battery door -LRB- which is a cheap tiny piece of plastic -RRB- broke off , so it was useless . Tech support was a pain , but I did manage to send it back and they sent me a new one . However , soon after , the same thing happened . I do n't abuse my player , I do n't drop or bang it , and it always stayed in my pocket ; its just built very poorly.The best thing about the Rio One is its small size and no skipping . The sound quality is only fair . Rio customer service is even worse -LRB- or should I say nonexistent -RRB- , because they ignored my emails until I called up screaming to the supervisor , and I had to pay for long-distance call just to get nowhere with them -LRB- they have no 800 number -RRB- . I have a couple of friends who own the Rio SP150 or SP250 -LRB- this plays regular audio CD 's and CDRW discs with MP3 files and it has a radio and remote control -RRB- and they are happy with it . The reason I did not buy this model is because I wanted something smaller than a CD player.After my experiences with RIO 's products and service -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , I will never buy any RIO product again . !!! I am looking at several new players I may buy.Feel free to ask me any questions you may have -LRB- Jmendelson@clarku.edu -RRB-
 I bought the RIO ONE 32mb for my son for Christmas 2001 . It stopped working about 2 weeks later . We had to download new firmware . Then about 3 weeks after that it died completely . We did nothing for months because the store we bought it from said `` too bad , call the manufacturer . '' Then in Nov. 2002 I decided not to throw away a hundred bucks and I sat on hold for about 45 minutes until a tech answered the phone . It was pretty easy after that , I guess there are a lot of problems with these things . They gave me instructions to return it for a replacement , which I did and about 2 months later a new remanufactured one arrived . We still had to download something for it but we have had no problems since -LRB- 6 weeks or so now -RRB- . Wish us luck .
 To make a long story short ... it was purchased as a birthday gift . Worked for less than a month and completely died . Does nothing , nada , zip ! No support - no replacement ! Cheaply made piece of junk ! PLEASE read all reviews on this product before purchasing it . Recommendation
 The product it 's self is great . Very easy to use and great sound , but linking to the PC for downloads was not user friendly . The Mfg really failed here . Called customer service -LRB- no 800 number -RRB- and found the service to be very elementary . Their solutions so far were 1 -RRB- `` do n't use the software that came with the unit , it does n't work '' 2 -RRB- `` we 've never seen anything like that , could you email it to us and we 'll look into it ? ''
 This is my second Rio One and both had the same problem . There is a constant HUM sound that is loud enough to be very distracting . They need to fix the audio sound qality on this unit . There should be no humming sound period . Have you ever hooked up a record player to your amp and you did n't ground it and you heard that constant loud hum . That 's the audio quality of the Rio One.Second , I 've only had the second one for a week and today It is just flashin USB on screen . Tech support was n't helpful and suggested I buy another company 's product . The only current support for this `` FLASHING USB '' message is to return it for replacement.Features and the low weight are nice . It simply is to bad the rest was n't good .
 My Rio One was fine when it worked , but then it stopped working and I was faced with the SonicBlue support department . After about a month and a half of waiting several days for each Email from the support department , the support department determined what had been painfully obvious from the beginning of the matter
 I got this unit to replace my Rio 500 that got lost in a car crash . I was disappointed with it as soon as I got it.First , there is a constant buzzing sound at low volumes that makes everything sound muddled.Second the display is awful . A cheap calculator has a better display.Third it decides to shut off right in the middle of a song for no good reason about every 15 minutes.I thought it would be a really good deal considering I could buy it and a 128mb smart media card totaling 160mb for quite a bit less then the Intel Pocket Concert -LRB- which only has 128mb -RRB- . But the disappointing performance forced me to return it.After more in depth research , I found that the Creative Nomad IIc offers everything the Rio One does , plus a far superior display , backlighting , voice recording , etc. at the same price !
 I purchased this product . It worked great for 2 weeks then started flashing USB . Nothing would play and unit would not even turn off ! I have been talking with tech support for 2 months now , they gave me horrible directions for fixing it , it only make the problem worse and/or corrupted some files on my PC so that I had to delete/reinstall everything -LRB- I am A + Computer Certified , so yes , I know what I 'm doing -RRB- . Each email to tech support takes at least 5-7 days to respond . My unit was sent back over a month ago and I still do not have a replacement -LRB- They make you pay for shipping charges for the new unit as well ! -RRB- I would not recommend this product based on other reviews as well as my own experiences with their tech support . One plus , the included headphones have a great sound to them .
 From day one , the unit had a buzz . The most irritating bug was the unit would randomly shut off and power on while forwarding / backing up on tracks using the controls or playing tracks in the random setting . The earphone and USB jacks appear to be crimped with pliers . In addition , the battery door closes poorly . RMA 'd to Sonic Blue in December , just got the unit on January 18th . A defininate thumbs down ! Customer service is absolutely horrific and unknowlegeable . I ca n't stress enough how much I hate this product and this company . I wish Amazon had a `` 0 '' star rating !!!
 What the heck ! I thought I was getting a stylus that would fit in my Palm . This is a full size pen and does n't do me any good for travel . It defeats the whole purpose of just carrying a Palm - now I have to carry my Palm and a pen ... ? I do n't think so . Where is that return label ...
 I got the product on time , but regret purchasing it from a non-Amazon carrier , the product was defective but I have limited mobility and didnt have a chance to return it . I still have it and it 's been over a year , it died several times , gave my computer a virus that was on the device and I had to buy a battery before it would work ... . Your probably wondering why I do n't sell it on here , it is because there is a WAY updated version of this . Nobody would want it
 Unfortunately the device was completely defective -LRB- not working in any manner -RRB- , and there were no replacements available in stock . We were instructed to return the device for a full refund , which we did .
 I purchased this little mp3 player 4 months ago . Guess what ? Now the battery life is 1 hour or less ! The only good thing is that the battery is replacable but still who would like to replace the battery every 4 months . I highly recommend that you just get an Ipod even if this thing is cheaper . At least wait until Creative does something about their battery life .
 It is almost sheer genius honestly . Take the biggest selling MP3 player , the i-pod and identify and correct the biggest complaint -LRB- the battery shelf life and the fact that it is irreplaceable -RRB- Produce a smart little machine at a better price with quality sound . Then screw the software so incredibly to make the machine un-useable - at least if you value your sanity!I came to Creative after dealing with Apple 's contemptuous customer service , how they get away with treating their customers like excrement is beyond me . So I tried this machine -LRB- not from Amazon I hasten to add -RRB- . The problem with this stems from the fact that the machine will not allow you to store 2 tracks with the same name . So if you have a live CD of an artist you like and already have studio versions of some of the songs when you try to transfer them it gives you the choice to over-ride the first version or cancel importing the second version . Now , even if you have the same track recorded BY DIFFERENT ARTISTS it will NOT allow you to import without first altering the name of the track !!! Then you have to go through the painstaking and time consuming task of deleting all the tracks from that particular CD from the machine and from the computer . Then re-import them to the computer after amending the title of the offending tracks - only then you can put them into your machine . The result , it has just taken over 3 hours to get 3 CD 's uploaded into the machine because just 2 titles -LRB- from 75 -RRB- were already on the machine by different artists.There is a benefit to this , as while you waste your time with this process , you can quickly come onto -LSB- ... -RSB- and give it one star warning customers of this joke software.It seems abundantly clear that Creative have no desire to increase their share of the MP3 market , so grant them their wish and shop for an alternative .
 This product is compatible ONLY with Microsoft Windows XP . Creative has really fallen short on what could have been a nice product by choosing to offer drivers for only one operating system.If you have Windows 2000/ME/98 , do n't waste your time with this product . There is absolutely no way to transfer files to it . I had one , tried it , and sent it back for a refund .
 we drove an hour to get the best deal on this player . got home . unpacked everything and found that they packed headphones with a jack that is far too large for the port . -LRB- there is no way we could even jam it in much less slide it in . -RRB- we had to drive another hour to get the unit replaced . what a frustrating way to start our creative experience .
 Whoa , what a disappointment ! Sound is way below the quality of my iPod 6 GB mini . My iPod is charging constantly while I play it in my car with my Monster cable , and it is also charging while I work with my music files.Maybe the new , yet-to-be released Zens are better . One can always hope . I do n't have anything Apple , except my trusty iPod , and I will gladly replace my Mini with the 30 GB iPod when I run out of space . You ca n't beat the clickwheel navigation of iPod either ... awesome for those of use who work out while using our players , awesome for using while driving . Once again , Apple rules the world of MP3 players .
 In terms of features , interface , usability , ease-of-use . . ipod wins hands down . -LRB- but I must admit that I like the 8G capacity ! -RRB-
 First let me say the Zen Micro Photo has wonderful sound . The ear plugs were of good sound quality . I am very technically challenged my kids and husband have to help me with any thing technical . I found the dial on the Zen Micro Photo to be impossible to operate . It is VERY SENSITIVE to the touch , I could not even raise and lower the volume . Finally , when it began to freeze up on me regularly I did return this and Amazon kindly refunded all my money even the cost to ship it back .
 Mine failed within 3 weeks -- the software just hung . The manual is useless and the web faqs almost as much . No e-mail support , just web-based . After getting an RMA number , I mailed the unit back . Now -LRB- 3 weeks later -RRB- they are asking for a $ 25 `` diagnostic fee '' before they 'll look at the unit , along with a note not to reply to the e-mail . Instead they give you a hyperlink back to their Customer Support web page , where you need to fill out an e-mail form and plug your RMA number in . -LRB- I 'm assuming that the request for a `` diagnostic fee '' is a mistake . If not , I 'll be talking to the District Attorney 's Consumer -LSB- . . -RSB- division -RRB- . The amount of hassle I 've gone through over this * far * outweighs the benefits it has over the iPod -LRB- which , when it works , really are there -RRB- . This may be a technically superior product , but Apple Support is easy . Creative 's is as shabby as I 've ever been subject to.Never again .
 This was the 4th and last Creative MP3 I 'll purchase . Battery life is advertised at 15-hours but even with display off it only lasts about 3-hours max . The off-button kills the unit , to where the only way you can turn it on is to remove and reinsert the battery -- the reset button does n't work . Finally the music sounds poor quality because even if you record your music at 192kbps , it only plays at 64kbps . After having the unit less than 2-weeks I contacted their tech support and got the runaround . Not only did they indicate their own download program was suspect and I should use Windows Media 10 instead , they said the unit performed as advertised . I was contacted by their company a few months later , only to present a survey because of my dissatisfaction with their tech support and obvious lack of warranty . I would never recommend their products again . I purchased the Philips Micro Jukebox HDD1830 shortly afterwards when I shelved this unit as garbage -- the Philips really does perform as advertised and I would recommend it over any thing Creative has .
 I purchased this MP3 player thinking it was a good purchase . Boy was I wrong . Creative Labs tend to have glitches whether it be computer hardware , software , or other products like this one . Now having problems with the product is one thing , but customer service is lousy and they could give a rats -LSB- ... -RSB- . Also when I ordered seperate batteries from their online store they mentioned AFTER I purchased their product that it was going to be delayed for an extra month . My MP3 player stopped working after 3 months , I did get it to work again . Two months later the screen told me I had hardware problems . OK , so I download the drivers that is supposed to fix the problem , no go . Oh , and I forgot to mention that I am working in Eastern Europe at the time so it makes matters even better trying to get ahold of them via phone.Save yourself some frustration and get something better . iriver maybe ? Just stay away from Creative Lab products .
 The software is terrible . I 've been a happy Creative Zen customer for around 2 years . I 've had 2 Creative Zen Micros before I got the Microphoto . Admittedly , both of those died within 8 months of hardware problems , but we had some good times before that . The software that comes with is surprisingly good . The menu works well , and includes some interesting features that the iPod does not , including an option to view song details , and an easier way of making On-the-Go Playlists.All in all , I 've been quite pleased . Then I upgraded to the Microphoto . Not much has changed with the player . The color screen is nice , and the extra space is much appreciated . I wish you could view photos while you listen to music , but , as the philosopher Jagger once said
 I bought my zen micro photo about this year and had to return it after only two weeks . I had bought this because I was fed up with apple after they refused to fix my ipod -LRB- it was 4 days out of warrenty !! -RRB- For the for the first week it showed no sign of it being corrupted , but after 9 days of using it , it stoped turning on . When i finally got it to turn on it gave me weird messages and pictures . After about 10 tries calling Creatives customer service I just gave up and returned it.if you are thinking about buying this product its just a warning that they may give you a lemon .
 I have been through 4 Creative MP3 Players -LRB- 2 of which were Zen Microphotos 8GB -RRB- . All 4 have eventually `` frozen '' . I personally visited the Creative Corporate Headquarters in Singapore to have the player repaired since the US repair center in Oklahoma would no longer repair these Zen Microphotos ; -LRB- I was in SG on a business trip . -RRB- Creative Singapore would not repair it either , but sold me a refurb unit in March 2009 . This latest unit has frozen as well in October 2009 -LRB- only 7 months later -RRB- . The Creative website and `` customer service '' -LRB- LOL -RRB- are all unhelpful and not customer-focused . I have tried the `` Format All '' , `` Reload Firmware '' and `` Reboot '' modes , as suggested . Nothing works . Even Creative knows they are selling junk , as they will no longer repair these MP3 players.Up to now , I have resisted becoming an Apple customer -LRB- my mistake ... -RRB- ; I will never buy a Creative product again !
 At first I was really pleased with my Zen , it was great . It had enough storage space for everything I needed . Navigation was simple , though it took some getting used to . The one problem I ever had was it 's final problem . I was listening to music and all of a sudden it froze . So I figure it 's not a big deal and I restart it and it rebuilds its library . And it froze again within 3 minutes , so I restarted it and it starts in `` Recovery Mode '' . I had used it several times before just formatting it and starting over . So I tried that . However it refused to connect to the computer at all . I tried any number of things to connect it . The creative website offers no support for issues that are n't simple . So now I ca n't use it . And quite frankly I would n't use it again , too many problems . So I went and bought a Zune . I could n't be happier , so thanks for sucking Zen !
 My Husband got this for me for Christmas in 2006 . As others have mentioned , it does have overly sensitive buttons -LRB- even on the lowest sensitivity setting -RRB- but I quickly got used to that . It did fine for a while , but then if I skipped over several songs in a row , when it played the next song , it would have tidbits of the previously skipped songs mixed in . -LRB- kinda funny at first , but then annoying , like it was too confused to skip a few songs -RRB- Fast forward to Feb 08 , and one day when I turn it on , it is in recovery mode . I went online to download firmware and after about 10-15 attempts , it never could recognize my player was connected . Even the software program it came with did not recognize it -LRB- although my computer did recognize it was connected -RRB- . So I emailed for tech support and was told since it was purchased over a year ago , they can not help me unless I pay $ 12.99 for 30 mins of phone help or send it in for out of warranty repair to the tune of $ 80 . So , ok for a year or so , after that not so much . If you buy one , pay for the extended warranty .
 This product is a piece of junk . Within a month the display started going and I had to reload the firmware . Just after one year , the player would n't work -LRB- kept starting in recovery mode -RRB- . The online Creative knowledge base was of no help , and they would not help me further without charging me . Overly sensitive touch controls . Wo n't buy a Creative product again .
 I was really happy with my Zen Microphoto until it stopped working after less than two years . Creative offered me a new one for $ 150 -LRB- which is half what I paid for it -RRB- , but I 'll probably try to find one without built-in obsolescence . I think that a $ 300 device should last longer than that , and I was n't impressed with Creative 's after market support . My other big problem was I could never get it to work with Windows XP , although Vista seemed to support it OK .
 I chose this player over other similar mp3 players because of its removable battery . No battery lasts forever and I didnt like the idea of having to send it to the manufacturer just to replace it when it goes bad . For the most part , I was satisfied with the player until it stopped working after two weeks . It actually `` worked '' but it stopped letting me add/delete music . So I sent it back and got a replacement . I just thought that I must have got a faulty one but then my second one started randomly turning off during the middle of a song . It didnt matter if the battery was low or fully charged , it would just turn off for no reason . I sent it back and Amazon gave me a complete refund .
 Functionally -LRB- when it works -RRB- this is a great product with just the right feature set . Unfortunately , it is made by a company with horrible policies and service . My first player had a screen defect . I returned it the first day . Then the second one stopped working only 80 days from purchase . I called and described the issue -LRB- 10 minute boot time , no longer recognized by PC -RRB- , and they said I can pay for support . 80 days out and I pay for support ? Buy an iPod .
 I purchased this for my son . After downloading software , he was not able to transfer music from Media Player . He was told to change something in the registry so the USB port could communicate . First of all my other son has an apple I-pod so we knew the port was fine . Secondly I spoke to my brother who has lived in Silcon Valley and has worked in the computer industry for over 30 years , he said you never should change anything in the registry in windows XP . Creative does not have a toll free number to call and it takes 24-48 hours to receive an E-mail response from them . This is nonsense .
 I 've never had a product -LSB- ... -RSB- out after one week of use . The screen froze up and no matter what troubleshooting tip I tried from the creative website , nothing worked . Now I 'm waiting to hear back from email support because they do n't have 24 hour phone support . Not impressed . Would have gotten an iPod , but this thing was given as a gift .
 The Creative Zen Micro Photo 8GB Mp3 player is a beauty . I have to say though that after owning for less than 10 days the player just froze the the Creative Zen Micro screen . I tried taking out the battery and putting it back in but it still froze at exactly the same place . I just decided to return it rather than replace it .
 A friend of mine owns one of these . She purchased it because her sister-in-law had one . What she did n't know is that her sister-in-law did n't know how to use it . She came to me for help loading mp3s on it which I figured out . The problem is that just because the device is loaded with mp3s , it does n't mean you can play the songs . I helped her out with this as well after calling the customer service phone number . They were no help what so ever . All they wanted was purchase info and the serial number of the device . Then they proceeded to tell me that they could n't help me but would send me a couple of emails with info . They also informed me that my friend had 30 days worth of customer support and after that period it would cost her money if she needed any further help . I think this STINKS ! She paid over $ 200 for this device . I think they could offer a bit better customer service and for a longer period of time . I ended up figuring things out by `` playing with the device '' for a while . I would not recommend this device to anyone .
 The touch pad drove me crazy . I kept scrolling past the menu item I wanted . The design also seemed like a device about five years behind the curve.Luckily it stopped handling transfers -LRB- I 'm a Napster To Go subscriber -RRB- after two days . I 'd still be blissfully stuck with the thing otherwise . Returned it and picked up a Samsung YP-Z5 4GB player . Very happy with it - definitely worth a look .
 Mine failed within 3 weeks -- the software just hung . The manual is useless and the web faqs almost as much . No e-mail support , just web-based . After getting an RMA number , I mailed the unit back . Now -LRB- 3 weeks later -RRB- they are asking for a $ 25 `` diagnostic fee '' before they 'll look at the unit , along with a note not to reply to the e-mail . Instead they give you a hyperlink back to their Customer Support web page , where you need to fill out an e-mail form and plug your RMA number in . -LRB- I 'm assuming that the request for a `` diagnostic fee '' is a mistake . If not , I 'll be talking to the District Attorney 's Consumer Fraud division -RRB- . The amount of hassle I 've gone through over this * far * outweighs the benefits it has over the iPod -LRB- which , when it works , really are there -RRB- . This may be a technically superior product , but Apple Support is easy . Creative 's is as shabby as I 've ever been subject to.Never again .
 It may be a great device , but I 've seen intercontinental ballistic missile launching systems less complicated . I , and a computer consultant for my company , have spent two days trying to figure out how to use , load and organize it and are really frustrated . If I still had the box , it would be on its way back to Amazon . There needs to be a manual to explain its workings .
 I bought this mp3 player after doing much research online , I was excited about all the rave reviews I read , I guess I should have went to customer-oriented sites like this to see how it lasts in real world situations . I am not new to mp3 players I have had an ipod which I loved and was sad when it met its demise , so i decided to buy this product ... big mistake ... after only having it for less than a month it froze on me , I tried reseting it with no results , so I read in the manual that you can remove the battery and reset it that way ... Well that resulted in my hard drive deleting all of my songs , and my computer no longer recognized the player . Apparently this is a problem with the creative firmware erasing everything and no longer be recognized by the comp . I would have to recommend not getting this one and going with another brand .
 This MP3 player is a piece of garbage . I had it for 2 weeks and the player froze up on me . I called for technical support and was able to `` jump start '' the player . I used it for another two weeks and it froze again . I was unable to `` jump start '' it again by following the same steps as when I called for help . So I called again and was told that I had to ship it to the company for diagnostic checks . After owning this product for 5 weeks , I 've been able to use it for only 2 and had to pay shipping to send it back . The company still has not returned my unit to me . Get an iPod - it 's well worth it .
 I got this product as a gift which worked great for about a month and then the drive crashed.Went to walmart and exchanged for a new one only to have the same thing happen within a day.My husband has the blue zen which seems to work fine so my advice is dont buy the grey .
 I own three of these , and they are quirky beasts , sometimes failing to boot unless your remove the battery for a minute and replace . But for the price , $ 130 + each , they should last a while . The oldest , just 9 months old , has died . The two younger ones live on . But that 's a poor record for the money , I think.For the two that still work , the buttons are a bit sensitive and the menus a bit too complex . But once you get it playing , it works well with decent acoustic quality . I discovered that WinAmp recognizes it -LRB- an alternative to Windows Media Player -RRB- and I am able to transcode on the fly from a lossless format on my PC -LRB- FLAC -RRB- to something compressed . Also , playlists were very easy to generate and download . I discovered that some of the random playlist features of the Zen Micro photo are dubious , as occasionally the same song would play twice in succession . Also , sometimes an album would be listed with each song twice even though in looking at the files in Windows Media Player , only one would be there . Deleting and reloading did not solve the problem , but deleting the duplicates in on the player itself seemed to . Occasionally the player would announce that it was rebuilding the media library , which I think means that it 's own buggy software corrupted its own database . However , after a few minutes , everything was OK.However ... I really ca n't recommend anything that costs this much which has a high likelihood of failure .
 It has great look and a great sound , but ... ugh . The software . From the firmware to the desktop software the Zen is cursed with bugs and poor design.Start with the player itself . The buttons are tempermental -- sometimes oversensitive , sometimes unresponsive -LRB- i.e. sometimes there 's a confusing delay -RRB- . Which means it takes a deft touch to navigate to the song you want - and fastforwarding or rewinding through a song without accidentally restarting it or skipping to the next song requires the fine motor skills of a seasoned gamer.But that you can live with if you 're patient . It 's the desktop software that 's makes using this a true nightmare . For one thing , I had the same problem many people writing here complained about - my computer simply would not recognize the Zen out of the box . I reinstalled several times ; tweaked everything from the registry to the settings to replacing the cord for about a day when finally something -LRB- I 'm still not sure what -RRB- kicked in and it decided to recognize the player . But even now , when I tried updating the firmware , the firmware updater will not recognize the player , so I 'm stuck with what 's there.OK , so I finally got it to recognize my Zen . Somehow . That 's when the real fun began . Not . The Media Explorer Crashes . Often . Plus even when it `` works '' it 's designed so badly it takes a ridiculous amount of time to get anything done . For reasons I 'll never understand , you have to launch separate programs to organize your songs , add songs , create new playlists and edit playlists . In other words every task requires launching a separate program - some of which will crash on launch , some wo n't . It 's always a surprise . Fun fun . At this point the most important programs wo n't crash on launch -LRB- although they 'll occasionally crash midway through a task -RRB- . But the organizer -LRB- for addresses -RRB- still crashes without fail . I was able to add addresses at one point - what changed that i could launch it once and now ca n't ? I 'll never know . In any event I 'm stuck with the addresses put in there 3 months ago.But even when the editors work properly , they have the most user unfriendly design ever dreamt up by a programmer , so it takes absurdly long to manage songs . Changes have to be done one song at a time , and you ca n't sort or group the songs - to say mass delete , move , find rapidly , etc. . To get anything done you have to hunt the songs down folder by folder . I tried switching to Windows MediaPlayer and Napster to see if they were able to do what the Zen software could n't -LRB- i.e. * work * -RRB- , but that made the situation worse . They just created duplicate libraries , which now ca n't be deleted , and I can only delete duplicate songs one at a time , but had to leave the duplicate music library and album/artist folders intact , which means I have a hell of a time finding songs now sorting through hundreds of folders that now no longer contain anything ... well you get the idea ... shiver .
 I like the features of this unit -LRB- color screen , fm radio , voice recorder , 8 gb -RRB- , but there are a few quirks that prevent me from recommending it.First , the touch controls are unpredictable . I 've adjusted the sensitivity of the touchpad , but it 's still jumpy . I practically need to slam the play/pause button in order to get it to respond , but the slider control is hyper-sensitive . Second , a very minor issue is the ergonomics/functionality of the on/off switch . It is placed in an awckward position and it 's difficult to know whether or not you 've actually turned the unit on/off . Both of the first two could be overlooked if not for the next two : There is no easy way to transfer playlists from WMP 10 into the player . All the songs on your playslist will transfer , but they will no longer be organized in a playlist once they land on the Zen . This is a huge hassle , and I do n't know whether it 's a WMP 10 issue or a Zen issue . The WMP 11 beta appears to resolve this problem , but I had other compatability issues -LRB- unrelated to the Zen -RRB- with the WMP 11 beta and had to uninstall it.Finally , and this is the kicker - the battery refuses to charge ! It chaged once , but since then it simply wo n't charge . It can remain plugged in to my computer 's USB port for hours -LRB- 6 hours or more -RRB- , and the unit indicates that it 's charging , but the charge never goes beyond about 10 % . I 've tried different computers and sometimes it wo n't even charge at all . Others have reported similar charging problems on the Creative user 's forum but Creative seems to have no answer other than send it back to them for a replacement . I 've attempted to contact Creative via their web support , but have only recieved automated -LRB- and unhelpful -RRB- responses so far.I have no interest in switching to i-Tunes , so an iPod is out of the question . I like the features and cost of the Zen , but there are serious quirks and the customer support is lacking .
 I BOUGHT A CREATIVE ZEN 8GB MP3 PLAYER LAST SUMMER . IT WORKED WELL FOR ABOUT 1 YEAR , AFTER WHICH TIME I COULD ONLY TURN IT ON BUT NOT PLAY ANY MUSIC . WHEN WE CALLED THE MANUFACTURER , THEY ASKED IF IT WAS BOUGHT OVER 3 MOS AGO . THEN THEY ASKED IF WE HAD AN EXTENDED WARRANTY ; WHICH WE DID NOT . THEY SAID `` THERE IS N'T ANYTHING WE CAN DO ABOUT IT . '' THE ONLY THING THAT COULD HAVE HAPPENED WAS THAT IT WAS ACCIDENTLY DROPPED A COUPLE OF TIMES . BUT THAT SHOULD N'T HAVE DESTROYED IT . ANYWAY ; I BOUGHT AN APPLE IPOD TO REPLACE THIS UNIT . THE OTHER THING THAT I DID N'T LIKE ABOUT THIS UNIT WAS THE CONTROLS ON THE FRONT OF THE UNIT .
 I bought a Creative Zen Microphoto less than a month ago . It worked great for about 3 weeks , until one day it shut down , and it never turned on again.I am not the only one who has had problems with the item , a friend bought at about the samne time I did , and one of the buttons doesnt work anymore.I wouldnt recommend this product to anyone , It looks nice , and it is cheap for what you get , but I would rather get something that works .
 We are anti-IPOD . We own a 6gb Zen , 4gb Zen photo & 1 MUV . So , I purchased this 8gb Zen back in Nov06 as a christmas gift for my teenage daughter . It did work for couple of weeks -LRB- from chirstmas till mid Janurary -RRB- . Then it was the problem , when she was listening to music and all of a sudden it froze . So I figure it 's not a big deal and I restart it and it rebuilds its library . And it froze again and again . I went to the Creative discussion Forum website and I found that everone has the problem . Creative should have a recall on this unit -LRB- this is not a cheap unit -RRB- So now I ca n't use it . And I 'll send it to Creative for repair or replacement .
 My children like their Creative Zen MicroPhoto 8 GB MP3 Players , however we 've had both players `` freeze '' within weeks of purchase -- they just stop working -LRB- without being `` abused '' -RRB- . Creative has replaced both players , but recently one of the replacements `` froze '' -LRB- two months after we received it -RRB- . We are waiting to hear about its replacement . Bottom-line , we wont be buying this product again and would n't recommend it . Too fragile .
 Most of the time I 'm pretty happy with this player , but it freezes pretty frequently , requiring me to remove and replace the battery -- a major annoyance . I bought it to listen to in my car , and the controls are not the easiest to use while driving . While I 'm not completely dissatisfied , I would n't purchase it again .
 I have had nothing but problems with this Creative product . I am constantly rebooting and half the time that does n't work , I 've tryed to reload the firmware and that dose n't help either.My next step is to call customer support - I 'm really looking forward to talking to India -LRB- not -RRB- .
 Got my daughter this for Christmas - No problems if you are sitting quietly on the couch listening to it !! DO N'T buy this if you plan on jogging , bike-riding or even driving on a bumpy road !! Broke within 45 days of easy listening - Customer service was fairly helpful with return of product however . We have had all types of mp3 's in our house including ipod 's , creative and cheaper brands - Do n't waste $ 250.00 on this one !!
 I really enjoyed my Zen , when it worked . The first one I ordered I had to return becuase it would only play every other song , and after it started acting up all the lights would start blinking and I would have to take out the battery to make it stop . So , I exchanged it for a new one , and just like the other after only one week the lights started going crazy again , it would freeze up , and would only play 5 seconds of every song . What I liked about it , for the small amount of time I had it was the sound quality , the choice in colors , and the fact that it was so much cheaper than other models with the same amount of storage space . I 'm not sure I would recommend it becuase of the fact that they both only worked for a few days . Now I have an Iriver Clix and have had no problems . It has less storage but I do n't care , it is easier to control and I have n't had problems with it .
 I paid over 160.00 dollars for my 4G Creative Microphoto . It has never worked properly . The unit will not hold a charge . I emailed and called the company.Their reply was so sorry for the trouble , send us 25.00 dollars and we may be able to repair it.I say again the unit cost over 160.00 dollars and I essentially got nothing . If you have money and time to waste on junk then this is just what you are looking.If not , then I strongly encourage you to shop elsewhere.Rick Eanes
 I bought this Mp3 player because it was just a few bucks cheaper than the Ipod and I ended up paying dearly for it . It is a piece of junk that stopped working only after a couple months . The firmware decided to stop recognizing songs , albums titles , and eventually that there was even any music to listen to . Now I have a 200 $ dollar mp3 player with no music on it that will not interface with my PC . Customer service ? Do n't count on it . So if your into extensively troubleshooting , highly frustrating , pieces of junk , this is a great product .
 First , let me say that I am anti Ipod , for 3 main reasons -- -LRB- 1 -RRB- I do n't like Itunes ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- I find it beyond annoying that they have 95 % market share and everyone has one , plus they make all of the accessories -LRB- have you seen the sharper image catalogue ?! -RRB- ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- no FM radio and I like to listen to NPR on my way to work in the morning.So I was looking for a non-ipod mp3 player and decided on the creative after reading the reviews . My thoughts : PROS -LRB- 1 -RRB- look cool , nice compact size , I like the blue light that surrounds the player , feels very solid -LRB- 2 -RRB- sounds good -LRB- 3 -RRB- easy to use with windows media playerCONS -LRB- 1 -RRB- biggest con and the reason I am returning it -- this thing is darned near impossible to use ! The touch screen is unbeleivably annooying . It is so sensitive that you can not ever select what you want on the first try . It takes about 4-5 attempts if you want to scroll up 1 or 2 items . Anytime I get what I want on the first attempt it is pure luck . I mean how hard is it to design something that does something as basic as being able to select the song you want ?? Along those same lines , you can not listen to a song and put it in your pocket without `` locking '' the device -- if you even breathe on the thing it will do something unexpected and unwanted . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Can not see the screen in daylight . Kind of important , no ? -LRB- 3 -RRB- Ca n't listen to radio and search for music at same time.If I kept it longer there would probably be more to add.Anyway , I have given up fighting with my mp3 player . There must be one that actually works as you 'd expect . I will keep looking . I hope I am not forced to buy an ipod !!
 Have had this player for about a year and it has never worked properly . More often than not the software used for loading and organizing files does not see the Zen when it is connected . This despite the fact that windows does see it . On the rare occasion that it does successfully connect the Zen and the computer software freeze up before I can load more than a couple of dozen songs . I have gone through all the steps Creative recommends in order to correct this all the way down to editing registry files . I would give this zero stars if I could .
 What a nightmare . I have had mine for about one year . It did well with the original battery , but when that failed , I have had no end of problems . I put in a new battery and the thing locks up about every third time I dock it to my computer . I have tried reloading the firmware , cleaning , and finally formatting and reloading everything . It is still giving me fits.I am now an enemy of anything with lithium based batteries -LRB- lithium ion , lithium poly , etc. -RRB- . I found out the batteries -LRB- looked it up in wikipedia -RRB- have to be carefully guarded during charging to keep from over charging lest they catch fire or explode . Then I found out the batteries lose about 20 % of their capacity per year from date of manufacture -LRB- your mileage may vary depending on usage and conditions of use -RRB- . I am switching to a MP3 player -LRB- SanDisk SDMX3-2048 Sansa M250 2 GB MP3 Player -RRB- that uses standard OTC batteries and getting a good set of NiMH batts -LRB- with their own set of pros and cons -RRB- and a smart charger . The unit has less memory and is less durable but is sounder , electronically .
 Enjoyed my MicroPhoto until it just froze . Even after several hard resets will not do anything . The freeze problem seems to be a known issue . But Creative wants $ 25 just to look at it even though it is still under year warranty . I called and the recording said that since I had n't bought the extended warranty , I would have to pay to talk to someone .
 Purchased this Zen Microphoto 8GB over a year ago . Was able to load the first batch of songs and everything went ok . The second time I went to load songs the player was not recognized by the computer . Since then other than to play the original set of loaded songs this player has been worthless . I sent an email -LRB- twice -RRB- to Creative and both times rcvd the same reply , which was to check their Knowledge Base to search for an answer to the problem -LRB- and there were many re this problem -RRB- . I had been trying all of these -LRB- and checking their forum for ideas -RRB- for 1 year and still nothing worked . I have put countless hours into this Zen and it still will not work correctly !! My advice to anyone interested in the Zen Microphoto is to check their forum under the search `` player not connected '' or `` player not recognized '' . You will be flooded with questions from hundreds of customers with the same problem . Let this convince you to stay clear of this MP3 player .
 DO NOT BUY THIS !!! This player has gone bad twice for me and I have had it less than a year . Creative customer service is awful . You have to pay them 12 dollars just to talk to them on the phone , and although email support is available it is not at all helpful . In addition to this , if the product is still under the one year warranty a 25 dollar `` diagnostic fee '' is charged each time the player is sent in for repair . Unless you want your mp3 player to be complete garbage in less than a year , purchase something else . I am giving up on this one and purchasing a different brand .
 I purchased two Zen Micro units last year . My wife uses hers every day , while I only use mine once in a while . Six months in , the LCD screen on mine went and I had to pay $ 30 to have Creative fix it even though it was under warranty . Now , just a year later , mine has a hardware problem and my wife 's is barely working . I called customer support , but because it is just after warranty , there is nothing they can do.I thought this unit was a good buy , but I see that you get what you pay for .
 I love this player ! It takes time to get used to the touch-buttons -LRB- I 've never used an ipod before -RRB- , and the ability to view photos while music is playing would be nice , but in general this is a nicely-executed product.My biggest gripe however , is the lack of Audible support . Creative has done a good job of making it 's devices compatible with this popular audio-book service - I find it an incredible oversight that support was n't included with the Microphoto . Be aware of this if you decide to purchase one.To ` digitally-sign ' a petition for Creative to include support in the next firmware update , head over to the Creative Lab Discussion Forums , and search for
 This would be a great MP3 player if it worked.I chose it so I could download subscription music.The first problem was that the LCD display nevercame on most of the time until I reset the playerseveral times in a row . Resetting the player meansremoving the battery . I decided I could live withthat until the thing stopped working altogether.Now its just a dead MP3 player . I just hope thatI can get in touch with Creative Tech Support intime to get a replacement before the warranty runsout . No luck so far .
 i didnt like this thing . i had to return it . it was way to small for me . it didnt download music . and didnt come with anything to download so your cmp can put it up . i wouldnt do it again , this was my second purchase since my dell one broke im taking some time off b4 i purchase another one . thinking about a ipod .
 I just got this and was surprised to find that this MP3 player does * not * work with any OS other than Windows XP . I have Win2k at work so I ca n't even charge the player right now -- apparently you 'll have to install the software first on an XP system and then connect the USB cable , which doubles as the AC charge cable . There is * no * separate AC adapter in the package . BTW , charging takes 5 hours , which is ridiculously long . I 'm disappointed Creative does n't even include an AC adpater which would have cost them less than a dollar to make in Chinese sweatshops.The vertical touchpad can drive you nuts , and is quite counter-intuitive . For example , you can not tap the up or down area to go down a list one item at a time ; instead , you must move your finger to scroll , so it 's very easy to `` overshoot '' the item you want . To enter , you can hard-tap anywhere on the vertical bar , not just the center , which is not obvious at all . The menu system is poorly designed . For instance , it 's not obvious at all how to go back to the `` Now Playing '' screen from a menu screen . And what 's driving me nuts right now is there seems no way to get back to the original background wallpaper . But contrary to one `` popular '' reviewer claims , you * can * adjust the volume easily . In the play screen , just scroll up or down the vertical touchpad . In other screens -LRB- i.e. , menus -RRB- , just press the lower-right option button which gives you access to volume control.FM radio sensitivity is not great ; I 'm right here in an open area near downtown Boston . My Panasonic FM CD player has perfect reception and clarity , but not the Zen Micro Photo , which gives a lot of static noise.The OLED screen is a big letdown so far . It 's really dark , even at the highest contrast level . There 's no brightness contorl , just contrast . The sample pictures Creative bundles all look unimpressive at best.Battery life is really disappointing . My other hard drive-based MP3 player is a Sony NW-HD3 , the thin one with 20GB capacity . On a charge the Sony can last 20-30 hours playing MP3 tracks . With the Zen MicroPhoto , I seem to be getting no more than 6-8 hours per charge . I kid you not . I do n't shuffle or look at the photos any more -- cuz the screen really sucks for viewing photos -- but I swear I 'm not getting more than eight hours , probably actually far less , per charge . I talked to a coworker who has an earlier version of Zen Micro and he had the same problem . The Zen 's are made in Malaysia , a country hostile towards the U.S. , so maybe they just put in defective parts to screw us . I do n't know . I 'm not happy about teh battery life.Sound quality is good , but far inferior to my Sony NW-HD3 . As a couple other reviewers have pointed out , adjusting the EQ -LRB- equalizer -RRB- does absolutely nothing to sound quality . I have n't tried the bass boost because I listen mostly to classical . I use a good pair of Sony earphones . I must say I 'm not unhappy with the sound quality , and the volume can go higher than my Sony NW-HD3 player , so I think in the sound department this is good . If only they made the EQ a real thing ... Getting MP3 files to the player is easy . I like the Media Explorer . Will probably never use the other utility , MediaSource which is like a jukebox . Media Explorer works like Windows so it 's quite intuitive . I also like the CD ripping utility . As I was never a fan of iTune 's demented ugly interface or MusicMatch 's constant pop-up ads , Media Explorer turned out to be the best part of this whole package.Overall , I think the Zen MicroPhoto is quite disappointing . I experienced a crash on the 12th day of ownership
 I had a Zen Touch 20Gb that I loved , but after 2 1/2 years of hard use , it stopped working . So , I bought this one . It was great when I took it out of the package . I downloaded all the programs and hooked it up to the computer to charge . After it finished charging , I tried to download music on it and I could n't . No matter what I did , my computer would not recognize the player . I kept getting messages that the player was not detected . I tried another computer and I got the same results . After researching the problem and calling the company , I found out that this is a common complaint with this product . I am so disappointed and I am returning it .
 I loaded one corrupted music file onto mine , and it caused it to fail to connect to any kind of computer . It continued to play music , and worked great , i just could n't update my music . The computer would not even recognize that it was connected . So I called tech support , which was helpful , but i basically had to return it , which i did , but it happened again . Could n't find out which file was corrupted , and what 's the point of having an mp3 player if you have to start your music library from scratch ? This time i am going to just have to deal with what i can load onto it in one shot , because i know it wo n't connect again after i disconnect it . It 's difficult to change the id tags on your files , and the included tag repair software came up with some pretty off-the-wall tags , including some in chinese -LRB- i think -RRB- , so only about half of mine are correct , and since that single corrupted file will make it impossible for me to do anything about it once i disconnect , it might as well have no screen at all , because the on-screen music info is mostly wrong . I 'm on hour 4 of download , about 400 songs so far , so it 's a bit slow . So set a day aside to spend with your microphoto . And you ca n't just hook this thing up to any computer and click and drag music , you have to install software , just like an ipod . And the instruction manual warns you against jogging with this device , as motion can cause it to jam up . That 's right ! So you better keep it in one place , i guess ! I already spent too much on accessories , which i had to order from several sources , so i 'll stick with my device until it just dies on me , which i am counting on . On the bright side , it does play music well , and it holds enough . Oh , and pictures . Woo hoo . I 'll just stick mine on shuffle , and wait for it to die . That 's how i will squeeze my money 's worth out of it , i guess .
 Horrible battery life , breaks on me once every few months . Really nothing special about the extra features . You can upload pictures on it to view them on the 1.5 '' screen . Whoop-dee-doo . Do yourself a favor and pass on this one ...
 Based on the very good performance of my old Zen Micro 6Gb -LRB- still fully functional -RRB- I purchased a Zen Microphoto for my daughter . It just died after about 6 weeks . I got it replaced . New one , same story . Did not want to have it replaced . Not worth it .
 I had one for almost 5 months , when it was a great player , primarily for audiobooks . Then it stopped working . After 3-4 hours trying to get fixes from the Creative web-site , I am looking for a new player . I hope one that is a bit more reliable than this one .
 My `` battery replacement program '' Ipod failed and I was tired of Apple and Itunes in general so I searched on the Internet for a new player . The Micro Photo seemed wonderful for the price and storage was comparable to my trashed 10 gig Ipod.I received the Zen and at first was impressed , particularly with the sound -- I was using Shure e-5s at the time . However , after a very short period of time the headphone jack began to cut in and out and I knew from much previous experience that this was a very bad sign . Despite due dilligence in my original searching I discovered after looking deeper into it that the headphone jack problem was a common ailment.By now , I had also fully experienced the navigation and download aspects of the Zen software which I would rate at about a 3 on a scale of 1 to 10 -- in other words -- really bad and not intuitive at all in my opinion.I decided to return the unit and did not want a replacement . The good news is that I ended up with an Iriver Clix , which although only weighing in with 2 gigs of storage , is so easy to use and intuitive that it does n't seem like I gave up anything moving down to 2 gigs from the 10 gig Ipod . The Iriver Clix is really amazing and utilizes almost its entire surface area for viewing track info , album art , etc. . You can also download video and pictures but I only use the player for listening to music , which by the way sounds better on this device than on any other MP3 player I have ever used . If you couple this player with high end phones like Shure e500s -LRB- yes I traded up from e5s to e500s and the difference is worth every penny -RRB- you wo n't believe your ears!Bottom line is that if the Zen had n't been defective I would never have purchased the Iriver -- now that 's a Zen thing !
 Thought I 'd go with an iPod alternative , big mistake . Player hangs during transfers , then crashes , rebuilds the library and all the song titles are a mess . Tech support was rude and condescending , no one would deviate from the script , which recommends `` small transfers '' , less than 100 songs . So in order to fill the player , over 20 transfers would be required . When I said I was trying to transfer 7 GB the woman laughed at me . I want this to be a good player , but it has been a headache so far .
 I bought my first Creative MP3 a few years ago , it 's big and bulky , but I liked the set-up and had read warnings galore about the I-Pod . It worked well for several months , then stopped allowing me to dock and download anything . I bought my LAST Creative Microphoto last November . It freezes , it rebuilds , it freezes , it rebuilds . If you take the battery out for more than an hour , it might restart . All those hours collecting music ... Wasted ! I 'm done with Creative .
 not what I wanted , was called and offered a replacement because they did not have the camera I ordered . This camera was supposed to be new but it was obviously refurbished . It broke the first time I used it and the display is not functioning properly .
 Thought it was a digital camera . So I could n't rate this camera . I sent it back about 3weeks ago and still have n't receive my refund . Hope the seller -LRB- New 2 Sell -RRB- credits me soon .
 Extremely disapointed . I just bought it and brought it with me as my only camera on my honeymoon and was unable to take any pictures with it . Dispite following all the cautions stated on the camera regarding the seal , during my first role of film while snorkeling the camera died . It appears to be extremely sensitive to water . I would not reommend this to anyone who would like to use it in the water , which is the main reason I picked this one .
 I have been using this camera for quite some time now and I 'm very disappointed . Night and indoor pictures I have taken are terrible . I have the camera setup correctly , but the pictures are either really fuzzy or dark .
 I have been using this camera for quite some time now and I 'm very disappointed . Night and indoor pictures I have taken are terrible . I have the camera setup correctly , but the pictures are either really fuzzy or dark .
 ... get the SeaLife ReefMaster . 16.4 feet could turn out to be a real limitation . Besides , for that kind of range , the Canon Sureshot A-1 is a better buy .
 Great camera , compact and good looking . It made great pictures , the downside is that it stoped working after 6 months , it began having problems that were solved by calling Canon 's 800 # , I now have to send it in to be checked or replaced.Again , it may be my bad luck , if I was rating the months it worked I would 've given it 5 stars . Hope you have better luck !
 Preveously I used the Logitech `` cordless elite duo . '' This product worked reliably , installed easily , and the bundled `` itouch '' software was intuitive and easy to use . The only downfall was the limited range . If I set the keyboard on my lap , below the level of the desk where the receiver rests , the connection is poor resulting in missed keystrokes . Even with it 's heafty price tag I was egar to buy what I thought would be the same keyboard with the extended range of Bluetooth , as well as bluetooth connectivity . Sadly , the `` Cordless Desktop MX for Bluetooth '' has been sorely disapointing for the following reasons .1 -RRB- Fragile transmission device in keyboard . Do n't so much as sneeze hard on the keyboard of the transmitter will stop functioning rendering the keyboard useless . I am very careful with my keyboard and still had this problem , and `` damage caused by the user '' is not covered under waranty .2 -RRB- Cumbersome to set up .3 -RRB- Bundled Software Stinks . The bundled has been changed from the previously used `` itouch '' software which was intuitive and easy to use to `` setpoint '' software which is slow and cumbersome . For example w / the old software any of the extra buttons at the top of the keyboard could be assigned to almost anything -LRB- program , web page , etc -RRB- quickly and easily -LRB- eg ctrl + button assigns current web page to that button -RRB- . The new software allows only programs for certain buttons , and only web sites for other buttons , and th process of assigning the button is cumbersome .4 -RRB- Several of the keys lack previous functionality . The Mouse wheel lacks the universal scrooll functionality that every other mouse has . Specifically it scrolls ok , but pressing the scroll wheen does nothing . Additionally the scroll wheel at the left of the keyboard no longer has re-assignable functionality -LRB- for example many users assign the volume to this wheel , as the other volume controll wheel on the logitech keyboards does n't work very well .5 -RRB- The point about the new setpoint software being bad , really ca n't be over-emphasized . In addition to being more cumbersome to use , it is a 40mb poorly functioning monstrosity that creates a noticable lag when it 's functions are used . -LRB- for example when clicking on the `` back '' button on the mouse , there is a noticible delay before the jump to the prevous web page/folder etc. . It is considerably slower that other mice.I give it 2 stars rather than just one , because during the time it was working -LRB- in it 's own cumbersome slow way -RRB- during the 1 month I used it before the keyboard transmitter stopped functioning , it did connect wirelessly without inturruption.In summary , bluetooth connectivity for keyboards and mice is a good idea , because of the icreased range , but Logitech really missed the mark with this product
 Because Windows XP SP2 includes its own Bluetooth stack , it 's been a frustrating experience getting this product to work ! The two stacks are n't compatible , and Logitech wants you to disable the stack that comes with XP . Even then , things do n't go smoothly . Most of the time , when I boot up Windows , my mouse does n't respond . I have to manually ask the base unit to discover all the Bluetooth devices . I waste a good 30 seconds during bootup just to get my mouse to work!The other frustrating part is that Logitech , despite all the complants on their website , has n't done a thing to fix this problem . I 've had this combo for about 5 months now , and Logitech still has n't come up with a fix!In summary , do n't buy this product if you have Windows XP SP2 !!!
 The BLUETOOTH RF is horrible . Mouse cursor wanders , slows downs , speeds up , freezes , and zooms all on it 's own . Really.Keyboard inserts exxxxtra characters -LRB- like that -RRB- at random intervals.Admin software says devices are Bluetooth connected but device status software for both mouse and keyboard can say they 're not -- and when they 're not connected , good luck getting them connected again.Can you imagine how much fun it is to be at the Windows logon screen and neither mouse or keyboard are recognized hardware ? When that happens there is NOTHING you can do but buy -LRB- or borrow -RRB- another mouse and keyboard and then figure out how to convince you PC these lousy Logitech products are not connected ! Been there , not fun.Shame too as the hadware by itself has a nice feel to it . But the Bluetooth connectivity makes it all just so much garbage . And the latest drivers DO NOT help ... infact they make the mouse wierdness even worse.Save your money , your time , and your sanity and buy anything else but this product.p.s . Have been doing PC admin for 20 years ... this is the most unreliable product I 've ever seen .
 A lot is made in the product description about how the mouse and keyboard can communicate long distances to the hub at the computer , and do so accurately . Well , the communication is spotty at BEST . I have the receiver hub RIGHT NEXT to the keyboard and the mouse and their response often goes into fits where they are both totally unresponsive ! It is amazing how useless a computer is when neither the mouse nor keyboard respond ! At other times they are only slightly responsive . What a headache to use ! Also , I ca n't figure out why this product is so expensive . You can buy a bluetooth hub for $ 30 and wireless mouse and keyboard for much less as well . I would recommend going that route . It ca n't be any worse than this .
 Bought this product and discovered -LRB- after hours with Logitech and Dell tech support -RRB- that the keyboard will only stay connected if you are using a Logitech Bluetooth hub.After discussions with Logitech , and telling them I would write this review , they asked me to point out that this problem will occur with any hub other than a Logitech hub , and that they have hammered Bluetooth to solve this compatabilty problem to no avail.So unless you want to spend 5 minutes reconnecting the keyboard every time you reboot , do n't buy this .
 I was unable to install tge setpoint software that come on the enclosed CD . It partially installed , but would n't erase and would n't run the keyboard or mouse . Finally , I used a system restore to get my computer back . I used the Keyboard and mouse with MS drivers for several months . It worked OK but I lost a lot of keyboard functions . Also , about 30 % of the time switching users on the computer locked up the keyboard and mouse and I had to reboot to get use the system . Logitech costumer support was useless -LRB- so what 's new ? -RRB- . Several weeks ago , I saw Logitech had updated drivers and I tried again . I got further this time but still not perfect . I was able to install the software after three attempts . On boot up it found and connected the mouse . It found the keyboard but wou n't comlete the connection . However , the keyboard does work - including the extended functions . I no longer lose function when switching users . The only issue is the keyboard connection wizard launches everytime I reboot . I also lose certain custom key functions everytime I reboot . Since I have a pretty stable system without a lot of reboots this has not been too bad .
 I bought this keyboard because i have had good luck with logitech products . when this keyboard works , it 's nice . i 'm running under windows xp home sp2 , and every other day or so i need to unplug the usb cable from the back of the computer to get the mouse or keyboard to work . this is after a cold boot . and also everytime i boot the connection wizard wants to restart my mouse . it 's annoying , i also purchiced the microsoft product that goes for around the same , and installation was easy and have n't had any issues with the microsoft product . the Logitech on the other hand , i 'll think twice before i buy another . I 'm using the microsoft bluetooth keyboard to write this review .
 I bought the Logitech bluetooth keyboard and mouse because I wanted to use the Logitech bluetooth headset HS01 and thought the combo might be worth it . I should have listened to the hints buried in other reviews.First the Logitech bluetooth adapter stinks . With the Logitech Hs01 there is lots of static and the headset constantly drops . The adapter also drops the mouse and keyboard at times , and then forces setup again which takes a couple of minutes ! When I pair the headset with a Belkin bluetooth hub it works almost flawlessly , and yes the mouse also works . The keyboard seems to have Logitech only logic so forget it.That leaves the mouse and keyboard . The feel of the keyboard is very nice which is why I give it 2 stars . The funky special keys I could get used to and eventually use.The mouse I like the shape and feel of , although it is heavy . Can probably get used to half the functions on it . What I do not like is that it takes a couple of seconds for the mouse to be active after you have been idle . This does not appear to be the case when it is linked to the Belkin bluetooth hub , although I only used it that way for a couple of hours.But the whole thing is going back . I will probably replace it with the MX duo which is the same mouse and keyboard but with just RF . After all why pay the premium for the bluetooh version when the Logitech implementation of bluetooth seems to be poor .
 I eagerly awaited my Bluetooth keyboard and mouse , and upon arrival I immediately installed it . That began five frustrating days of troubleshooting . There is no `` Manual '' , you just get this huge picture setup page -LRB- like comes with new Dell machines -RRB- . The troubleshooting contained on this thing does not exist . Since the keyboard would not work , my machine was effectively shutdown . I tried putting my old keyboard and mouse back on , but the machine did n't recognize them either . Spent many hours searching for solutions on the web -LRB- on someone else 's machine -RRB- , and have finally found a work around , but it defeats the purpose of installing the system in the first place . The work around allows me to use the keyboard and mouse , but the computer no longer recognizes the Bluetooth hub -LRB- even though my keyboard and mouse connect through it -RRB- . Logitech 's support consisted of `` Put it on another machine and see if it works there . '' That advice came two days into troubleshooting and research . Research found many people with the same problem , so why would I want to `` Lock up '' another machine ? Logitech has yet to respond . Support -5 stars since they are actually hurting my troubleshooting at this point!Bottom line
 Two things before I begin :1 -RRB- I would be EXTREMELY cautious about the positive reviews listed below -- I do n't believe that a reviewer giving this more than 3 stars has taken the time to perform a comprehensive or well thought out evaluation .2 -RRB- As crazy as this sounds , do not expect this product to work with non-Logitech Bluetooth enabled hardware . This statement is based on my personal experience and is supported by the following language from step 8 of the quick install guide included with the product
 Overall - Hardware is good , software is NOTI consider myself an expert computer user , and had many difficulties installing this product . Installing the software on the CD as per the instructions provided is NOT recommended . Instead , skip the CD and go directly to Logitech 's website for the latest versions of the SetPoint software -LRB- it 's around a 60 mb download -RRB- . When installing the CD version of the software , I received errors stating I already had bluetooth solutions installed , which I did NOT . After spending 30 min scouring the computer to ensure I did n't have random bluetooth drivers installed , and wasting another hour trying to get the CD to install , -LRB- and completing maybe 4 system restores in the process -RRB- I went to Logitech 's website , which was absolutely ZERO help . On a hunch I downloaded the latest version of the software -LRB- the software on the CD is 2 years old ... -RRB- and it seems to be working well now.SetPoint is not compatable with some software , such as Mozilla Firefox . Particularily , the middle mouse button , an integral button if you 're used to the Tabbed browsing , does not function with the SetPoint software running . After installing it for the drivers , you can end the SetPoint task and re-enable the middle-mouse functionality in Firefox.Additionally , I have trouble with the Windows Media Player controls on the top of the keyboard , they work perfectly when the SetPoint software is NOT running , but with the software running it crashes SetPoint . Annoying , but I 'm learning quickly to live without SetPoint.On to the hardware - Mouse is a bit heavier than I find comfortable , but it 's a minor issue . Keyboard types well , having no troubles with it thus far . Bluetooth hub is extremely useful , synchronizing with my Sony Ericson T637 is no problem , along with my ipaq3115.So is this set good for you ? If you need/want bluetooth , and have some patience or luck when it comes to installing tricky drivers , go ahead , it 's worth the money . Otherwise , pass on this one .
 This product has NO SUPPORT , and Microtek will not answer E-mail or online product support requests . The drivers bundled and shipped with the product are abysmal . Before buying check out the numerous sites with endless users complaining about their `` useless paperweights '' . But , then what do you expect from a company that has been transferred from one owner to another repeatedly the last few years , and according to the Milwaukee Business Journal has been whittled down to only 17 employees .
 It 's incredibly slow -LRB- and NOT because it 's scanning at a high resolution - it takes years just to get the software to launch in the first place -RRB- , insanely loud , and does n't produce great results . It was issued to me at work - if I 'd bought it myself , I 'd have returned it immediately .
 The latest version 7.16 Scan Wizardry does not work.They say it is compatible with OSX 10.3 . However , G5 , Powerbook G4 12 '' , I-Mac G4 running 10.3 had crashed at the start up of the program.Customer support will charge you $ 30 per every 30min . if you call to them.Do not buy it . Do not waste money .
 I dont know , how it could work , because it did n't want work at all . Careless company .
 I bought this scanner for my son at Christmas . I did n't hook it up for about 3 weeks . What a waste of $ 100 ! It has never worked . The pics have a purple hue on them which we cant correct . Refuse to pay $ 30/hr for tech support . Staples refused to take as a return because it was over 2 weeks old -LRB- even with receipt -RRB- . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !
 Well , let me start off by reiterating a simple fact of life
 This `` pen '' does not change easily at all . You have toline up this then push that then ull get the point you want . The stylus is flimsy . I agree with Denis , Im sending this back and shopping around for a much better one .
 This PDA Case is attractive and professional ; however , space is limited . My PDA was too big at 3.25 x 5 x .75 inches . The case features space for only one pen . It offers an extra stylus pen , but I could not remove it from its holder . Each cardholder houses 2-3 cards . Checkbook does n't fit well . Seems better suited to PalmPilot-sized PDAs , if PDAs fit well in it at all .
 This is not a wallet with a place to put money , as the picture shows shows . Also , the card slots are oriented vertically , instead of horizontally .
 Very good quality wallet But ... Unfortunately when you close the wallet it pushes the buttons on the Palm V. Thus turning the Palm on , making noises and draining the battery . I returned this product and finally settled on a body glove case . Although the body glove is not as elegant , it serves as a reliable wallet and case for my Palm V -LRB- x -RRB- without any problems .
 This was a gift . It was a new thing at the time and a huge waste of someone 's money , I am sure . First of all , when the ink runs out , good luck finding a replacement cartridge at all -LRB- let alone at a reasonable price for the amount of pictures you get . -RRB- It 's a pain to print . The way the paper feeds through is weird and sometime I have problems or smudges . You can buy prints online for 15 cents a picture by uploading them to one of the many gallery/print sites . They will be delivered to your door or a nearby by store for next to nothing in a few days . A product like this is unnecessary and a waste of money .
 I 'll add my voice to the negs and warners here
 I received this as a gift , I hate to think what was spent for it . The photo paper will not feed through the printer . I have never been able to use it ... Kodak said they will try to fix it but they want to charge my credit card $ 100 just to look at it and I am must pay shipping and handling both ways .
 I 've owned this printer for three years ; it was a wedding present from my brother-in-law . Honestly , I 'd much rather pay to have my photos printed professionally . The picture quality is alright , but definitely subpar compared to prints you 'd get at the store.What 's even more upsetting is how poorly the printer `` works '' . It constantly gives me a message to turn it off for 10 seconds and then restart it . It has a terrible time feeding the paper ; I 've tried different paper levels , but it just never catches the paper on it 's own . It takes several tries to print one picture and just is n't worth the hassle . I ca n't even use it to transfer pictures onto my computer ; that 's how poorly it operates . I give up !
 Quite a bit heavier than i thought this size printer would be , so not as handy for traveling with . Also the paper feed does n't want to route the paper through unless it is a full tray , so you have to bolster the tray to make it flow.Switching from printing one photo per page to several per page is a bit tricky.I had planned on taking this printer on vacations with me to use as references to paint from , but because of it 's weight wo n't be doing that.i would not buy this product again .
 I was so disappointed with this photo printer . I had it less than 48 hrs before I returned it ... broken ! A few pics printed out good - nice quality and great color . The rest looked like negatives . In fact , every other picture looked like negatives . I had to manually take out the photo cartridge and advance it to get it to print good quality - then the photo cartridge got stuck in the printer mid-picture . It was a disaster . The LCD screen is fuzzy and you ca n't see the quality of the picture until after it prints . Changing the photo cartridge every 40 pictures is unrealistic - it said my photo cartridge was out after just 5 pictures . And it prints funny - it prints first in just yellow , then sucks the picture back in and reprints with red over the yellow . Then it sucks it back in and adds more colors ... then it sucks it back in AGAIN to add more color . I was really disappointed in how complicated the process was for this printer and the horrible quality of photos . I returned it for an Epson Picture Mate .
 you can go to costco and save about $ 80 . check it out .
 Bought a Kodak 500 on line . The LCD never worked so I tried prints from my computer . They were washed out & did not come close to the Computer LCD screen image , Kodak instructed me to return the unit to New Jersey at my expense , evan though it never worked . The several hours spent on line with thier customer service & 17.00 for frieght were compensated with a sample film 10 pack worth 2.50 after I complained about the return freight . I recieved a replacement unit about a month later . It was used but `` certified '' by the repair center . I set it up & it gave a false empty ink pack message which constantly pops up , it will not work from my directly connected pict bridge equipped camera & the prints I ran from an inserted SD chip are good except the bottom of the pictures are blank with a ragged edge . I am now trying to get a refund & have been instructed to return this unit for repair , ALSO AT MY OWN EXPENSE !! stay clear , Kodak does not back these things for a good reason .
 We bought this printer at Christmas and the first had a blank screen -LRB- software problem -RRB- . We returned it to Best Buy , no problem . We enjoyed the new one for 9 months , and now we are having to shipped it to service at our expense with the exact same problem . I am currently reviewing camcorders and are finding reviews very informative . Please take ours to heart .
 Please ... find another photo printer.We purchased three units , based on the great reccomondation from Best Buy . Right now , one is making us manually feed the paper -LRB- it no longer auto-feeds -RRB- , another had the same problem , but is now no longer functioning correctly , and the third is only starting to act up . We had taken one back when the auto-feed stopped working and had BestBuy replace it , but then the new one immedietley did n't auto-feed right out of the box ! A friend of mine who purchased this based on my high reccomndation -LRB- after the first week of use -RRB- is now also having an auto-feed problem -LRB- he 's saying that he has to manually feed each page , but he 's ok with it -RRB- . So with a review of four products -LRB- five if you count the one we replaced at Best Buy -RRB- , this is a poor choice for a photo printer . : -LRB- Buyer Beware .
 its looks better than it works , its a bit to clear to be really effective , but it does offer some difussion
 Let me start out by saying , I hate flash photography . The flash creates spots of light , harsh shadows , and makes a picture look `` cheap '' . IMO . A defuser can soften the colors , even out the light , and bring out more details in a more naturally . Unfortunately this defuser does not really accomplish that significantly . But it is better than not having a defuser at all . Go look at my youtube video under GlockNinja channel . I did an unboxing video and a demonstration . Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- -LSB- ... -RSB- < ----- go see the video on this product .
 I saw all the 5 star reviews for this product and the sample images people had posted , one from my same camera -LRB- Nikon D40 -RRB- and decided to give it a try . Another reviewer had suggested taping a curved business card to the camera to deflect the flash to the ceiling , and was mocked by a different reviewer for doing so . I tried the business card trick until my Lumiquest Diffuser arrived . Sure , I had to bump up the flash a little and could only hold my camera one way , but I must say it worked far better than the results I got when the Lumiquest finally arrived . What a piece of junk ! It 's hard to see how anyone could get it to stay in position and even holding it while taking pictures I did n't get much better results than the naked flash . There has to be something better out there .
 Does not work well on Canon Powershot SX30IS . Wo n't stay attached to the front of the flash , even if it would the screen would rest on the pop up flash minimizing diffusion . Did very funky things with white balance even if I used the flash setting . Had to hold the item in place and use a custom white balance . Even then I got strange blue lighting areas in my shots . Returning the item .
 I ordered a Lightscoop and this Lumiquest soft screen . I am not pleased with this soft screen , it does not diffuse like I expected it to . I might as well have put a piece of wax paper in front of my flash . Of course , at this price point , you can not expect miracles . However , in order to get it to work on my camera , I would have to secure velcro TO YOUR CAMERA . Uhh , no . I did test it as best as I could , but even holding it with my left hand as it was supposed to be attached to the camera.The flash was barely diffused . Again , for 11 bucks , I am not sure what I was expecting.That said , I would seriously save a couple extra bucks and get a Lightscoop . The difference is unbelievable . I have a friend with a hotshoe flash and my indoor results were comparable to hers .
 I 'm glad that I did n't spend much on this diffuser for my built-in flash for my D80 . This product not only diffused the flash , but also eliminated its effectiveness overall . Rather than getting some sort 've soft light effect with this diffuser , I ended up getting underexposed shots -LRB- even with the flash strength boosted up to 1.0 + -RRB- . Thanks to the mediocre results I got from this product , I managed to just stick with my SB-400 in conjunction with an omnibounce diffuser . The pictures advertising this product look better than the product that you actually get . What you get is a plasticky/flimsy piece of material with velcro stickers to help attach it to your camera . Very disappointing indeed .
 What a terrible piece of equipment ! First , it you have to VELCRO it to your camera , putting adhesive goo on your hotshoe . If you try tilting your camera , it falls off because of the poor fit . It is just a pain to use - make one yourself and save some grief and money .
 It does what it 's supposed to but it 's about as cool as wearing your socks over your jeans . It 's also very clunky and hard to put on and keep on . But it does do what it 's supposed to do and pics turn out nice.Update
 Well , I ordered this after reading all the reviews . It came today and I read the directions and trimmed the left side -LRB- with the black up -RRB- and I still can not get the flash to fire at all . I 've trimmed tiny little pieces at a time and tried each time after the trim . Sometimes I can get it to fire if I push to the left or right in the hot shoe , but most times it wo n't fire . What a waste of $ $ $ . I wish I had put this $ in the red kettle at Wal-Mart instead . I ordered the Gary Fong Puffer Pop Up Flash Diffuser - CANON/NIKON and it 'll be here on Monday . I sure hope it 'll do what I need . I just do n't want to always take my Speedlight .
 First let me say that it will NEVER look as rounded and sturdy on your camera as it does in the product photo . Even when it 's behaving well , it 's going to look a little more jerry-rigged and flimsy . So far , it seems to help a little with providing more warmth and less blue/white glare to photos . But it 's not necessarily what you think it is going to be from the photos , so if you want a headstart on making something homemade , go ahead and buy this . But if you expect it to look and perform super professionally , keep looking . I 've seen a Gary Fong Puffer in action and it looks amazing . I 've heard comments that it breaks easily used with Nikon cameras -LRB- something about the fit in the hotshoe -RRB- but I 've got a Canon . It looks a lot sturdier than this and it performed really well in the shots my friend took .
 I am a natural-light photographer , but there are times when a little flash is definitely helpful . I purchased this soft screen and was not very impressed with it . I have n't used it very much at all , and when I have used it I have n't noticed a great difference between having it on or just going with the naked flash . Price-wise I do n't feel I was out too much money , though . I would not recommend purchasing this item .
 Save your money . The light diffusion when this is used on a Nikon D-90 is minimal . The screen does not easily curve like it is shown in the photo . The small tab that inserts into the hot shoe tends to straighten out and does not hold the angle required to get a curve in the diffuser . Because of this , the screen lies almost flat against the flash . As a result there is very little diffusion of the light . So - this will go into my drawer of never-to-be-used-again photo gadgets . You 'll be better off with a Fong Puffer or similar light modifier .
 I bought this item as it came recommended in a book . I was thrilled to get it as it says it 's compatible with all DSLRs . It seems as it might be more geared for Nikons and Canons - particularly when Canon is specifically mentioned in the small insert that are the instructions . I could not get it to work with the Alpha 200 as the manuafacturer suggested trimming to get it to fit . While they did respond to my inquiry , the instructions were very vague and I never got it to work . Very disappointed , but it may be a nice option for a Canon or a Nikon , which are two of the most popular cameras .
 Having used this product a short while , I find it almost useless !!!! I see no difference in my photos with or without it . At least it did n't cost much .
 Great idea , but sadly this product seems to have no effect on my pictures , taken with Canon digital rebel xti.Maybe it sits too near the flash to have an effect ?
 I was looking for an inexpensive diffuser for the pop-up on my Canon 7D . I had just spent a fair amount of $ $ on the camera & lens and the low price looked attractive , but as the title states
 I had high hopes for this item , too bad it did n't live up to them . I got it for my Canon Rebel XT so that a student of mine could try it - but the camera wo n't even fire the pop-up flash when the sheet is attached to the hot shoe -LRB- this is not an issue with that camera and other products -RRB- , and the little tab that is supposed to attach to the hot shoe does n't fit quite right - it 's too big , and I assume was pushing down on the sensors . After reading reviews decided to trim it to make it fit better and then the flash would fire , but the little plastic tab would n't stay snugly in the hot shoe anymore unless I held it there . I also tried it on my 40D and had the very same problem.Also , I could tell right away when I put it on both cameras that the sheet does not hold itself far enough away from the flash , so even if I could get it to work right , I doubt it would diffuse much.Maybe this is designed for other types of cameras , but it would be nice to have that info in the item description.In my case , I 'm glad it was only a couple dollars to try this out , I wo n't be recommending it anytime soon .
 Do not buy this product . I ordered it before reading the reviews and am sad to report that mine was also defective . The ipod plug is poorly made , and would not maintain a clean connection . I wish they would make it more durable , it was the best solution I had found so far for my Alpine with Ai-Net .
 Would be good if it worked longer than a few months of light use . Connector is poorly made snap-together with minimal stress relief , even gingerly used , the power leads short out and product fails .
 has a bad connection . first thought it was MY iPod but then tried others and it just wont stay connected well .
 It 's so thin , that the cap of the lens does n't have any chance to get hold on . All right it can fit , but at the little touch of everything it goes lose . For the price , I bought other brands and work better . Remember , the cheap you buy , the problems you get , but if you know about it , use it until you can afford to get the right one . For me , this lesson cost a lot .
 The Tiffen 77WIDUVP is a thin frame UV and protection filter intended for very wide angle lenses . It works correctly as far as that statement goes , but it 's got some serious deficiencies . The worst is that it 's got only a single filter thread on the front . I tried lens caps made by Nikon , Tokina , and Fotodiox , and none of them would stay on through even the slightest bump , even when I carefully seated the cap at exactly the right angle . If I put it on at the wrong angle , it would n't stay on at all . A screw-in cap worked a little better , but not much , and it 's extremely prone to cross threading.with my Tokina 11-16 at 11mm , a `` normal '' 5mm UV protection filter does n't give any vignetting and lens caps stay on as they should . With the 77WIDUVP and a second filter -LRB- I tried the thinnest normal filter I had -- the 5mm UV -RRB- I got very visible vignetting in the viewfinder . A thick filter like a polarizer or color-grad would be worse . And that second filter was very tough to put on correctly , because of cross threading , and even after getting it on right , it did n't take much of a bump to knock it off.perhaps for an even wider angle lens than my 11mm , this thing may make a difference , but at 11mm , it offers no improvement over a 5mm version of the same thing , and you 'll need some other sort of lens cap . Not worth it .
 The filter itself works and fits great . But my lens cap ca n't attach to it . It 's not deep enough . Very frustrating !!!
 I wish I would have read the reviews earlier . I did n't know how thin this filter was until I got it and now I have to either store it without a lens cap on or take it on/off each time which is n't ideal either.What a pain . Will likely just get a new filter that I can use my lens cap on .
 These lamps look even better in person than in the pictures , the shape is pleasing to the eye , and they cast a warm glowing light that in a darkened room is more universally filtered throughout each unit than the bright light in the middle you see in the picture . Like modern candles without the worry of fire , right?Nope , this is not a product for lazy/obsessivly clean people who do n't want to be bothered with the soot or other problems associated with candles . They have rigid instructions on when to charge and how often , along the lines of -LRB- 5 hours every three months if used for X number of hours , or be sure to fully drain battery then recharge every 6 weeks , etc. -RRB- As I insisted on making my expensive impulse buy worthwhile I read very carefully and stuck to any instructions , filled out my manufacturer warranty and treated these lamps like children . At adolescent phase -LRB- after the 1 year included warranty had expired -RRB- the children were acting up . Flickering and refusing to charge , flashing odd patterns , and NEVER turning off.UPDATE
 When I first purchased this product -LRB- made by Vessel -RRB- , the charging base was defective . This was replaced by the manufacturer at no charge . However , over the next few years -LRB- read `` AFTER WARRANTY '' -RRB- all of the lamps began acting erratically , lighting when they should be charging , turning off when removed from the charger , not lighting at all , etc. . I contacted Vessel several times asking for assistance trouble-shooting , I even offered to return to them to be refurbished . Although they agreed the charger was most likely defective again , they offered only a 15 % discount on purchasing any replacement parts . All of the possible replacement parts -LRB- batteries and/or charger -RRB- are expensive . I loved the product when it worked properly , but it is far too expensive to last such a short time . While it lasted , this product was great for use in our RV .
 it buys the filters 58mm UV and polarizer , and for my surprise they arrived both with a ray in the glass ! , they are of VERY BAD QUALITY , costs much to clean them , I have others of smaller quality and the polvopor almost does not stick they , I do not recommend them are very bad and above they came failed
 Just rec 'd this filter and it arrived damaged . The glass is loose and it rattles . I will post another review when I get an intact filter .
 I should have stuck with what I know works , bought it took it all the way to australia just to find out that it makes everything VERY VERY dark and leaves wierd streaks on your images1 !!!
 Both of the Tiffen filters I bought -LRB- 2 separate orders , a few weeks apart -RRB- arrived smeared with some kind of greasy gunk.It was extremely difficult to get them clean.What ever the stuff was just got smeared around , and it took me forever to get it all off.I still worry that there may be a film of it left on there that will degrade the clarity of my photos.It was n't worth the hassle to return them , but next time I need a filter , I wo n't buy Tiffen .
 This item is either not coated or has a single coating and thus any time sun hits the filter , it produces flare in the picture . Furthermore , after doing more research it turns out that these uncoated or single coated filters can cause up to 9 % light loss vs multi-coated filters like Hoya S-HMC or B+W MRC filters . As for polarizer effect itself , I think it 's amazing and you owe it to yourself to at least try it on a nice sunny day . -LRB- the sky and foliage will look completely different and alive -RRB-
 I bought one and am very disappointed with it . My older filter on a film camera gave a very nice dark blue sky on almost every single shot I took . This filter does not give the same quality , nor the dark sky effect I hoped for on my EOS 30D DSLR . Extremely disappointed .
 When the filter arrived it was clear that it was not factory fresh . The package was not sealed and there was a fingerprint on the glass . I did n't bother to return it because after cleaning the glass it seemed to work properly .
 I received a used filter with some dirty marks on it which I ca n't clean it . Really disappointed with what I received so I returned it .
 This appears to be just a ND filter in a polarizer ring . I have tried several `` tests '' -LRB- Viewing LCD screen and turning , looking through polarized sunglasses and turning , looking to the sky 90 degrees from the sun and turning . Nothing changes . A cheapo CPL for a smaller lens darkens and changes the polarization . I though tiffen was supposed to be a top notch company , but guess not .
 The Panasonic Lumix FZ35 has a really nice Leica super-zoom lens that opens to very wide angle - great feature , very useful . When this filter is mounted on the lens -LRB- it screws onto the end -RRB- the four corners of the frame show the edges of the filter . All four corners are black . Once you zoom in a bit this goes away , but it 's annoying . I do n't know if this is a problem with the filter or the lens but I 'm disappointed .
 i bought this filter for the price , but was very disappointed when i used it . it does not attach well to my canon t1i . it seems like the threading is not really a fit . it fell off my lens once already . it came in a packaging that makes it hard to tell if this filter has previously been returned . there was a lot of dust on the filter and when i called adorama -LRB- the seller -RRB- about it , they said that it 's `` not a dust free environment '' so they just told me to `` blow '' off the dust . in hind sight , i would much have rather spent $ 10 extra dollars to get the hoya filter that had much better reviews .
 Although delighted to see my package arrive , was disappointed to see that the filter case is opened up , spotted some scratches on the filter itself = -LRB-
 Very poor build quality ... my ring was shaking/rattling ... and its extremely prone to attracting dust ... gives u decent amount of contrast ... probably u get what u pay for i guess ... apart from that the biggest problem was the treads are too tight and rough ... was a pain putting it on and getting it off my lens ... but as i said its really really affordable and give u fair amount of contrast in ur pics ... just wish build quality was a bit better .
 I am not particularly happy with this CPL. It is unable to handle flares if the sun is atleast 45degrees to the lens and there is some sunlight on the filter . My previous filters did not have this problem . Have to be really very careful when using this filter otherwise it would ruin your shot .
 I sent it back because it had been cross threaded and it had finger prints all over it .
 This filter is well made and the rotation of the polarizing element is smooth and flawless , however , while it `` fits '' on the Tamron 200 > 500 zoom lens I purchased it for , it does not allow the lens hood to be attached and so should not be sold for that lens . I was able to return it for full credit and purchased the Sigma AF11960 EX DG 86mm polarizing filter instead and that filter fits and allows the lens hood to be attached . Note that the Tamron lens has its own filter ring rotation element .
 This filter does n't do much of anything . I should have listened to the reviews . JUNK Save your money for a better one .
 When I opened the package , surprise ! the lens was outside of the original plastic box . And the plastic box has a lot of scratch . Fortunately the lens itself does n't have any scratch , but the result of photos I took with this lens is too dark . I am not satisfy the quantity of this lens . The $ 7 Zeikos circular polarizer has much better result than this $ 35 one .
 Was this a 72mm circular polarizer ?
 ALthough it is specified by Panasonic , this filter does not fit on the HDC - SD1 AVDC camera . the vendor did allow return but I had to pay shipping and was not pleased .
 l purchased this polarizing lens but returned it today for a refund . as i rotated the lens to create a different look nothing happened . l have read the positive reviews on this lens , i guess i just received a defective one , either that or these people know nothing of what they say . i have never had a polarizing lens fail as this one has . hb
 I put in on my canon EF 70-200 , F4L.The blue-sky effect is very little if exist at all.I returned it .
 The 1st time I used it it got stuck on the lens and was impossible to get it off . I ended up dropping the camera and breaking the bottom plate of the camera . This was the most expensive filter I ever bought .
 A circular polarizer has three mechanical components . One is the set of threads for mounting to the camera . The second is the mechanism that mounts the rotating polarizing glass to the camera base mount to the camera . The third is the set of threads that allows an additional filter or a lens cap . Only the last is functional . The first two are loose . The problem with loose mounting between the filter and the camera can intermittently -LRB- one time it works , the next time it does n't -RRB- cause the filter to require a plumber 's wrench -LRB- hyperbole -RRB- to remove the filter ; other times it comes off as one would expect . With the rotating glass , it is too loose . Set it and bump the outer ring and the setting is off . Do n't think that it ca n't happen between shots . Other manufacturers ' circular filters , have more resistance . Both the filter section and the lens-mount section jiggle in their settings . I only use the outer filter threads for the lens cap . I have n't had any problems losing a lens cap because of the threads . I have had no flare problem with the optics . The unit reviewed is used with a Nikkor lens , 18-200mm . The problems have n't occurred with other brands of filters on the same lens . After a frustrating 3 + years with this Tiffen filter , I 'm replacing it with a B+W .
 I returned the filter because it was used , old -LRB- ancient packaging -RRB- and had scratches and fingerprints on it . It was advertised as new . All this is a seller thing , and not the filter 's fault.The filter , though , was very weak . That is , I doubt it would take my glass down 1/2 stop-seriously . I also noticed -LRB- without mounting it -RRB- that when used on an LCD monitor for testing , it was very weak at rejecting light at 90 degrees . That is to say , the effect was very weak . In addition , the filter 's outer glass just spun freely . How would I fix that?I feel that my best glass -LRB- 70-200mm f/2 .8 L IS USM -RRB- deserves to look through something phenomenal , so I traded up to the : Heliopan 77mm Circular Polarizer Lens FilterBaddest piece of glass I could find ! Brass rings instead of the aluminum ones in Tiffen and Hoya , and a calibrated wheel with markings make this the choice.There comes a time when checap is just too expensive . I want to make my L glass better , so why would I put layered/laminated glass over it?If you have a cheap lens -LRB- at 77mm ? OK , whatever ! -RRB- , then this might really be a value . On the other hand , if you know what a circular polarizer even IS , you probably should be buying the best. : -RRB-
 Save your money . Had seen others write that filter was assembled backwards and other flaws . They were right.Cheaply designed and made . Get a Heliopan from Adorama , you 'll be very pleased .
 This polarizer just darkens - barely polarizes . I tried using it with a blue ocean and cloudy sky and it did not enhance like other polarizers i have bought . Save your money and buy a better one .
 The filter was shipped in an open plastic box , no plastic bag to wrap the filter . The filter was quite dirty when it came . Bought 3 Tiffen filters and all three are like this.Still thinking whether I should return this .
 I bought the Tiffen 62mm approx . $ 30 polarizer from Amazon . When it arrived it was all smudged and dusty . But even worse , it had a small scratch on the glass . Also the thread on the ring looked badly made , or else must have been scratched during transit , because if you looked closely you could see that the paint had come of from the edges and the edges themselves looked slightly jagged . It made a disconcerting scraping noise when I put it on the lens , and that 's when I decided I 'm not going to use it because I 'm afraid the unfinished edges will damage the threads on my lens . I got a Sigma UV filter along with this one and wow , what a difference in quality ! The glass on the Sigma was smooth and clean and the ring and threads were very cleanly made . You could just see how poor quality the Tiffen was by comparison when you looked at the two rings side by side ; the metal was all scratched looked like it had been crafted by hand with a hammer . And both filters came in the same shipment so it was n't the case that something happened to the Tiffen during delivery . I do n't know if the problem is bad packaging on Tiffen 's part -LRB- the box did look like it would not hold the lens so securely as Sigma 's -RRB- or just poor quality control , but in any case I now seriously question the reliability of this brand . I am returning it to Amazon and buying a different brand . I 'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1 because the polarizing effect did seem to work pretty well , for what that 's worth .
 Not see polarization with LCD screen or polarized sun glasses . -LRB- Other brand and other size can definitely see when rotate ring -RRB- which means there is no meaning to rotate the ring . Can only use as protect glass or maybe a step down
 The consumer is led to believe that this item can project sharp and well illuminated holiday images onto his or her house . The advertised pictures depict a very large house at night with most of its inside lights on , as well as a bright outer portico light -LRB- basically a porch light -RRB- , and the EZ 2-in-1 projector projecting an incredibly sharp , well illuminated image of bats or snowflakes or deer or santas and so forth onto the majestic house . In reality , the projected images are very dimly illuminated and difficult to make out no matter how closely one places the projector to the house , which of course narrows the projected field to cover only a fraction of the front of the house . And even at such a close range , the illumination is still absolutely horrid . I suspect the advertised images are computer enhanced , making the company liable for false advertising
 WOW , tried to buy this item last year and it was out of stock ! Wish it had been this year . The adsyou see are totally fabricated crap !!! My house is dark in color , would n't you think it would providea great background for white snowflakes ? NO ! The light is very weak can barely see the image on the house in total darkness . In the yard overnight -- in the dumpster today . What a waste of $ $ $ .
 This product does not work as advertised . It would n't project on our house , and it would n't even project clearly on the garage door . I have serious doubts that it would project on a closet door in a pitch black room . This was a HUGE disappoinment and a waste of our time . Pitiful . I contacted the seller twice to return it and they have n't even responded . I 've had to file a claim with Amazon .
 I used this for two years outdoors at Christmas . Worked perfectly . Then it failed and it 's irreparable.What failed was the motor that made the mirror ball rotate . The projector still works fine , but only projects a static image . What really annoys me is this was designed with the motor -- a small electrical motor that could easily be replaced for a few dollars -- SEALED INSIDE the mirror ball . I had to cut open the ball to get to the motor and , well , let 's just say that putting Humpty Dumpty back together again is child 's play compared to reassembling a mirror ball.A little forethought in the design could have avoided this . Motors wear out -- just like bulbs do . First year engineering stuff
 Waste of time and money . We only have a few christmas lights out front which is why we wanted to try the EZ Up light show . But it is n't bright enough , nor crisp enough . The image they show with the snow flakes is clearly faked and I have a good mind to call the state attorney because of that . The field of projection is much less for vertical displays like the snowflake so to cover a regular size house you need 2 or 3 of these.It is EZ to set up and thankfully it is EZ to take apart because this is going back .
 I chose to ignore the other reviews that said that this was not worth the money , and am now regretting not listening to them.I had the same issues with dim images that were sort of splotchy and indistinct . This is not a focus issue - even after adjustment , one side of the image would be sharp , then the middle would be darker , and the other edge would be fuzzy and indistinct.The claim of false advertising by others seems to have some merit - the images look nothing like the ones in the advertisement . I am in agreement that to me the images in the ad photos looked like they were faked . There is no way the projector I received could project anything close to the bright , sharp images on my house.My house is also brick , as noted by one of the other reviewers . This may be part of the issue -LRB- but not all -RRB- . A flat , textured surface that is medium terra cotta in color is not going to project anywhere near as well as a bright white smooth sided house . -LRB- This is why movie screens are white or silver - reflect better . -RRB- Even so , the house in the ad photos is also brick . It is very well lit from within and by external lighting . I turned all lights off in my house and outside on a dark night and could barely see the images projected on the house . I suspect the ad photo was Photochopped.I think this could be a good product with some engineering changes , such as : - a brighter bulb -LRB- say , 100w instead of 55w -RRB- -LRB- however , do not do this yourself as it may be a fire hazard or worse since the extra heat and current might melt the projector and start a fire -RRB- - a narrower beam bulb -LRB- e.g. - 10 degrees -RRB- - maybe use a 120V bulb with a separate plug instead of the 12V bulb - or go with a 100w equivalent LED bulb -LRB- which are not yet on the market -RRB- - a foil-lined barrel down which the light shines to reflect more light through the image slide - better mirrors onto which the bulb projects -LRB- I suspect this is what is causing the uneven images -RRB- But for this product as-is , I feel it just does not work properly .
 Waste of time and money . We only have a few christmas lights out front which is why we wanted to try the EZ Up light show . But it is n't bright enough , nor crisp enough . The image they show with the snow flakes is clearly faked and I have a good mind to call the state attorney because of that . The field of projection is much less for vertical displays like the snowflake so to cover a regular size house you need 2 or 3 of these.It is EZ to set up and thankfully it is EZ to take apart because this is going back .
 This looks like great fun , but not when all the parts to assemble the projector are not shipped . After shipping the price tag is $ 87.39 and I 'm pretty upset that for this price I now have to go through the hassle of sending it back and waiting for another to ship -LRB- and hope all parts are included in it -RRB- or going to the hardware store in the hopes of finding pieces that will work to hold it together . Not impressed ...
 I bought this product over 2 years ago . It lasted just under a year and then did n't work as it was not getting power from the base of the unit . I called the company who supplies them and they replaced the base for me so I thought everything was great . About 4 months ago it went out again . This time I pulled the base apart and pulled out the transformer . I found that no power was coming from the transfromer . I called the supplier again who said it is passed warranty and there was nothing they could do for me and suggested I call an electrical supply house for a new transformer . I went online to the company who made the transfromer and looked up the model number . Come to find out the transformer supplied with the unit is not rated for exterior use . Even though they claim the unit is UL listed for exterior use it is not true . The unit I bought came with a Pilot International Ltd , Model LVT-75BL . Go to their website a look at this transformer and you will see clearly that it is not rated for exterior use . Working with electricity as much as I have , I am possitive this is the reason why mine have fail both times . Do not buy this product as it will not last very long .
 This is made from plastic where you hold the arm accross.It will break and bye bye projector.I sent it back before projecting but I bet it is awful !
 I bought this filter for a canon 17 55 wide angle lens . I suppose it serves its function and protects the lens , but the overriding problem is that it does n't allow for the lens cap to seal . The lens cap can barely be secured to the filter and will fall off repeatedly .
 This filter came in a bundle and is just good for protecting lense front element . I start using my lens with filter and was wondering why all images are bit soft looking . After several weeks I realized to remove this filter and softness was gone . I do n't recommend this product to anyone .
 What a shame , the product arrives with blemishes and dust that could not be removed.Basically un-usable . No I need to pay extra for an express shippe dproduct but it will not be a Tiffin Filter for sure .
 This is just a basic UV filter , and is usually pretty useful , but occasionally creates serious problems . I 've noticed that I get blue/green noise on my images in back-lit or bright photographs . This is a serious problem , and is n't always noticeable in the viewfinder . It 's no fun to get home and find out that some of your favorite compositions look like crap.I 'm usingNikon D90 12.3 MP Digital SLR Camera -LRB- Body Only -RRB- with aNikon 50mm f/1 .8 D AF Nikkor Lens for Nikon Digital SLR Cameras , which both function beautifully , so the filter is definitely the problem.If you ca n't afford a better filter , go with this one . Be ready to take it off when you are outside though .
 I received this filter as a freebee on a lens that I bought . I went out on a sunset shoot at the beach and was getting tons of internal reflections . Bad filter .
 Any photographer who has the money to purchase a lens with a professional 77mm filter size can afford better than this uncoated Tiffen filter . I 'm skeptical by nature , so I wanted to see for myself whether coated glass was really necessary . I purchased this Tiffen filter and used it on two different lenses and found that in almost every single photograph in which there was a light source , I found two smaller ghost images of the light source elsewhere in the photo . This uncoated glass really knows how to make lens flare POP -LRB- even if it 's not the lens that 's flaring ... -RRB- ! I sent mine back , with the biggest loss being my time and Christmas photographs of family that would have otherwise been very nice.What made the two little ghosts appear on the Tiffen ? Light as faint as Christmas tree lights , table lamps , incandescent overhead bulbs , etc. . You name it , basically.How do I know this was due to the UV filter and not my lenses ? When I saw some pretty nasty flare , I just unscrewed the Tiffen filter and voila , my flare disappeared.Le flare est morte . Vive le flare!Seriously , spend just a bit more and get a good , coated -LRB- on both sides -RRB- filter ; picky people like myself will gladly spend a little more and get a coated filter by Hoya or B+W , among others . The Tiffen is fine if you only shoot in the shade without any relatively bright lights ; otherwise , my advice is to look elsewhere .
 This filter is fine for normal shooting , but if you do low-light work , beware ; you will see bad internal reflections on night shots , and will need to remove the filter .
 I got this filter before I understood the difference between cheap filters and ones that actually work well . I was getting such great results with my new 50mm f/1 .8 lens during the day , but at night i was getting a lot of ghosting and flaring in my pictures . It took me a while to realize it was because of the filter . After doing some online research , I decided to remove the filter , and my pictures were all suddenly better with that lens . The glass was affecting my picture quality!The glass used is cheap , and not very good quality , so it can actually degrade your pictures . It works well to protect the glass on the lens from scratches or dust , but it 's a much better idea to pay $ 20 more and get a good filter that will actually help you get better pictures . If you do n't want to pay the extra for a decent filter , you might be better off just leaving the filter off . I reccomend Hoya Pro1 and B&W ; filters ; and in the 52mm size , the price is very reasonable . Once you start buying nicer lenses that require 77mm filters , that 's where the good filters really start adding up . But again , you are n't going to want to put a cheap filter on a $ 1000 lens.I know this review might sound negative , but if it helps someone capture a memory better because they decided to get a little nicer filter , it will be worth it .
 Took the suggestion of Amazon and bought this filter for the Canon 50mm f1 .8 since the price was cheap . I will never make the mistake of buying a cheap filter again . Unlike other filters I have , the threads were not very good and had trouble getting the filter on the lens . When it was on , do n't shoot in low light because it will ruin every photo . I have these green glowing spots on each shot , the internal reflection is not acceptable even on a $ 75 lens . Sorry Tiffen , I 'm going back to Hoya , have n't had this problem on other lenses with their filters.Next time I will take the advice of amazon but look for better quality items . Live and learn , at least it was only $ 10 I am out cause it will be too much work to try and return it .
 Much has been said about how poorly this lens performs since it is not multi-coated , but that is the least of its problems . The lens I received is very poorly constructed . The glass does not sit tightly within the metal frame ; it moves and rattles around . I would never install this on a lens a care about , and I certainly will never consider another Tiffen filter . Fortunately , I did not pay for this filter -LRB- it was free with a new Canon lens -RRB- and thanks to the reviews I had the good sense to order a more expensive mutli-coated filter at the time I bought my lens . I 'll keep this one around in case I ever want to try some type of ` risky ' shot where I 'm likely to end up damaging the filter .
 I bought this filter to protect my Olympus Zuiko Portrait Prime Lens . Big Cons
 This filter shows up as a recommended accessory for the Panasonic DMC-FZ50 . However , it does not fit this particular camera.The diameter is right , 55mm . But the threads are not right . At first , I suspected that the threads-per-inch is different . But I went to a local camera store and purchased another filter , and this Tiffen filter screws in to the new filter OK . So I suspect that it 's not the threads-per-inch , but maybe the threads are too tall -LRB- they have a slightly large diameter which binds against the camera -RRB- . The man at my local camera store said that Tiffen changed their packaging a long while back , and the filter that I had was in the older packaging . So perhaps this filter was made for older film cameras and not for newer digital cameras -LRB- that 's him talking , not me -RRB- . Either way , this filter only screws in about 1/3 of a turn and then starts to bind . Do n't buy this filter to fit a Panasonic DMC-FZ50 .
 Glass is loose in frame and rattles a little . Quality could be better . Fast shipment .
 Performs as intended . That is after I spent a lot of time cleaning it . I will add that the filter was n't scratched , just dirty w/water spots .
 As others have stated on here , these are NOT coated , and WILL cause light reflections on your images . I ruined several great shots because of this filter . I just returned it , and will just spend real money on a B+W multi-coated filter . If you are just getting this as a lens protector , I 'd recommend a lens hood instead .
 i 've just got into photography i do n't know much but i 'm sure that the green glare is not something that people may want on their pictures . these lenses are not something i would recommend . also i bought two of these specific lenses and one of them the glass rotates within the black casing and is really annoying . i will not be using these lenses .
 For an inexpensive filter -LRB- free with the lens I bought -RRB- it is fine . lots of ghosting as you might expect for an uncoated filter . I have removed it and do not plan on using it again.On my bigger glass I tend to use 77mm multi-coated filters which run in the ~ $ 100 + range . I may purchase a 58mm coasted version of this filter for ~ $ 40 -LRB- or about 10 % of the cost of the lens I would be putting it on -RRB- . However , with the 50mm f1 .4 I tend to shoot in low light with light sources in the frame . No filter will generally be my choice for these situations .
 -LRB- Tiffen 67mm UV Protection Filter -RRB- I knew it would cause reflection of lit-up areas of my picture composition and thats what its doing so i can not blame it . I ordered another better filter for quite an expensive lens of mine alongside this one which was multicoated . From this filter you should only expect dust protection and that 's it . That 's enough for its cost
 What a waste of a few bucks . I knew I bought an inexpensive filter but please , could n't you just run a marker around the cut edges of the glass ? The edges looked cheap and reflective . Do n't make the same mistake , mine is aging in a drawer .
 purchased this one as spare filter for lens , not happy for the problems , anyway , you get what you paid .1 st problem , the light would be reduced 20 ~ 30 % after this filter was attached , and another hoya filter will not reduce any noticeable light ; 2nd , the lens cover can not insert to the filter deep enough , as the original lens or hoya filter .
 I bought this last year for $ 13.65 -LRB- omg ! it 's $ 7.50 now ! urgh ! -RRB- with my Tamron 28-75mm . I used this lens to take portraits and I notice the images are not sharp at all when I zoomed in.I later switched to my Canon 70-200mm -LRB- I know it 's different quality compare to the Tamron -RRB- with the B+W filter , and it was super sharp.Even if the shutter was fast and the light was even , 9 out of 10 images still came out blurry . It bugged me so much to do a comparison test with and without the filter.without the filter , my images were so much sharper.As long as you do n't zoom in , it 's fine.So , you really get what you paid for . IF you want to protect your lens and not really care about sharpness , go ahead to get this thingy . But , if you care about the sharpness of your photo , stay away . Might as well donate the $ 7.50 to SPCA or whatever charity you support .
 This is a very cheap piece of glass and to top it I got a copy that is loose with no foam pad & folded catalog in the case . I think I got a returned item . Add $ 10 more and get a better filter .
 Since Amazon offered this filter for free with theNikon 35mm f/1 .8 G AF-S DX Lens for Nikon Digital SLR CamerasI figured `` why not '' . But just a few random shots taken from the living room sofa showed the prominent bizarre green reflections mentioned in the other reviews . Even though they are most obvious in high-contrast situations -LRB- bright lights in a dim room -RRB- , the same reflections must certainly exist in normally-lit situations , reducing image contrast even if no specific reflected objects are visible . For that reason , the only times I 'd ever put this filter on my lens would be for throwaway shots -LRB- trying out camera features -RRB- or shooting in dirty environments -LRB- potential for dust or water spray -RRB- . The image artifacts are so severe it makes you wonder if this was actually designed as a special effects filter with a reflection-enhancing coating . I ca n't imagine why a reputable company would put their name on this product - although the filter feels solidly built with metal and glass -LRB- not polycarbonate -RRB- construction , it 's optical performance is atrocious .
 I got this Tiffen 52mm filter free because I had bought a Nikon 35mm lens . At first I thought this should be an awesome filter because it is made by a good company I heard about before , but there is reflection and flare in your picture when you take them . So , I decided to buy a different filter . I ended buying the sigma dg multi-coated filter . Just looking at the filter you can tell the difference in quality . When putting your finger in front of the sigma lens you ca n't even see the lens at all , but do the same thing in front of the Tiffen filter and the lens is very noticeable . I would recommend getting the Sigma filter . It only cost like $ 10 more for something of WAY higher quality in build , performance and size.PS . The metal edge of the lens even came a little scratched up , which was n't the case with the Sigma
 In my tamron 70-200 creates a very unpleasant effect on the grass slightly out of focus . View this picture
 There is a lot of lens flare with this glass . . `` You get what you pay for '' comes to mind with this one ... It does work for the most part . it keeps your lens safe ... : P
 I had purchased this along with my 50mm f/1 .8 mkII thinking that it would protect everything well and improve my photos . While it did do a good job protecting , everything thing else was horrible . First , with any picture I took that had a light source ... that light source was reflected in green on the opposite side of my photo . Second , the filter got STUCK ON THE LENS . I had to have it professionally removed ! If you do n't mind the green reflection in your photos , then by all means purchase this . Otherwise ... stay far away ! It is not worth the $ 23 .
 While my older 52mm filters would screw into the front of my new Canon XS30IS , I found that the 52mm Tiffen would not . I was unsure if the threads were different , or incorrect . Looking on the Amazon site I found another seller offering a 58mm filter/holder and cap kit for the same camera . I 'm unsure if this is a better option or if I just need a different 52mm filter . I also wonder if a UV filter is really needed , or I should use just a clear filter on a digital camera ?
 It appears that the glass of which the filter was made was not tempered by the way it broke when it was subjected to a gentle tap . If the Tiffen process does not call for tempering the glass then it has a defficient process for a product to be used as a protection filter . Fortunaely it do not cause damge to the lens it was intentended to protect . Not have had that happening to me in fifty years of buying UV/Protection filters for seven cameras beginning from a Leica 3G , bought 2nd hand in 1950 .
 I bought this product knowing it will protect my lens but i discovered that it will damage it so I returned it . I have a wide angle tokina that i just purchased along with the said filter , when i placed it to the lens it touches the glass when zoomed at 24 mm.No ill feelings but just disapointed .
 If all you need is filter to protect your lens and you primarily shoot in the shade without any light sources , then this is the filter for you . I personally will be returning this filter and have already invested in a B+W coated filter which is significantly better . The Tiffen lens produced way too much ghosting and flaring with even the slightest hint of sunlight . The B+W lens worked perfectly , and all of my images came out beautifully . So the moral of the story is if you 've got a decent lens and want to produce the best possible images , invest your money in a better filter . It really does make a big difference !
 When I purchased my Canon HF S200 camcorder , Amazon advertized wrong size UV Filter . I orderd it , and when I found it was the wrong size , I sent it back . Please save everyone money by linking the proper size filter with the item purchased . This is Amazon 's fault , not the fault of the seller , I think .
 I returned the item within 5 minutes after I opened the box . It 's such a defect item that the glass is almost falling off from the unit . This is a very very poor quality product . It 's obvious that neither the manufacture nor the seller -LRB- in this case amazon.com -RRB- cares about their brand and reputation . I 'm very disappointed in amazon.com .
 This item arrived loose in the outer box -LRB- out of it 's factory box -RRB- . It appears to have a number of manufacturing defects either in the coating or in the glass itself . These appear as tiny `` bubbles '' or `` pits '' as you view light through the filter . Amazon is sending a replacement , but it will be 6 to 8 weeks before it is available . Overall , not a great experience .
 I put this on my 50mm 1.8 . It cost me around five bucks . I had been very happy with it until one day I suspected that all the ghosting , glares , and reflections of light sources on some photos might come from this filter . I do an experiment with a light source , a lamp , in the photo . Yes , the refection is in the photo . I can even see the reflection through viewfinder . I then swap it with a HOYA HMC . The refection is gone . The reflection for sure is not there if I do n't put any filter on . This filter does protect my lens well . But the whole purpose of the lens is to take quality pictures , not to be cherished behind a glass.Tiffen filters of different sizes have been Amazon best sellers . Yes , they fit well . The build quality is good . But you will be very sorry when you finally find that it is the cause of the glares , ghosting , and reflections . I believe Tiffen has coated versions . But I did n't try them.The problem is not on the quality of the filters . They are simply not coated . But if I have to be mindful about what it might harm my photos when I take them in certain situations , I can not use them.I know B+W has good filters , but they are expensive . I have been having good luck with HOYA HMC . It is around twenty dollar range . Very affordable . So my suggestion is dump this filter and go with that one .
 This filter does not have anti glare so anytime you take a picture with a little more light around , the `` green ghosts '' will appear . I noticed it does n't even have to be facing the light ... So outdoors with this filter is impossible.The two stars it 's because it 's strong and looks like a good protection , but no use if it ruins your pictures . Sending back for a refund .
 This filter is not coated , and the reflections are awful . It was n't worth returning it , so I use it as a lens cap and take it off to shoot pictures . I got a Hoya coated filter and it was well worth the extra money .
 I ordered the Tiffen 58mm UV filter to use on a Nikon 50mm f1 .4 G . It did n't look all that bad , but I immediately noticed increased flare and degraded sharpness in my pictures . It required a filter wrench to remove it from the lens because the mount is very soft and threads not quite machined right . After I removed the filter , the glass was rattling loose in the ring . It is now in the trash bin . I purchased the B+W 58mm UVA -LRB- Ultra Violet -RRB- Haze MRC Filter # 010 to replace it .
 The filter that I received rattles like crazy !!!! I could imagine it interrupting a wonderful moment with its rattling obnoxious sounds when you move the camera around . Buy something else .
 Beware of assuming that the UV filter recommended by Amazon for a particular camera with a fixed lense size that I purchased is the correct size . It was n't even close . No size was given for the lense diameter . I returned the filter for a full refund minus my shipping & all the hassel of packaging it .
 This is the first time I purchased a product by Tiffen . I 'm using this UV Protection filter mainly for the protection of my new lens , and I assume most people purchase a UV filter for the same reason . The main drive for me to choose this product is because of the reduced price and the 10-year warranty . Being a simple UV filter , there are n't any extra effects except the advertised `` Helps eliminate bluish cast in images . '' My prints just came back , and I ca n't really see too much of a difference with my untrained eyes .
 When it arrived , it was rattling . My other lens filters did not rattle . I put it on and it still rattles , and the lens cap ca n't fit properly into the filter . I 'm quite disappointed in the product and will be purchasing a different brand of filter for my lens .
 I 've got this filter as a free add-on for nikkor 35/1 .8 f lens . It ca n't handle any direct light , literally , any light -LRB- lamp , reflect from the lamp , etc -RRB- . It has enormous reflects . Basically , it has the same optic properties as piece of regular glass . I would n't spend any penny on this item .
 Would NOT screw into my brand new lens . Other filters that I have screw in easily . Very disappointing performance from Tiffen !
 Got this for my 50mm as protection . Its well constructed and no issues with image quality . I was a little concerned with the thickness , but no vignetting with my lens . Get one !!! update -LRB- July 2010 -RRB- . Am disappointed with this filter . After some use I have noticed that the glass does not seem to be clean no matter what I do . Used all sorts of cleaners etc but no effect . Have been leaving it on instead of a lens cap , but I take it off before shooting . Have recently acquired a Nikon NC filter that is head and shoulders above this ... and well worth the price . Lesson learned . Will not make this mistake again !!!
 Length :
 The plastic box is very clumsy . The crew is hardly fitted on my Canon and Sigma lenses . Do n't waste your money on this .
 The inside case was crashed while the outer box is perfect , so what 's that mean ??!! That means you know this item was broken and you still sent it to me , what 's your problem ??
 This came for free when I ordered a 100mm f/2 .8 macro Canon lens . It took it because when you sell a lens people like to see that it has a filter and its good to throw in as a `` bonus . '' That being said , I would n't have paid anything for this UV filter . Do n't put a $ 10 piece of glass in front of a $ 500 - $ 1,000 lens . If you really feel like you need one , try thisHoya 67mm HD Hardened Glass 8-layer Multi-Coated Digital UV -LRB- Ultra Violet -RRB- Filter .
 When taking still photos using the built in flash on the Panasonic TM900 video camera , reflection from the filter causes a bright smudge in the middle of the image .
 It 's not the most clear glass , but it works . However , I bought it for the protection on my Canon 17-40mm lens . It always sounded a little loose and moved easily ... then finally it CRACKED . I 'm lucky it did n't scratch my new lens . I 'm going for the B&W filters from now on . So much for savings , now I 'm paying more than I would have if I just did it right the first time !
 I have just received the Tiffen UV Filter 52MM for my T1i . I bought the Canon EF 50mm f/1 .8 II lens . I screwed the UV filter to the lens and the glass mysteriously came loose and rattles . Is this suppose to happen or no ? I have n't had the chance to even try it as I am awaiting for my camera .
 Great clarity and well made , however I clicked the add both to cart without really checking it out . I am always out shooting at night and this filter does nothing to reduce lens flare , it may even amplify it . Sending it back .
 I know there are a few other reviews that talk about this filter creating spots on the lens . I concur with those reviews . I 've used this with my 35mm prime lens , and have gotten to the point where I just take it off before shooting , as most of my shots would come out with a green spot/tint . I still keep it on for when I carry the lens around just as added protection , but I doubt I 'll even do that for long , as it gets tedious taking the filter on and off.I got this free with the lens , but even so I still feel a bit ripped off .
 I bought this because Amazon suggested together with my Xacti 1000 , however it was the wrong size which needs an adaptor plus another lens cap . So I had to return it and buy a correct one.I understand it was an automated system that Amazon provides according to the orders , but consumers must be very careful as well . I was in a rush and try to be hustle free .
 I am disappointed with the service . The filter came to me with amount of dust on both sides .
 I was trying to take some pictures of my son close to the Christmas tree and I was getting a lot of reflections from the Christmas lights on this filter . I had to remove it . I 'm looking for another one . I do n't know if they will all do this . I hope not . I would n't buy this unit .
 If you are considering purchasing this filter from Amazon make sure you check the specs of your camera for the correct size filter . The Amazon website has a recommendation for the wrong size filter to go with a Panasonic DMC-FZ8 Digital Camera . The filter looks like a quality product but unfortunately I could not use it and had to return it .
 Even lower priced Zeikos UV filters far outperform in clarity , sharpness and flare reduction . It took 3 Tiffen purchases for me to realize this .
 The glass did not fit properly in its housing . It rattled around inside the ring.I 'm sure it would 've done what it is supposed to do . . i.e. protect the lens , but I did not even bother putting it on my camera.I returned it and I am planning on spending the extra $ 2 and buying it at Ritz Camera .
 I saw mixed reviews on Amazon , but went ahead and bought it . It turned out to be an item that was probably re-packaged . -LRB- Someone else had a similar experience too . See review dated April 13 , 2011 -RRB- It had a long linear scratch one one side . There was dust . The plastic case protecting the filter had no seal and was fully scratched . It was an item sold by Amazon , so the return process was easy . But what a waste of time . I went ahead and ordered a different filter
 I was quite disappointed with this filter . The glass is crooked within the metal rim . It was not obvious at first , until I put a lens hood over it , and then I saw that the lens hood was not even , relative to the camera body .
 I never bought a Tiffen filter before , and I will never do that in future . I got a 58 mm UV filter for free with a lens purchase , where I bought a B&W filter as well -LRB- 34 $ -RRB- , and I tell you that I realized the differences immediately when I looked at them . The Tiffen glass looks like a normal window glass rather than a camera filter glass . The glass fits the ring , but the cut was very much uneven . The filter glass was not even clean , I would need to clean it first if I am going to use it . Well , I will certainly not do that ...
 I have experienced tons of flare in my night shot photos , and this is just too much for me . got this for free with my 55mm f/1 .8 d so no complain about the price but the quality of this filter is just HORRIBLE . well , it is better than leaving my new lens naked , but as soon as i find a good filter that can protect my lens in all day use , this is gon na get smashed .
 The filter cam in a open package and the filter was dirty needing to be cleaned before use . I actually decided to through it out .
 I ordered this on Nov. 19th and as of Dec 23rd , I still have n't received it . I 'm going to cancel the order . The guy who was supposed to send it -LRB- not amazon -RRB- was difficult and had all kinds of reasons why he could n't just mail it . Not a good experience .
 Well I got this item last week . I finally took out of the packaging it was in at a photo shoot I was doing . When I took it out of the packaging I dropped it by accident and it was shattered .
 MAKE SURE YOU KNOW THE SIZE BEFORE YOU BUY . I APPARENTLY DID N'T . THIS IS PROBABLY A GREAT FILTER !
 Does n't fit the Panasonic HDC-SD1 DV camera . Despite the vendor says . They did accept return but charged me shipping . Get it rigth Panasonic
 The product never came . I paid more in the shipping than the actual product and it never arrived at my place . Very dissapointed .
 For anyone that gives a crap about their photos I would recommend staying away from this product . Its -LRB- at the moment -RRB- 6 dollars and I made the mistake of purchasing this based on all the `` good reviews '' . Read the bad ones because its true . This lens has artifacts like mad when you look close . taking a photo of people near christmas lights ? Forget about it ! I can post process but its pretty rediculous . Its also broken after two months use with no idea how it cracked an no one else even using the camera . When the Hoya or B&W lenses are 2 to 6 times as much there is likely a reason . I wished I wasnt cheap the first time around .
 I got this filter for free when I purchased a Canon lens to take with on a 2 week vacation to Italy , and I thought what the heck I 'll give it a try since it was free . I used it for the first week of the trip , and once my card filled up I transferred the pics from my camera to my laptop and I started looking through them . The pictures looked fine at first glance , but when you zoom in on the pictures you can see that everything is extremely `` soft '' looking and if there is a light in the picture there will be glare or reflections around the light . I thought it was something wrong with my new lens , which was odd because it was supposed to be a really good lens - and then it hit me
 I was impressed by the great reviews everyone leaves this UV filter on Amazon , so I tried it . However , after a few light days of use , the glass element became lose . While it does n't appear that many people have had this problem , I suspect it has to do with overall quality control at Tiffen . If you are going to put a piece of glass in between your photographed object and your expensive lens glass , spend a little money and get something good . The best thing you can get is something that you do n't notice.That said , if you 're budget conscious , use a kit lens/equivalent , and do n't mind having to possibly send one of these backs for a replacement that works - this is probably a good filter for you .
 this comes free if you buy a nikon lens , but as many customers said , it has very bad flares when shooting next lights . so not much useful .
 Pretty much everywhere I read reviews are along the lines of `` Tiffen has a good reputation '' . I 'm a scientist though and that does n't cut it for me . I found this article where the author puts all of the top filters through their paces with a scientific process using a spectrometer . -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's worth a read . Shockingly he finds that
 Only thing I like about this filter is that , I got it with my Nikon 50mm lens for free . It is unusable in conditions where there is light in-front or towards the sides causing horrible reflections on my images . I am glad I did not spend $ 9.99 to buy this filter .
 My husband bought this filter to protect our 70-200 f/2 .8 , lens and the second time we used the lens the filter broke . Did n't hit it on anything that would create the break , very disappointed in this filter , would never buy this brand again , lesson learned !
 I just purchased Canon 's 50mm 1.4 lens and this came free with it . I said to myself , well heck , maybe I do n't need to get my go-to Hoya Multicoated UV filter this time . It 's Tiffen , the name is synonymous with filters - how bad can it be ? Well folks , it 's bad . I only really experimented with it on indoor shots , but the reflections and ghosted light blurs are just ridiculous . It 's almost comical how bad this filter is.Maybe it is ok for some conditions , but once a shot is ruined because of a UV filter , that 's it in my book . Tossed it in my pile of retired photo gear and just pressed `` order '' on a multicoated filter . Do yourself a favor and pass on this one . See my images for examples of the reflections .
 Got this filter for about $ 5 so can not complain . The outter ring of the filter seems to have some type of paint on it , and the paint is alrdeay chipping when I took it out of the box . The quality of this filter is very bad .
 Any lens that accepts a filter this large is fairly expensive . Putting a non-multi-coated filter in front of it will badly affect your image quality . Why?Unlike film cameras , a digital camera sensor has a flat glass `` low-pass '' filter -LRB- LPF -RRB- in front of it . A certain percentage of light striking this LPF will be reflected back into the lens . Any flat glass surface in front of the lens will reflect back , creating multiple images of the reflection . This is somewhat like the effect you see when you place two mirrors facing each other . You see multiple copies of yourself reflected in the mirror.For this reason , when shooting into any light source , pros will not put any filter in front of their lens . Look around you and you will see all sorts of light sources -LRB- light bulbs , LEDs in power-on indicators , shinny reflections -RRB- so you are almost always shooting with something in the picture that can cause ghosts.If you must have a filter , then it should be a high quality multi-coated filter . The multi-layer coating minimizes the reflections -LRB- but does n't completely eliminate them -RRB- . This filter does NOT have multi-coating and will create internal reflections , ghosts and reduced contrast . I suggest you either get a good multi-coated filter or go without . I 'm a pro and no longer use any `` protective '' filters since the switch to digital . Modern lens glass is far stronger than the thin flat filters and I 've never damaged a front element in 30 years.There are others that disagree with my opinion , but cost of a high quality 77mm filter can be over $ 100 . Better to save that money into a lens repair fund , which could be used for any kind of damage . A lens hood does a better job of protection than a filter , and reduces flair with no side effects . I suggest B+W brand filters if you must have one.And protection ? Thin flat glass is easily broken , while a thick glass dome -LRB- the front of a lens -RRB- can be quite strong . So stories of a filter protecting a lens because it broke and the lens did n't , are usually of little value . Believe me , I 've tested this on an Instron test machine at a client 's lab . It is shocking how weak these things are.So do n't fall for the old camera store salesman 's trick of suggesting `` protective '' filters . They were high-profit items , and were OK in the old days of fragile lens coatings . Today 's lens coatings and glass are very durable and usually need no protection , other than a proper lens hood -LRB- usually included with the lens -RRB- .
 I picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . The class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; Tiffen filters are of very poor quality.Do yourself a favor , like I did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . This Tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting .
 haD TO TAKE IT OFF AS THE LENS FLARE WAS RIDICULOUS ... I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT ... pay a little more get something better
 The first Tiffen UV filter sent to me was defective ... the threads on the filter were messed up and the filter would not attach to my lens . I even made a trip to my local camera store to have them check it out , and they confirmed that the threads were bad . I returned it for a replacement and the next Tiffen UV filter sent out was nearly the same , the threads on it are terrible , but I did manage to get it attached to my lens . I promptly ordered a different brand of filter from Adorama Camera and I 'm only keeping the Tiffen filter as a back up . I will never by another Tiffen filter ... ever .
 I got this as a cheapo lens protector - with some UV filtering as a supposed bonus . I liked it - until I just got back from a trip shooting wildlife on my Canon 70-300mm f/4 -5.6 . All the images with that lens were slightly blurred . Those I focused manually , those that auto-focused , wide-open or stopped-down . Slow or fast shutter , even on a tripod . All detail was blurred.I got home to shoot some test photos , and I found that when I took this filter off , images were perfectly sharp . Look at the fencepost comparison photo I included in the images . All settings are the same between the two shots , just the one on the right is with the Tiffen 58mm UV filter , and the one on the left is without.FYI - I also have a BW 77mm F-Pro MRC UV filter that I tried on that same lens with an adapter , and the images were crystal clear . Tiffen is going in the trash and I 'm buying a different brand .
 I am so angry ! I put this on my brand new D90 , only to find it pressing the end element of my lens in the center . I was scared and remove it quickly . The film coating the lens element was damaged by this filter !!!! Tomorrow I will make a phone call to amazon for a compensation . crying for my D90 lens ...
 I 'm sure this filter is a great purchase for the money for other lenses . However , when I attached it to my Canon 17-85mm , the Tiffen filter touched the lens glass . Bummer . Was n't sure what to rate it as I was n't able to see it 's capabilities as a filter , but I wanted to make sure other buyers with my particular Canon lens were aware that this filter is not the right choice . Amazon was great with the return .
 The build quality is terrible ! The glass is loose inside the ring and has lots of imperfections . Completely useless .
 I bought this filter for my Panasonic Lumix LX-3 camera as part of a package deal that also included the Panasonic DMW-LW46 wide-angle conversion lens and associated DMW-LA4 adapter . It seemed like a good deal at the time . I should have read the multiple reviews that criticized the filter 's unacceptable tendency to ruin photos with reflections . More to the point , it 's completely useless to me . It only fits on the adapter tube , and the only time I would be using the adapter tube is when I 'm using the wide-angle conversion lens mentioned above -- which is far too big for this filter .
 I have had one of these filters on my Nikon 18-70mm DX lens for a couple of years and had no trouble with it . So I let Amazon add one to my order when I bought the Nikon 70-300 f/4 .5 -5.6 VR lens . The filter ruins the performance of the 70-300 VR , the lens does n't focus correctly and there are strange reflection patterns in the out-of-focus areas of the image when you zoom in to 100 % .
 I ordered two of these to protect two new Nikon lenses . Unfortunately the lenses were backordered and arrived so late that I never thought to test these filters out , now I ca n't return them . : -LRB- Price
 I got this filter for a 50mm 1.8 Nikon but this filer will sit in my drawer.Filter attaches well on the lens but you are now a happy flare owner . A lot of it!I can now make the difference between a $ 50 + UV multi coated filter and a $ 10 UV filterI will stay without it as the glass is very recessed on my lens anyway and the risk of scratching / touching them is almost zero.Not recommended ...
 Just when you think that you are getting a `` brand new '' filter from Amazon as they specify , think again . The filter came with several finger prints , specks of dirt , and obvious signs of wear . The metal threads on the filter had abrasions and chips as well as on the outer edges of the filter ring . Several people on online photography message boards have reported the same issue . I sent the filter back and purchased it from another company .
 DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK ... spend a little more and get better quality . I wish I 'd read these reviews first . They mention that the threads on this filter are not well made ... I put it on the camera and could n't get it off . Took ten minutes to loosen it . I tried again ... this time not tightening it . Same problem . It is in the trash . I would n't even give it away .
 I read a bunch of good reviews on this filter . I had compared this Tiffen -LRB- I bought 2 of them -RRB- and the Hoya and another brand . Let me tell you , do yourself a favor -- and get another brand.Here are my complaints , and why I am terribly disappointed :1 -RRB- The instant I picked my -LSB- ... -RSB- package up off the porch , I heard a rattling . I immediately thought the filter -LRB- s -RRB- may have broken . But since there was other stuff on the box , I decided to hold judgment . Well it turns out it was the filters , and they were not broken -- the just RATTLE -- A LOT . So badly , I heard it through the Amazon box when I picked it up from the porch ! The glass is too small for the frame -- significantly small , not just a tiny bit . So , you can immediately forget keeping dust out . I cleaned the inside off , and put them on my lenses . Next , I sprayed some Nikon Lens Cleaner on the outside surface , and cleaned off the filter 's outside face ... got it all nice and clean , only to find out -- some of the liquid ran inside the filter , and onto the lens surface . So I had to take it off , reclean the lens , and try again ... what a fiasco .2 -RRB- I used the Nikon Lens Cleaner -LRB- high quality stuff -RRB- to clean the filters . That stuff contains isopropyl alcohol , so I know it can clean almost anything . No matter what , there are spots that WILL NOT come off . They are embedded in the glass somehow .3 -RRB- The filters were FILTHY when I received them . I spent 30 minutes just cleaning them , and was still unsuccesful . I used the Nikon Lens Cleaner , as well as a Microfiber cloth ... did n't work . Then I used a Q-Tip instead . Guess what ? The Q-tip head was BLACK after I cleaned off the filters . There was a greasy film and dirt all over both surfaces of both filters . And I still can not get it all off ! 4 -RRB- The packaging they came in was poor.These are junk -- save your money and buy a better one . Or , go cheaper and at least expect to get a piece of junk and save yourself $ 4 each .
 Generally these are only used for added lenses protection . The price of this one at 1/4 the cost of most seems a good deal but my personal experience with it has been mixed.Any image of a lighted subject taken at an angel usually casts a reflection and creates a ghost shadow on the image . It can range from nearly invisible when printed to quite noticeable if the background is dark . This may not affect general photography but the lettering in any lighted signs , etc. will sometimes show a reflection .
 I bought it without doing much research . The filter is n't coated , so all of the wonderful coatings on your lens become almost pointless . I 've since decided to go without filters for protection . I replace the lens cap immediately after use anyway .
 Nice lens , but the glass rattles too much within the frame and is really quite annoying .
 My experience with Tiffen has been mixed . Tiffen used to make quality filters , but since it was bought a few years ago by an outfit called Topspin they started cutting corners and quit multi-coating their filters , so like this UV filter , they will cause ghosting & reflections on your pictures . They protect your lens OK , but if your pix turn out bad , what 's the point ?
 I would like to return this product to amazon ! It does not fit my lens properly and I have to exert force to make sure it fits on my lens .
 I find that the filter works good under many conditions such as in natural light and indoors and it appears sturdy enough to protect my expensive lens . However , when I shot images of a burning fire in my fireplace , I got several glare spots on my photos . I shot the fire from several different angles and with different apertures and the glares never dis appeared . Finally , I removed the filter and got great shots with no glare or distortion . Had I read other reviews on this product before buying , I never would have purchased this filter .
 1 . Cheap2 . OK for protecting lens when no bright light source in front3 . Causes ghosting with bright light source -LRB- not multi coated -RRB-
 Bought this to protect my Nikkor 17-55mm F2 .8 zoom . Have not been able to achieve the focus that this lens is stated to have . I took off the filter to clean and found that it is not optically clear - even looking through it , the view is fuzzy . I have been blaming my Nikon camera/lens for lack of performance -LRB- maybe I have some other issues -RRB- but for the first time , I can achieve photos with peoples eyes which look to be focused . This item is now in the trash !
 This is a cheap UV filter and if you are only using the 50mm f/1 .8 lens to shoot indoor portraits , do n't bother with this .
 It 's just a UV filter - a piece of transparent glass , right ? And Tiffen is a manufacturer of photographic equipment , so how bad could it be ? Well , the price is low , and it probably is for a reason . You get what you pay for.No anti-reflective coating means you can see yourself in the lens , and when taking pictures against sunlight , you get fairly nasty lens flare . If that 's what you 're into , this is a great filter . But if you want a simple extra-layer to protect your valuable lens , but do n't want any quality changes , Do not get this filter.I used original Nikon so far , and I do regret having tried to save some money by going with Tiffen.Same happened to the 52mm I bough - I guess it is a manufacturer issue .
 The seller shipped promptly . I do not have a problem with the seller . Unfortunately Amazon had recommended this as an accessory for the camera I bought , but it was not the correct size and I am unable to use it . It would cost more to return it than it is worth .
 This was a very disappointing purchase . The item was never received and I had no contact number for the company . This was a complete waste of my money .
 I found the protective lens was covered with find dusts when I twristed on the 50mm lens . The root cause was there is no wrapping outside of the hard plastic case . As I contacted Amazon customer service , the options to me were to return-for-refund or to exchange .
 Please do NOT buy this item ! I 'm all for filters just as protection for my lenses , but this was the worst buy . I accidentally dropped my camera -LRB- and lens with the filter -RRB- from about a foot off the ground and the filter shattered - not just crack , I mean shattered ! I spent several minutes very carefully picking the glass off my lens hoping that no damage was done . The glass from the filter put a very small nick on the edge of my $ 350 lens . The lens is still more than usable as the nick is very tiny , but I 'm more than disappointed in this product , which is supposed to protect the lens , not damage it.Please look for a shatter proof lens filter before buying this one ! It 's not worth the risk !
 I was in LA and went to Simon 's camera I wanted to buy a new Canon lens for my Canon 5D . Simon , the owner saw that I had this Tiffen 77mm filter on my camera and commented , that `` you 've got great glass there -LRB- the lens -RRB- , but the UV filter you are using is not so good . '' He did a side by side comparison of the Tiffen next to the Hoya Pro1 Digital filter . It was really night and day . The reflection and glare & distoration were noticeable . I did replace the Tiffen with the Hoya -LRB- $ 79.99 -RRB- and do n't regret it . The Tiffen is fine , if you are on a budget , but if you want great results , do n't skimp .
 I -LRB- foolishly -RRB- purchased this filter to place upon a Tokina 12 - 24 mm Nikon lens , exactly the same as Gatorvalenz , because I was too carried away with the ` buy me too ... ' approach engendered -LRB- and desired -RRB- by Amazon . That 's fine , my mistake . It cost an additional USD 30 to buy a filter that would work effectively with the Tokina lens . As a side note -LRB- almost ... -RRB- this filter comes with the WORST packaging I have ever seen . Fine if you buy from the store , but not so great -LRB- for me ... -RRB- when the filter traverses 10 time zones via Fedex/UPS/Other Carrier of Your Choice . Luckily -LRB- and this was probably pure luck ... -RRB- the filter was OK - but useless for the intended use !
 I bought a lense on Amazon and it was recommended that this filter be purchased with it - unfortunatly it does n't fit the lense - I requested a refund and Amazon refunded my money .
 I bought this because it was cheap . I kept it on the camera all times . When I screwed in a cheap SEIKOS 82mm polarizing filter , it stayed there . The polarizing filter keep turning , but wo n't come off the TIFFEN UV filter . I had to break the cheap Polarizing filter to find out the thread on the TIFFEN filter was made of plastic and it simply ground away when the SEIKOS filter turned.Now I have to buy both filters new . I am buying a SIGMA glass filter with antiglare coating . Do n't buy this cheap filter . spend extra money and get a good brand like SIGMA or CANON .
 This filter came with my Canon 70-200mm F/4 IS USM lens `` FREE '' from Amazon . First night I took few pictures of the moon ... . guess what , the photo was not too bad but the flare was very bad like there were two moons . Well , what do you expect ? . . It was free ! For the time being , I kept it attached to my lens as a protection . Will definitely buy another filter .
 Considering that some photos are unique and you only get the chance once in a lifetime , I recommned buying a better one . I bought this filter to protect my nikon . It does the basic job , but I get noticeably better photos with my better one . I guess the argument ranges over whether a filter to protect the lens or reduce glare is even a good idea , but I usually like to have one on , especially if I 'm outdoors or in a dustry environment .
 I am very disappointed because this item I bought came empty . I opened the box and I found nothing but some papers and no filter inside it !! Really angry !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Avoid this filter like the plague , unless you like having ghosts , flares , and glares in your shots . I just returned from a trip to NYC . I had this filter on my Zuiko OM 24mm on Canon 60D . Most of my shots had very bad ghosting and glares . This is my fault for going cheap and not getting a multi-coated filter . I bought this on a rush because I wanted a filter to protect my lens while in New York . In hindsight , I should have waited and invest in a better one.On a side note
 I do n't know why it was recommended for the Canon 85mm . It does n't attach to it at all ! What the heck ?! I want a protection filter but I 'm not sure my lens will take one ??
 Construction of the filter is great with a metal ring that can protect your glass . However , the product produces a glare . As I found in the reviews below , this it is very apparent for everyone . I tried flipping the filter to see if it made a difference but it did not.Also , the filter I received has imperfections that are visible under direct light . They show up as shiny specks in the glass . No amount of cleaning would remove them.I 'm returning this because the issues stated above render the product useless . Lesson learned , look at reviews first and like one user stated , `` look for Multi-coated . ''
 Do n't waste your $ 10 !! I 'm not a prosumer even , but the blue ghosting/flare is very noticeable on half my photos ! This cheap filter is useless , I ca n't see anyone using it for more than a couple of weeks . Go for the better multi-coated ones , I do n't know which but I 'm researching it right now .
 This filter creates tons of lens flare . Might leave it off my lens . Only got it cuz it was free with the lens I purchased . Might want to spend some extra dimes on a Multicoated UV Filter to reduce the lens flare when using filters .
 I 'm not the first who telling you this , but you will get ghosting with this filter -LRB- take a look on add pictures -RRB-
 Video Camera Center held up notifing me they were canceling my order until the daybefore it was supposed to arrive . If it was out of stock , they should havenotified be immediately . This also messed up my postage rate on severalitems !
 I bought this filter replacing a Hoya that I had accidentally scratched . I received the product quickly BUT with small nicks and scratches all over it ! WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND ! I 'm very dissatisfied ! I 'm expecting a full refund ASAP !
 The first time I ordered this , it arrived totally scratched because the packaging had come open . I ordered a replacement , and then the same thing happened ... and I tried it on my Canon t31 kit lens that 's 18 - 55mmm and it did n't fit even though I ordered the 55mm filter .
 I have been a fan of Tiffen filters for decades , and I have always purchased UV/Skylight filters to protect my lenses . Inadvertent scratches and nicks are inflicted on the filter rather than the lens glass , and this simple investment has saved me a considerable amount of money over the years.When using this filter with my Nikon D3100 , however , I have found that the auto-focus function is impaired to the point that the camera is unable to automatically focus in average indoor light . The resulting images are either out of focus or the camera fails to focus altogether . Once I remove the UV Protector filter , the functionality is restored . I do n't experience this impairment under outdoor lighting or studio lighting conditions.I do n't know if other camera/lens brands experience the same drawback , but this cripples the Nikon D3100 auto-focus technology indoors since the camera focuses pre-flash . If you rely on the auto-focus capabilities of your DSLR for candid indoor photography and you notice problems with focus , this filter might be the culprit .
 I used this for a few weeks before I got tired of all the artifacts and glare present in my pictures . I should have bought a higher-quality UV Filter right off the bat . Oh well , live and learn ...
 I ordered this product from Amazon , and it was supplied by `` Amazing Deals Online '' , I ordered it with two-day shipping as I have a trip coming up and wanted to be absolutely sure I 'd get the filter on time . To the credit of UPS , the filter arrived one day after shipping , but it was a pretty badly mangled box , which is only part of the problem . Once I opened the box I found the plastic case popped open with the filter wedged pretty solidly in to the hinge , the plastic locking tabs perilously close to the glass . I had a hard time extricating it , it was definitely wedged , but it seems so far the filter is unscratched . It took significant cleaning to remove the dust and smudges , once I get through my trip this weekend I 'll update my review with details on the filter 's condition and photo quality .
 Product came in used condition . Discoloration on the product surface . The glass surface of the filter had smudges and fingerprints on it . Sent a e-mail to adorama which responded they would send me a return label . Amazon responded that they would n't refund until the product is returned . All this trouble for a $ 10 filter . Do n't by from Adorama . If you read other reviews on them they are hit and miss . The miss is how they turn a profit . Wonder why Amazon allows these type of vendor to sell through them .
 When I ordered a Sigma lens . Amazon recommended the uv protection filter for it . Only problem was it did n't fit that lens . I returned it . Which is an easy process with Amazon ; one of the features I like about Amazon .
 I am a new to photography . My first tiffen uv filter came with a lens I bought . I was getting spot in my pictures . I later noticed the coating was coming of the filter . The second tiffen uv filter I bought with new lens . I was taking pictures of my christmas tree and getting red flares in my pictures when I did not have any red lights . I took of the filter and that got rid of the flare . Now I just spend more and buy B&W filters .
 I wanted to give a try to this cheap lens uv filter with my new canon EF 50mm 1.4 USM.The result was just dissappointment . I got lots of unwanted extra reflections on my pictures , from light sources that were not even in the picture . Reflections are immediately noticeable on low light condition pictures.It seems a well built filter , fits nice on the lens , and it do protect it , but if you 're serious about photography and details on it , should better get a B+WB+W 58mm Clear UV Haze with Multi-Resistant Coating -LRB- 010M -RRB- or Hoya filterHoya 58mm UV -LRB- Ultra Violet -RRB- Multi Coated Glass Filter . They are more expensive , but you wo n't get any unwanted results in your pictures .
 The lens of this filter is able to rotate freely within the metal ring ; none of my other , more professional filters do that , so it projects a vibe of bad worksmanship . I bought this filter only to go on the kit lens that came with my camera , and so I did n't want to spend a lot . This filter is good enough to be used on the kit lens , but I 'd get something higher quality for any other lens .
 I 've read a ton on filters for protection of my lenses ... Do n't buy Tiffen , do n't even buy Hoya ... spend the money on B+W clear protector filters . They really do n't mess up your images . The Tiffen filters pickup everything and add nasty ghosting to your images .
 Frankly , I 'm surprised that this filter has so many positive reviews on Amazon . Maybe you can attach it to your lens and the extra glass will help prevent scratches and dings , but it 's not going to improve your photographs.A more expensive filter , in the $ 50 range , will undoubtedly include better UV filtering that will really help you with spots or haze.If you have an expensive lens with fast glass , do n't even * think * about this filter . This filter can easily take your paper thin glass down an entire f/stop . You 'll need to look in the $ 100 filter range for optimal aperture operation with your lens.Bottom line - I would not recommend this filter to anyone !
 I bought this only because I wanted to seal my lens in certain conditions -LRB- dusty , rainy , etc -RRB- . However , after trying this out , I noticed this gave a bad haze and drastically reduced the image quality so much that I ended up taking it off and risking the weather.I would return this product , but as I have to pay for the return , it is n't worthwhile.I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 When I bought my camera I bought both a Tiffen and a B+W filter just in-case there was really a difference.I started noticing strange flares and reflections on some of my photos . Having seen comparison photos in other reviews of this product I decided to test . After extensive cleaning of the lens and filters , I put the camera on a tripod and swapped out the filters . The Tiffen created quite a few obvious spots and halos . At night it caused reflections . Without the filter it all went away . With the B+W I was able to produce some very small spots in the same situations , but nothing noticeable without pixel peeping . I plan to replace my Tiffen with a B+W even for my cheap kit lens .
 I bought this filter from amazon and they have great customer service ! I thought the filter was the wrong size so I contacted them and was immediately sent a replacement.Now , it turns out it was technically the right size , but , horribleness occurred with his filter . As a freelance photographer for my town 's newspaper , I am frequently shooting events and have damaged a lot of equipment doing so . I picked this filter because I thought it would protect the glass on my lens -LRB- which it should -RRB- . I took this filter attached to my gear about two weeks after I bought it and went to work . Within five minutes , it fell off the front of my lens . Thinking I had n't screwed it on tight enough , I reattached it and went on my way . Not two minutes later , it fell off again . Needless to say , this went on for the entire three hour assignment.The truth it , it sort of screws on , then just pops right off within just a few minutes of movement . Bummer .
 was sold together with the sigma lens 70-300mm and is the wrong size . be sure you know the diameter of the lens before you order .
 the metal ring is thicker than pictured . install it before the lens change the looking of the camera . optical quality is so so .
 Encountered some serious ghosting issues with the UV filter when taking pictures that included a light source . Honestly I was taken back by the reviews here and should have known that a $ 6 piece of glass would perform sub-optimally . I immediately took this off my 50mm lens . Would I recommend this ? Not in am million years . At $ 6 I wo n't be returning it , the hassle of shipping for $ 6 just is n't worth it .
 I received a genuine Tiffen 58mm filter plastic carrying box . And a piece of paper with the usual graphics . And ... nothing else . Seems that the shipper likes to remove the filter and just ship the plastic box . How nice . My query to Amazon regarding the situation ... netted nothing . No reply . Not even an acknowledgement . Zip.Beware .
 it buys the filters 58mm UV and polarizer , and for my surprise they arrived both with a ray in the glass ! , they are of VERY BAD QUALITY , costs much to lompiar them , I have others of smaller quality and the polvopor almost does not stick they , I do not recommend them are very bad and above they came failed
 This filter is not ideal for the 17-40 mm canon lens as it hits the original lens when its fully extended . better not buy this .
 Never got my item , the packaging came but the actual filter was not there . What a waste of time and money !!!
 The glass is very loose inside the frame . It feels as though it might come apart at any time . The glass definitely rattles about inside the frame with any movement of the camera .
 I received this product with a crack down the center of the lens . Although the cost was minimal , the fact that the lens was broken is annoying . Is it replaceable ?
 Ghosting on any light during low-light shooting . . . ie , candles , background lights ... i have to remove this when shooting to avoid ghosting .
 Acquired two of these 77mm filters . They arrived in unsealed cases , but this may be standard for Tiffen packaging . I do n't know , but my Hoya filters -LRB- Hoya 77mm DMC PRO1 Clear Protector Digital Filter -RRB- came sealed . These Tiffen filters were dirty and poorly packed inside their cases , with a brochure lying directly on the glass filter , looking used or at least re-packaged . There was a fine splatter pattern of something on both filters that required much cleaning , and even then , did n't come completely off.As others have pointed out here , being un-coated , the filters ghost or flair when a light source is in the frame . I did a number of tests with & without the filter installed to confirm this.The price is very attractive , but , as filters of this size usually are used on faster , higher quality and more expensive lenses , do n't cut costs here . These two were for my two highest quality lenses and was foolish to order these , but thought I 'd give them a try.They are going back tomorrow !
 This filter arrived with the glass lens loose and unstable in the mount . Poor quality control in manufacture , this was not a shipping defect . Had to be returned .
 terrible product , the lens came and was loose , rattling , going to have to buy another one , different brand .
 On the page for the Sanyo HD1000 camcorder , the Tiffen 49mm UV Protection filter is listed as an accessory that other Amazon customers purchased along with the Sanyo camcorder . The $ 7 price is amazing , but you 'll not be able to use it without also purchasing an adapter ring to make the 49mm filter fit on the Sanyo HD1000 's 40.5 mm lens . And ... the adapter ring is $ 20 , bringing the price to protect the camcorder lens to $ 27 ! Amazon should remove the 49mm filter and adapter ring from the list of things other customers purchased and offer a 40.5 mm UV Protection Filter . This will avoid creating unhappy customers when they discover the 49mm filter wo n't fit the Sanyo camcorder .
 I knew this was to cheap but this thing is junk . I have used Tiffen for years but this is just plain junk . If I taped a nickel to it and threw it away at least I could say I threw something away . As a matter of fact I think I will . On every lens I used it on all Canon L lenses the images were soft and it has a wierd glow coming from somewhere . Beats me but do n't buy it . I gave it a one because I think you have to give it something .
 i am an avid amateur photographer for 20 + years . i used this purchase as a test of `` economical '' filters . i have B&W on all of my other lenses , but for 7.99 i decided to jump in the boat with all those who say the filter is for mainly protection and does little to help your pics . i used this on the new s 17-50 tamron , which i like for what it does . i now have B&W on this lens , and in my opinion it lifts a veil . even if not , the pleasure of screwing that german filter -LRB- so well machined -RRB- onto your lens , and realizing that you will probably NEVER have to clean that lens is very reassuring , and worth the price . i have returned the tiffen to Amazon , my fav online . associated equipment
 This product was ordered and payed for by me , BUT NOT RECEIVED . I have reported this previously . But have received no responses , whatever . ; - -LRB- PLEASE RESPOND .
 I got it from Amazon being a gift as a package . I put it on a mat with a dark background and it is reflective like a mirror . I did n't even want to use it .
 Sorry to say I was not aware I placed an order for the incorrect lens for my new Canon camera . So now I feel stuck with a product I may never use.Don ' t know where to turn now . Any help ?
 I just received a Tiffen UV filter that I ordered refurbished . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but I thought refurbished meant the product was checked and any defects were corrected . However , when I opened the package , the glass was full of spots which look engrained in the glass . Not only am I saddened by the fact that I ca n't use this and expect decent pictures , but I also do n't have a UV filter to use for my new camera . I 've been holding off on taking pictures , and now I have to wait even longer . I plan to return the product and visit a store locally . I do n't know if Amazon warehouse is to blame , or the manufacturer . From what I read on customer feedback , the lens is a big heartache anyway . I should have went with my initial instinct and got the Hoya .
 This is a first impressions review . I just got the filter and have not used it yet , so I have had no real problems with it yet . However , I ordered this filter at the same time I ordered a Hoya 67mm filter . I got a discount on this filter with my new lens , so I went ahead and got it . All of the reviews I read said to go with Hoya , so for my other lens , which did n't offer a discount , I went with a Hoya , which was not much more than the Tiffen for that model . I got them both the same day and took them both out of the box at the same time . There is a world of difference between the two filters . First of all , there is a huge difference in the quality look and feel of the Hoya over the Tiffen . The Tiffen looks very cheap next to the Hoya . The Tiffen was also dirty as many people on here have reported , while the Hoya was clean . The biggest difference , though , is when I stood in my kitchen under the flourescent light , looking down at both filters . When looking at the Tiffen , all I could see was a reflection of the light above me . I could not see anything at all through the filter . When looking at the Hoya , I can see right through the filter to the floor . There is only a very slight greenish reflection of the light above me . As I said before , I have not actually tried the filters yet . But after looking at the two filters , I do n't see how there wo n't be a difference between the two filters when I use them . It is amazing that the difference in cost between the two filters is so small considering the difference in quality . I strongly recommend that you pay the little extra for the better Hoya filter unless someone just gives this one to you .
 Two problems with this UV filter . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The glass is loose . If you hold the filter ring and shake slightly , you 'll hear a clicking sound . -LRB- 2 -RRB- There is a scratch in the black ring , showing silver colored inside material .
 Tiffen filters use cheap , optically low-grade `` GREEN '' glass . Get a Hoya UV filter . It 's only $ 6 more .
 People - please , think ! If you 're spending over $ 1000 on a precision piece of optics , why would you put an cheap window pane in front of it ? It sucks that filters cost a bit of money , but seriously , you need to get something that 's at least multicoated , and preferably B&W or Heliopan or some other good brand . For a $ 200 lens , this is fine . But it breaks my heart to see this `` bundled '' with an $ 1100 L lens .
 I bought this filter for my cheap but awesome Canon 50mm f/1 .8 . I thought it would be silly to spend almost the same amount of money on a filter as I did on the lens , so I purchased this Tiffen filter.Horrible idea . After putting this filter on and taking pictures of anything bright , I have reflections/ghosts in my images . Take off the filter , and it 's sharp and crystal clear.Needless to say , I 'd take the risk of lens damage on my sub $ 100 lens than have shoddy images .
 I purchased this or rather say got it FREE with Nikon d40 promotion and I was really upset with the picture quality I was getting from Nikon d40 with this filter on , one day I decided to remove this filter and try . . O man what a difference ... this filter add lot of whiteness in photos and you can easily see reflections ... dont waste money and buy Hoya ... I am going to do the same
 i 've used many brands . this filter comes free with my lens purchase . it is the worst ever . There are major light ghost whenever there are lights or candles in the view.Don ' t pay for it ! unless it 's free . even free , it 's unusable .
 There is an excellent scientific review on a polish website , Lenstips , testing 17 different UV filters , using both a spectrometer and photographic tests . This Tiffen filter is bottom of the 17 tested - it has virtually no impact on UV radiation and actually reduces light transmission by 3 % on some wavelengths - not only is it a waste of money , it reduces image quality . On my Pentax lens , images tend to be over-exposed and of lower contrast . Draw your own conclusions .
 I ordered the Nikon 55-300mm f/4 .5 -5.6 G ED VR AF-S DX Nikkor Zoom Lens for Nikon Digital SLR and this filter was grouped with the lens and SD card . It does not fit the lens and needed to be returned . It may be a fabulous lens , I was not able to try it .
 I got zeikos filters for two of my lenses , and I 'm very disappointed . I get a green ghosting whenever there is bright sun , or if I 'm shooting into a light . Indoors it 's okay , and it will protect my lens , but I 'm going to have to take it off any time I 'm shooting outside , which is a hassle and a pain , and not worth the money . If you 're looking for high quality images , do not get this filter . I 'm going to buy the Hoya UV filter as soon as I get the chance , it 's worth the extra money , and I regret cheaping out on this one .
 Thinking I was buying a quality UV filter and lens protector I soon realized it was more of a removable protector than a quality filter . Time after time , whenever I was shooting pictures with angled lighting , ghosting and flaring occurred so I found myself removing the filter . Yes , there are high quality digital compatible filters at 3x 's the cost but they are worth every dollar more .
 I bought a couple of these filters to use 2 years back when I bought my first DSLR and two lenses -LRB- 35/1 .8 DX and 55-200VR -RRB- because these were cheap . No way was I going to spend $ 20 , $ 30 , $ 40 , etc. on any UV filter . Fast forward a little over a year and I started reading more about photography and found out just how lousy these filters are.I took the filters off the lenses to compare my results and was horrified at the difference . With the filters on , I get very bad ghosting and reflections . Take them off and all of those problems go away.I did my research and ended up going for much nicerNikon 52mm Screw-on NC Filterfilters for my DX lenses andHoya SUPER HMC Haze UV -LRB- 0 -RRB- - Filter - UV - 52 mmfilters for any lenses that I use on film cameras . I bought the Nikon 's from Adorama through Amazon and the Hoya filters elsewhere for the same price . Using these filters , I do n't have any problems with ghosting or loss of contrast.If you do need filters to protect your lenses , spend $ 15-20 more and get a nice filter that does n't hinder your lens .
 We all know 77mm filter sizes are standard for the pro lenses and this one is a total misfit for such lenses . The filter screws in but the glass on it keeps dangling and makes clinging noises as if the glass is about to fall off , do n't get fooled by the price like me , do n't buy this product !
 I threw it away . What a rip-off . All kinds of glare and reflections coming from this * very * cheap piece of glass . I had to re-shoot a lot of stuff because of my choice to use this filter . The amount of glare it picks up is ridiculous . It was my fault for buying it . I knew it had to be terrible at this price.If you have any doubt , buy one and find out for yourself.This product is 100 % snake oil . Buy a good filter or use your lens cap if you want to protect your lens . Tiffen = Trash.I would rate it 0/5 if allowed.-Mike
 I purchased this filter from Amazon based on positive reviews I read here . The filter is very poorly made , I am shocked that so many rated this highly . Normally the reviews on Amazon are accurate indicators of quality . The glass in this filter is not fixed , in fact it does n't fit properly . The glass moves back and forth in the casing , it is as though the filter housing was made for a much thicker piece of glass . As others have written it was also very dirty as though it had been handled . I 'm guessing somebody else was unhappy and returned it.I have experience with Hoya filters and have always been pleased with their build quality . I have returned the Tiffen filter as of today and ordered the Hoya . I find the filters great for both the protection they provide and function they serve .
 I bought this to use with my Canon 50mm 1.4 prime lens . I was really surprised by how much light is reflected into the frame . Tried to take a few shots of the recent lunar eclipse and they were terrible . Much better when I removed the filter . I have other UV filters -LRB- Hoya -RRB- and did not realize there could be such a difference . Pay more and get something else .
 Read all the reviews and for $ 6 - I could n't go wrong as an OUTDOOR lens protector . However it does have its flaws and based on some tests I 've seen is USELESS as a UV blocker - less than .01 % blocked . SO why buy this ? Honestly if you want some weird results from your photos indoors or in low light situations - then this is for you . Otherwise avoid this simple lens protector .
 I 've been taking shots with this filter on since the day I got it two months ago . I 'm not very impressed with it . It does n't seem to filter out any UV , and can easily cause problems with light reflections -LRB- because it 's another pane of glass against the lens -RRB- . If you need a UV filter , do yourself a favor and try the multicoated UV filter instead .
 I purchased this filter for the Canon EF-S 10-22mm f/3 .5 -4.5 USM SLR Lens for EOS Digital SLRs and last element in the lens hits the filter at the 22mm focal length . I found another review saying this was also a problem on the cannon 17-40mm lens as well . I am returning the filter asap
 I bought this Tiffen 77mm UV Filter for my Canon 100-400mm IS lens . Since I got the lens I have not been getting the quality of shots I expected . Long story short , the problem was this filter . I took it off and instantly had the lens of my dreams . If you care about image quality you may want to reconsider .
 I suppose it does the job , but it 's very cheaply made ... the glass isnt glued or set into the metal , so it moves around makes an annoying noise everytime you move the camera .
 The protector comes with kind of tiny spots on it . It does protect the lens from scratches and fingerprints , dust and other things .
 I purchased this filter along with universal car charger and I received shipment today . When I opened Tiffen filter there is no UV filter in it . I got empty box there is no filter inside the box . This seller is awful I am never going to buy from this seller again .
 THIS WAS ON THE SAME PAGE AS MY 5D MARK 1I AS SAYING `` CUSTOMERS WHO BOUGHT THIS CAMERA BOUGHT THIS '' AND SINCE I WANTED A UV FOR THE NEW CAMERA I CHECKED IT . IT WAS THE WRONG SIZE AND I WENT ON A FOUR WEEK TRIP WITHOUT PROTECTION FOR MY NEW 24-105 LENS . WHICH I LOOKED FOR ALONG THE TRIP BUT COULD NOT BE FOUND . I WAS STEAMED .
 I have sent the message below 3 times . Why ca n't this problem be settled?I did not order the TIFFEN 58 UV , i.e. , SKU # TF58UV , but it was sent to me and $ 12.39 was charged to my credit card . Please send me a prepaid mailer for returning this filter and reverse the charge on my credit card , and I will return this filter to you . Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter .
 I can not respond to how the product was . I did n't get what I ordered . I picked the product that I wanted with the aide of the discription and pictures on the website and made the purchase . Amazon shipped me the wrong item , via 2nd hand vendor ? and because it was not their -LRB- Amazons ' -RRB- mistake -LRB- and I know it was n't mine -RRB- , Amazon is going to take the return shipping charges from the credit they will give me on the 30 day return policy . After much searching , I found an e-mail to lodge my concerns . I wrote an e-mail to question them on the return policy and to my BIG suprise , no response . Buying from Amazon was not the best choice in saving money ...
 I ordered a 52mm UV Protection filter , but got a 58mm filter instead . Packaging read 58mm but the label slapped on the outside said 52mm .
 I bought this to protect my new Panasonic Lumix FZ100 's lens . Wifey is not too careful when handling cameras -LRB- I hope she 's not reading this -RRB- . I wanted to prevent constantly cleaning fingerprints off the lens and the blame-game . When I took pics of some birds on a sunny day , the birds were slightly off focus in many pics even though the camera has a terrific AF capability . The pics did come out very nice except for the auto focus part.Indoors , in low light , the camera took a lot more time to autofocus than it usually does . Once the filter was removed , focusing was rapid . I think I 'll buy some other brand .
 I 'm going to have to invest in a higher quality UV Filter . I have problems with sun spots showing up on my photographs even with a lens hood in use .
 I 've been looking for a good filter for my portrait lens and this one was recommended by a blog I follow . I was excited to find it for a good price , and free shipping too ! Imagine my disappointment when I realized that every time I used this filter with my lens , the photos had a bluish-green ghost in every image . When I take the filter off , the ghost disappears . Others before mentioned this same issue , so I know it 's not just a fluke . The only good thing ? Amazon refunded my money without an issue . Great customer service , but awful product !
 I bought 3 of these to protect the lenses for a new camera purchase . I get reflections -LRB- shown as a double or ghost image -RRB- off of them in conditions where a bright object is present . Things like the moon , or the sun reflecting on water will create a second ghost image of the bright object . Also , on 2 of the 3 filters , the glass is loose in the ring.I take some responsibility here as I basically thought that a uv filter was uv filter , as I had never had trouble with one before.Bottom line is that these filters were a waste of money for me . Right now , they are just screw on lens caps ...
 Please do not get this filter at all . Its not really worth the savings as the flaring effect is just too much to handle.I took a few shots in Pike Market at Seattle and the bright neon signs and yellow bulbs tend to reflect back from lens to filter back to lens . All my subjects had ugly green flares across their faces.It kinda killed the great 35mm f1 .8 lens on my D90 results.I also noticed it always bounces the light source 180 degrees across the frame . Try to shoot a Subway sign framing it at the top right corner and you will get a reflected image of the sign on the bottom left corner .
 Granted that this filter is as much as a beer at a cheap bar , but ultimately it is not fit to put on any lens . I got a few of them in different sizes for my lenses because I was trying to save money . I put the filters on and they were both flaring like crazy , ruining every shot . I had to take them off to be able to shoot . I would suggest that you spend the 30-50 dollars that a decent Hoya or B+W filter costs and make sure you get multicoated filters .
 I 'm sorry to have to return this filter - did n't even put it on the lens that I ordered with it.I noticed several marks all in a line near one outside edge - and could n't clean them off . I assume it 's a small scratch.So - I 'm returning it -LRB- thanks to Amazon 's easy process -RRB- and will re-order another brand of potentially higher quality .
 I decided to try the filter in an old Beckman UV-VIS spectrophotometer , and replicate optical transmittance results in Poland . Sure enough , Tiffen and window glass appear to be optically related in transmittance of long-wave UV . Frankly , I 've alays had the impression that Tiffen filtered images were less clear than B&W , and this kind of study may well explain the difference . Here 's a link to the original study results -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Multi-coated lenses help reduce reflections off the filter glass , something this does n't have . It is almost guaranteed to detract from any image where a strong light source -LRB- sun , street lights , Full moon , etc -RRB- is in front of the plane of the camera . it will protect your lens at the cost of your shots . Better to look for a multi-coated lens . Pretty easy to find for less than 20 in 52mm thread .
 I ordered one for my E-PL1 . Unfortunately , it had an air bubble close to the center . I 'm not so sure about Tiffen quality control , but it 's $ 9.95 so YGWYPF.Amazon credited me the $ 9.95 so I 'll order another and hope . Twice bitten , I 'll go with another brand.I 'm in a photo shop dead zone and have no local purchase/inspection options . Though BB now sells the E-PL1 , the local BB does n't ... and they do n't yet have a 40.5 mm filter .
 Bought filter . Put filter on camera . Snapped pic . Huge lens flare . Put filter in garbage.Don ' t waste your time or money with this product .
 I had fallen victim to an attractive package deal and got this filter for practically free and even as a free gift it was terrible.Its too heavy and bulky adds unnecessary size to lens . Its easy to scratch and hard to clean . I had one stubborn spot that I took forever to remove.Yes its cheaper but you will end up throwing it and buying a Hoya or Quantaray so save your time and money.I still have mine if you want it its yours free ...
 This basic UV 37mm filter is ok for protecting a camcorder lens -LRB- really the main reason people use UV filters , I think -RRB- , but it has two main issues :1 -RRB- the filter did n't screw on very well onto my Panasonic PV-GS320 . It would partly screw on , but even with repeated attempts , and verifying that the threads were ok , it would never seat fully down onto the camcorder . I tried it with both the camcorder hood on and off , and it had the same issue in both cases . This seems to me like a basic defect . I later purchased a Hoya filter which seated perfectly , so I know the camcorder was not the problem . Ultimately it 's not a huge deal , but when it 's poorly seated , I 'd be concerned about the stability of screwing on something else -LRB- like a polarizer filter -RRB- , or of permanently messing up the threads on my camcorder .2 -RRB- the lens produces a lot of solar flare if you 're pointed anywhere near the sun . This is not really a defect in the lens , as an uncoated lens is not designed to avoid sun flare -LRB- after all , it 's just a piece of glass -RRB- . It 's really just a matter of you-get-what-you-pay-for . All the camera websites state that you need a multi-coated lens if you want to really deal with sun flare . I later purchased a Hoya multi-coated lens for only a few dollars more , and did some experiments and the multi-coated lens works much better when pointing into the sun . I have n't used the Tiffen much indoors , but other reviews on this item confirm it has the same issue indoors when pointed toward a lamp , which does n't surprise me.Pros
 This Tiffen filter is optically great , however the glass is actually loose in the frame of the filter ring , and rattles back and forth whenever the camera is moved . I ultimately used a small sliver of cardboard to wedge it into place , obviously cut thin enough not to show up in pictures . Product is NOT recommended .
 As someone else commented , the filter was dirty with it arrived . This is not the first dirty Tiffen I 've received . My Canon filters are always very clean . Why ca n't Tiffen ship a clean filter?When I cleaned the filter with lens cleaner , a black substance started started running off the metal ring . I had to wash the entire filter with soap and water to remove this . It stained my hands.The glass itself looks OK . But stained hands from a new filter ? Not good.By the way , Amazon shipped this small filter container in a good sized box with no packing material of any kind .
 I brought this product because it 's cheap.However , I 'm really disappoint about the quality of the product - the finishing of the filter was the worst filter ever seen.When I took the picture of the Moon , I saw 2 Moons so I had to remove the filter.It 's useless !!!
 I got this filter since amazon was offering it for free with my nikkor lens purchase . It 's junk . I was getting all kinds of lens flare and ghosting with it on . I will probably use it for my flash light mod one day to replace the plastic lens .
 I guess this is what you get when you buy a cheap filter.I will probably stop using it when in a low light conditions , and perhaps at all.Here are the problems that I found with this filter :1 . Screwing it into the len is not smooth at all . I would not mind that if I did n't have the second issue .2 . In a low light environment with a bright light source in the area/frame I keep on getting reflections that are caused by this filternotWithstandinghen comparing to a shot taken without the filter , the reflection in extremely noticeable.My conclusion ... Save your money and buy a better filter !
 It is not the perfect match with Canon EF16-35mm f/2 .8 L II USM Ultra Wide Angle Zoom Lens in 2 points ; 1 . The Lens cap of Canon EF16-35mm f/2 .8 L II USM does n't fit completely on this Protection Filter . The outside edge of Protection Filter is not deep enough for the click feature on Lens cap . So need to be carefule that Lens cap can easily come off with a light shock when this Protection Filter is attached between the Lens and Lens cap .2 . Lens Flare is seen more with this Protection Filter on.Since Canon EF16-35mm f/2 .8 L II USM has the inner focus system , some light -LRB- especially taking the night scenes -RRB- will be enhanced to be visible as Lens Flares generated by this Protection Filter .
 This is cheap gear . The only things I can say it does as expected are 1 -RRB- it fits , and 2 -RRB- it will protect your lens 's front element ... mostly.The glass fits the ring poorly and shifts , letting dust get to your lens , thus requiring you to clean your lens 's front element , which presents the opportunity to damage it that you were trying to avoid by installing this `` protective '' filter.The optics are questionable , as other point out.If you 're broke , and just want to keep fingers off your lens , sure . Otherwise , get anything better , like a Hoya , or splurge and get a B+W .
 I purchased this with a lens as I always need a filter to protect the exposed lens glass . The metal surround/thread on this filter is huge , the glass is very thick and causes chromatic aberrations . As I used the filter I did not return it but I will never use it again . At the first opportunity I got an alternative filter that is light weight , thin and causes no extra chromatic aberrations . This may have cost less than the alternative but it was not money well spent .
 I got this for my trip to miami . I have to say I do n't see any difference in the pictures with it compare to with out it . I am no expert may be you need expert vision to see the difference .
 This filter causes lens flares/internal reflections when used on my Nikon AF-S 50mm 1.4 G lens . It 's unusable when I have a light source in a photo because it will have a green lens flare on it.I gave it two stars instead of one because it does it protects the lens from dust/damage .
 I bought this basically as a dust protector , so I did n't expect much . However , I was seriously upset to find that pictures are ruined by the filter because of distortions and lines .
 This filter flares excessively and is unworthy of any optical system . All inventory should be recycled immediately . Once again you do n't get what you do n't pay for . The clear Nikon filter that I replaced this with functions very well .
 Amazon offered the Sigma 70-300mm f/4 -5.6 SLD DG Macro Lens bundled with the TiffenUV Protection Filter , for my Nikon 3100 . Since the filter was supposed to be for the Sigma lens , -LRB- 58mm -RRB- I was expecting a 58mm filter and not a 52mm . Since I failed to pay attention , obviously the filter is too small . I need to have a 58mm . I know , it was not a big investment , but if it does not fit ... it does not fit .
 I found that when I attached this filter to my Panasonic micro four thirds lens , it caused ghost images of anything bright in the field of view . I double-checked by removing the filter and - lo - the ghost images were banished .
 Please do not buy this filter . It gives terrible flare to the photograph in the night . Works good in the day time . Try hoya . Just 10 dollar more than this item .
 I ordered a sigma lens the same time I ordered the filterand the wrong size filter arrived 52mm instead of 58mm the lens size for the filterI sent it back and they credited my account . need to tighten up QC double check your order before clicking on it
 I also had trouble with `` ghosts '' - basically glare in photos taken with this filter . I never had that problem with other multi-coated products . I bought this filter for protection and to leave on all the time . It ruined most of the photos of my sister 's wedding because there were light sources from every angle -LRB- flashes , indoor lights , etc -RRB- . It was a huge disappointment . Actually you can see a very mild example of this in one of the submitted sample photos of a sunset by Kaushik Ghose `` kghose '' . This is a mild form , mine were much worse . Unfortunately this lens filter is now worthless to me . So save your $ 10 and buy something that will actually work .
 This tiffen UV filter is one of the worst made ones on the market . The glass is not set inside the plastic frame because it spins when you clean it which leaves glass dust on the top of your lens . Do n't buy this filter as you will need to spend more money to replace it !!!
 I ordered a Tiffen 86CUVP 86C mm UV filter which was recommended for my Nikon 500mm lens . I buy protective filters for all my lenses and am a professional cameraman . I have never seen a filter come in a plastic after market zip bag . Before putting the filter on the lens , I held it in the light and low and behold this lens is used not new . I would give this seller a 0 Stars if I could . The filter had smudges as if the person had rubbed to clean it without using lens cleaner and there were hairline scratches ... probably from the way they cleaned the filter . NO Tiffen filter comes without a hard case . DO NOT PURCHASE FROM DR. BUYS !!!!!!!
 Careful ... the filter comes in various sizes . When I ordered , it evidently defaulted to 52mm - not a good thing since my camera has a 55mm lens . In effect I bought a paper weight which offers UV protection . Do n't let the same thing happen to you .
 I bought this filter for my newly bought 70-200mm recently . I 'm currently on a trip in San Francisco where I dropped my bag . Thankfully I swapped this cheap baby to my 24-70mm with my B+W Filter -LRB- which is 70 bucks apx -RRB- . This filter failed to protect my lens . The front element cracked , and now the filter is stuck to my 1500 dollar lens . Great ...
 I purchased this for a 50mm prime canon lens . Have always had good luck with Tiffen products but when it arrived I noticed the glass filter was `` loose '' inside the ring allowing it to shift around slightly and make noise as it `` clicks '' against the ring . I returned it without issue through amazon and they promptly sent a new one . Initially it seemed ok , but within a couple minutes of handling it presented with the same issue . I took a few pictures with it anyway just to see how it would do ... Big glare spots ... which certainly could be due to lack of talent and skill but when I read other reviews glare was noted as a problem from some users . Either way the filter should not slide around and make any noise in my opinion.I 'd add a photo with the glare issues but not seeing a link to do so . Someone with more experience may be able to tell if it is the lens , the filter or the user ...
 Pros : - the packaging-was clean out of the box-perfectly fit my 50mm 1.8 af-sCons : - produces ghosting when pointed at lights , this is unacceptable and the reason I give this product 1 star
 Ordered it back in Dec '11 and still waiting this filter to arrive.I 'm with US Army and stationed overseas , so I typically expect shipping to be delayed . . but in this case after 2 months of waiting I would have to say this is either never sent by the seller or some how got lost in the mail.Not sure what I can do in this case . . so if Amazon customer service can able to help track this , I 'd greatly appreciate it!Tks , Bon
 Filter arrived with what appeared to be finger smudges around 50 % of the circumference and spots of ? in the center . It did clean up nicely.phil
 I got this , the product itself seems good , but did n't fit my camera , did n't get it returned so stuck with it . Guidance on sizing , models , etc would be very helpful for the novice camera person .
 ok it could happen i got the one bad filter on the rack , but unlikely . my gear lens wise was given to me by my sister really sweet stuff awesome quality , either she unloaded tons of cash on the lenses or the quality has dropped like crazy over the years.this really just a sup par product , it gets stuck on the lens hard to get off , then the build quality is just terrible.the glass seems pretty cheap , but im probably gon na have to keep it cuz it 'll probably cost more than 5 bucks to ship it back , we 'll see what they say at the post office .
 Same as the hood offered together with the 50mm lens ; it fits the hood but not the lens unless you use an adaptor , which is not the idea . It is NOT for a Pentax 50mm lens !
 I have purchased Tiffen filters before and have been very happy with them , but this one was bad . The usual documentation was missing from the inside the filter case and the threads on the filter were damaged . It appears it had been opened and returned . I returned it for a refund and ordered the Polaroid Optics 52mm Multi-Coated UV Protective Filter instead .
 The filter arrived on time with defects . The glass was OK . But there are deep scratches on the frame . Do n't understand how something in that shape could be shipped .
 I got this filter for free because I bought some other items , and up until I got it I had been using B+W filters , but I decided to give this one a try just to see what it was like.First of all , this filter has a metal ring , which is really nice especially for a filter this cheap . Unfortunately , the optical quality is lacking . You get a lot of ghosting during the day and even more at night , so there is a noticeable degradation of image quality . I would n't leave this on my camera because of this.The filter works fine for protecting you lens , but the question that you need to ask yourself is if you are willing to suffer lower image quality in order to save a few bucks by buying a cheap filter . I would recommend staying away from cheaper Tiffen and Bower filters and going for something that will actually improve your images , such as a B+W Filter -LRB- B+W 52mm Clear UV Haze with Single Coating -LRB- 010 -RRB- . If you 're really looking for something that will exceed in performance , go for the model with an MRC coating .
 I have no idea if this is a good UV protector or not since when i bought my camera from Amazon it recommended I purchase this as well but it does n't fit the lens that came with my camera ... teach me to assume Amazon recommends stuff that would be useful .
 This is not a multi coated filter . Using this on your lens makes the picture quality come down by 2 notches.If any direct sunlight hits the glass -LRB- even if the sun is not withing the picture frame -RRB- , the whole picture appears washed out . I only bought this because I got this free with my lens purchase . I always buy the sigma multicoated filters for my lenses . They are truely multi coated and reflect a dim green just like the expensive camera lenses . Unfortunately tiffen does not make any true multi coated lenses .
 Do not buy this filer for the G-9 Canon camera . It does not fit . The lens on the G-9 can not have a filter attached .
 new camera , bought uv lens to protect lens , did not fit because camera has no threads on lens . returned item .
 my camera lens even though it is 58mm . not sure why it does not fit . tried it on a different lens as well .
 I purchase this along with a lens a lens that was on sale by amazon not a reseller ! got the filter in few days never have had a chance to use it because the lens after a month and a half still has not come . swo this might be a great filter and will update . Iwill not buy any lens from amazon again ! all of their resellers have the lens but they ca n't get a reorder ? unbelievable !!
 Mounted this filter on a Canon 50mm F1 .8 lens . On semi-strong light sources , it has significant flare . Removed filter , flare went away . Looking for a higher quality 52mm UV filter now . Ca n't recommend this filter due to flare . Check the pictures for this product to see flare and no flare example -LRB- Tiffen UV filter removed from lens -RRB- .
 Bought this to go with the Olympus four-thirds E PL 2 camera . It is totally useless because it does not screw onto the lens . Shame on Amazon for recommending the purchase of this turkey along with the camera . It was cheap enough so it 's not worth the hassle to try to return it and get a refund . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This filter should NEVER be recommended for use on this camcorder and probably most camcorders . Works ok when shooting video BUT when shooting still photographs , using flash , it 's horrible . The flash shoots through the filter which distorts everything.I bought this filter thinking it was a good idea and it was recommended on page with the camcorder . AGIAN IT SHOULD NEVER BE RECOMMENDED WITH THIS CAMCORDER AND PROBABLY MOST CAMCORDERS !!!
 One of my friends brought it from here for a new 18-105mm vr nikkor -LRB- from D90 kit -RRB- . After attached it to the lens , you will see a small spot at the middle . He showed it to me for finding the reason . I said Oh god remove it immediately.But it is too late . The glass of the filter hit the glass of the lens . The filter was returned , but the spot is still on the lens forever . - - `` Update 07/06/10One of my friend bought this filter for 18-105mm . Again !! , the same problem
 The 58mm UV filter would not fit any of three 58mm Canon lenses in my bag . The threads are just poorly cut . In the mailbox for return already .
 When this filter was delivered , the glass was loose in the frame so it made a clanging sound all the time . That was not only annoying , but also caused a bit of the glass to chip off the side . In addition , you can not put a lenscap over this filter , which is at least inconvenient . CANON , in contrast , makes filters that take a lens cap or yet another filter.Returning it is not an option since I do not reside in the US , so all the shipping costs would not be worth it . Or else I would definitely get rid of it . So my primary point is the poor quality of TIFFEN and disappointment that AMAZON did not inspect it before shipping and sold a defected product .
 I bought this to replace a Canon UV filter that rolled down a mountain . Yesterday I was at Lake Louise taking pictures outside of beautiful scenery only to find that this Tiffen filter created a problem where there were reflections of the lens and adapter for the filter on my pictures !!! The reflection problem was sometimes just an extra smudge on the bottom -- but very obvious and pretty bad . It was worst in very bright conditions . I am going to order the Canon filter again . The problem was not that I had any condensation or smudges on my filter , because I had cleaned it off that morning.Given that most of my pictures are with lots of light / outside , this is useless to me and I regret bringing it with me . I will finish this trip out without this filter .
 This UV Filter would not accept the Tamron lens cap for the lens purchased with the filter ... the filter glass was loose in the frame . It did n't cost much . . i.e. was cheap .
 ... since it was free . The filter does not appear to have any coatings , it flares and does cause a noticeable reduction in image contrast . I use this only where a protection filter is needed , where there is a spalsh hazard or sand/grit/flying debris in the air . Outside of those situations , be sure to remove this filter before shooting .
 We received this product quickly after ordering . However , the item was shipped in a padded envelope with the original product box inside . The envelope appeared to have been `` smushed '' at some point , flattening the original product box -LRB- which is clearly not intended as a shipping box . -RRB- This did n't appear to have damaged the filter at all , but is a bit disappointing in comparison to other Amazon orders we have made in the past . The dessicant pack included in the package had leaked , resulting in small dessicant flecks being spread about everywhere within the package . Unfortunately , these flecks really liked to stick to the filter , so the first thing we needed to do after opening the package was clean the filter with lens paper ! Not a huge hassle , but definitely not what one expects when purchasing a brand new filter ! Lastly , there is a minor flaw on the filter which looks like a tiny speck or defect in the glass . The flaw has not seemed to be evident on our photos , but is not up to the quality standard we expected . Normally we would have returned a product with such a quality flaw , but we really wanted to have the filter ASAP in order to protect our camera 's lens !
 it produces intense flares , if you just want to protect the lens , then this is you filter , but its the only function it really has , pay the extra money to get a nice coated filter , its the intelligent choice in the long run , again please do n't waste your money in this product as i did .
 It 's really unpleasant to find so much dust and fingerprints on a supposedly brand new rather expensive filter
 Someone earlier had complained that this lense was suggested to them by amazon and it was the wrong size . Well , that person is n't alone . The camera I purchased is a Canon S2is , which I love . The lense does n't fit it . I even bought the hood/lense adapter set and it STILL does n't fit . This simply is NOT the right lense for a Canon S2is , no matter what Amazon suggests . Now , too much time has passed for me to return the lense . I 'm stuck with it , and I do n't like that .
 i received a box with a completely empty package inside . ripped off . now i wo n't have the product for the event i was preparing for . do not order from these people .
 this 46 mm filter is shone as an accessory for the FZ40
 The filter is good working . But the packaging is so big ! The shipper claim for 1.36 kg -LRB- volumetric weight -RRB- Its not necessary to put in big box .
 When I ordered my canon powershot S5IS -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- , you recommended this filter , both as filter and as a lense protector . Naturally , I wanted it . It arrived a few days after the camera , which was not too much of a problem , but the thing is a SCREW mount , and the mount on my camera IS NOT A SCREW MOUNT !!! The size may be appropriate , but without duct tape -LRB- not a real attractive option -RRB- , it is positively useless to this camera .
 It seems like the glass filter moves around . Is it suppose to do this ?
 Very disappointed . Glass slides around within enclosure and appears to have defects on edges of glass . Will try to return , but it was so cheap , I expect I will eat the loss if they give me much hassle trying to retun .
 I bought this filter to protect a Canon EF 85mm/f1 .8 . It does the job , but I get noticeably better photos with it off . I guess the debate rages over whether a filter to `` protect '' the lens is even a good idea , but I usually like to have one on , especially if I 'm outdoors or in a dustry environment.If you are going to go the `` protect the lens '' route , I 'd recommend something better , like the HMC / multicoated filters from Hoya .
 This item was a special offer included at no cost with the purchase of a camera in December , and seemed to be packaged well , but the glass within the round frame is loose . It does n't fall out , but it rattles and does n't does n't stay on one side or the other within the frame . I 'm concerned it will do more harm than good to my lens , but unfortunately by the time I opened it , I missed the window to return it for an exchange . I 've had filters before that did n't rattle and spin . The idea is good for a protective piece that also helps reduce the blue tones , so this product may be a good one in general . This one may just be a lemon .
 While this basic filter , does physically protect your lens for cheap ... I warn you that when I put it on my 50mm f/1 .4 , * every * picture -LRB- 99 % use in low light -RRB- that contained a light source had light flashes/reflections - which completely went away when I removed this filter.I have n't tried with a coated filter yet , but I do n't usually shoot in harsh conditions -LRB- ie . sandy , misty , etc. . . -RRB- , I will likely leave a filter off my 50mm lens when shooting.UPDATE
 When I got this for my wife 's new Panasonic FZ35 last year , it was slightly loose in it 's housing and then today -LRB- Christmas 2011 -RRB- it completely unseated within the circular frame and the camera kept trying to focus in on it rather than the intended subject.Threw it away and just ordered the Hoya in hopes of a better filter -LRB- at double the cost -RRB- .
 filter is ok . . I get a lot of reflection on the pics taken with flash or if bright lights are in the background -LRB- Christmas lights etc -RRB-
 I experienced severe ghosting when a light source was in my viewfinder with this filter on my Tamron 17-50 f/2 .8 and Canon 50 f/1 .4 prime -LRB- both using different sizes of Tiffen UV filters -RRB- . removed the filters and the ghosting immediately went away . I replaced with premium , coated Hoya filters and have no issues . It 's strange because I did n't experience this problem on a Tiffen UV filter I bought 3 years ago .
 Should never have gone with the cheap filter . There is too much lens flare/reflection . Taking pictures in front of a lit Christmas tree & the reflection off the filter is ridiculous . Might make a good coaster for an energy drink , but nothing more .
 I just bought an iPhone 4 last week and ordered this adapter . It does not charge or play music through my system .
 Philips seems to always make sure to throw in a few counter-functional elements into their products , and this one is no exception . The lack of shuffle or repeat functions is forgivable , the lack of fast-forwarding is not . This function is replaced by `` super-skip '' , which lets you scroll through the folders pretty quickly . Nice , but nowhere close to necessary on a player that only holds about 50 tracks . In addition to this , the player shuts itself off after being put on pause for more than a few seconds . This does n't only make the pause function worthless , it 's also a major problem if you listen to podcasts or audiobooks . Say you 're an hour into an mp3 and have to pause a bit to pay for a coffee or whatever . Once you 're ready to keep listening , the player has gone to sleep and you 'll have to leave the player running for an hour until you get back to where you were . Just plain stupid . There are much , MUCH better players to be found at this price , so even if you only need a player for music purposes , there 's no reason not to look elsewhere.Beware that the control pad , which is separate from the player , has a history of malfunction . These are being returned to the electronics store where I work on a regular basis , and you will not be able to operate or even activate the player until you receive a new one .
 I love the concept of this device , however the way they implement it is sloppy . There are no controls on the USB device and you ca n't plug your headphones directly into it . You must use a relatively large strap as a control device that the headphones plug into . By the time you have it hooked up properly there is more bulk than with other MP3 players with controls on the device .
 Do n't be fooled by the look of this product . It 's a piece of crap .1 . There 's only one button play/pause . 2 . There 's only one damn button . 3 . No volume , track navigation , and you have to wear it around your neck all the time because the lousy headphones are integrated with the strap . I found it for $ 50 @ Target and already returned it !
 It 's an mp3 player that does not play mp3s.Mine does not play at all . No sound . Nothing.I hooked it up to my computer , dragged over the mp3 files , then connected the headphone to the strap and the strap to the key ring play and clicked play and nothing.You really do n't have any clue what the device is doing . It 's impossible to tell if it 's charged or not.It comes with a AAA attachment charger that does n't seem to help anything because again there 's no screen and there 's no way to tell what it 's doing . You just press play over and over and over and wonder why there 's no sound.You ca n't connect your headphones straight to the device . Instead you must use the neck strap for controls.Since mine does n't make any noise at all -LRB- although it does store files -RRB- I can not recommend this product.Oh and the instructions that come with it are HORRIBLE !
 I 've been a MP3 enthusiast since about 1998 , when it first started becoming popular . I 've owned 3 previous MP3 players , 2 flash based -LRB- Samsung yepp and visual land -RRB- , and 1 hard drive based -LRB- Ipod -RRB- . I tend to use the flash based player for exercising , since they are more rugged and can tolerate the constant movement . I got this player because it has a larger storage space and I like the fact that you can charge this on any computer through the USB port . The built-in lith-ion battery is also a major bonus.However , after using it for about 1 month , I encountered several design flaws that renders the player virtually useless for my purpose . Most of the flaws revolve around the neckstrap control , and some revolve around the player itself.Here are my lists of complaints :1 . The player WILL NOT WORK unless you have the neckstrap . The neckstrap serves two purposes
 I purchased this item a month ago and if you only need to listen to audio for 3 hours at a time , it 's OK . I guess my sour attitude is related to the disappointment ; the unit is really well built ... both light and sturdy . The concept is interesting , but is executed poorly . If you take the time to fully charge the internal battery , you might get an hour out of it . Then take a newly charged battery and place it in the battery pack and you might get another two -LRB- this is far shy of the 6.5 and 10 hours promised -RRB- . And if you want the unit to listen to audio books , it will prove frustrating . If you pause for more than a few seconds , it will turn off ; leaving you to start the chapter or the book over . Whatever ... I 'm moving on to something else . You might think twice before wasting your time on this one .
 This phone was great for about the first 6 months of owning it and actually we have two handsets . On both handsets the # 1 buttons stopped working then the HOLD buttons stopped working . A couple of months later the # 2 and # 3 buttons stopped working on one handset , on the other handset just the # 3 stopped working . I called several local repair shops to inquire about repairing the phones because we spent a lot of money on these phones , and found that no one would even touch the phones , let alone repair them . We are disappointed and are now in the market for new phones .
 When I came across this product it sounded like the answer to uninstalling programs from a Mac . Yes , I know , you can drag an application to the trash can and get rid of it that way . However , this procedure still leaves preference files on the machine . I wanted a complete clean uninstall.Save your money . This is a waste of time and money . Supposedly enables the Mac owner to quickly and easily remove installed apps . I 've yet to be able to make it work . It gives no indication that is actually doing anything when you go to remove an app .
 We had this in our small office for a little over a year . It worked fairly well , but I was n't super impressed . A week ago it died on us . Fortunately , the hard drive was fine , so we could take it out of the defective casing and get our data . I 'm sure most devices do n't die like this one , but I 'm inclined to shop for a different brand .
 I have been using the LS-500GL for 14 months , then -LRB- audio -RRB- snap ! The ` share ' folder was no longer available . Also the cooling fan stopped.I had to reformat the ` share ' after I had determined that I could not recover the data , even with EASEUS software . The fan stopped because 12VDC is no longer supplied to it . So , I am running the unit outside of the case to keep the rig cool -- Unsafe , that.Short term
 I installed this thing OK , but then it kept giving me these random alarm beeps , very loud and very annoying . And everytime it did so it would reset the static IP address I 'd put in there to a dynamic one , forcing me to go in and change it back to make it useable . I called tech support , but all they could do was suggest I update the firmware -- the updater did n't work , and the firmware was the latest version anyway.THEN GRADUALLY THE BEEPS GOT MORE FREQUENT AND THE DISK JUST FAILED!JUNK JUNK JUNK
 This product is good if you are a home user or want to use it strictly as a backup -LRB- ie - only adding 1 or 2 shares with no sub folders that require any kind of permission changing -RRB- . I got it to try and use it as a file storage system for our users , but the setup is terrible for something like this . And everytime I try to do anything , it times out so I have to log back in.The only good I will say is that it is fast . Do not try to use it in a domain environment .
 I could tell immediately when I opened the box that this purchase was a mistake . I did n't consult Amazon first ; I bought one from Fry 's . When installing the software , it 's anything but intuitive . I still have no idea how to set up the ftp feature . And , now I 'm having hardware issues like the ones mentioned in previous reviews -- the drive just disconnects from the network for no reason . I 'm nipping this one in the a ** and returning it immediately . One star .
 I 've had this unit -LRB- LS-500GL -RRB- for 1 year now and there have been consistent hardware problems . The unit would power off automatically or just stop communicating on the network without any notification . A hard reset was required every 2-3 weeks . I 've called Buffalo Support a number of times and besides the customary 30 minute hold , they are less than helpful . The same answer applies that there 's is nothing similar reported and just do a hardware reboot.Two days ago the fan went . Buffalo will NOT replace the device unless it 's been purchased less than a year ago . If it 's a few days older , as in my case , you 're out of luck . There is NO repair service so the unit becomes an expensive doorstop.In short , the LinkStation has been working inconsistently for a year and there is no recourse or repair whatsoever after 365 days.Use caution when considering this device or even BuffaloTech as a vendor . Product and service are sub-par on many fronts .
 The reviews here largely influenced my decision to purchase this NAS , but I am very disappointed . Data transfer rates are so slow that it ca n't be used as a fileserver over a network . Transferring 5GB from a connected USB device to the NAS took almost an hour - and I was not accessing anything else at the time -LRB- not that I could have anyway -RRB- . It is decent for the money but it appears that if you want anything close to usable performance then you 'll need to pony up at least twice this for something from another manufacturer .
 I purchased this NAS drive last week with hopes to use it to backup the four Mac 's I have here on my home network . All the Macs are running Mac OS X Leopard . However , out of the box it does not appear to work . I have set up the drive via the default instructions - but it is not recognized by the Time Machine software as a valid backup disk . I have also done a quick check of support forum and there may be a way to do it - but sounds complex . Looks like I may have to box it back up and return it to Amazon . Darn it ! If anybody has gotten this to work , I am open to try your workaround . Not in a habit of leaving bad reviews - just disappointed since I had the illusion this stuff would work out of the box .
 The idea is great - cute little rechargeable bedside lights . The lights themselves are good-looking . However , there 's a major problem with the design - the induction charging base emits a high-pitched squeal when the lights are n't on it -LRB- to me it 's fingernails-on-chalkboard annoying -RRB- . I called Vessel and they confirmed that all of their two-light charging bases squeal but `` not everybody can hear that high '' . Kids usually have better high-frequency hearing than adults , and since they 're the target users for the lights this design flaw is completely unacceptable .
 I have had to write to the company for a new charger twice after these lights stopped working for no reason . The Mobi light is a much better , more durable product , and the battery lasts far longer . These vessel candeloo lights are attractive but a big disappointment .
 Well I got mine a couple of days ago really eager to use it software seems ok my problem is even though the player is attached to the computer and my computer recognizes that something is plugged in the software does not permit me to copy music over . I called Philips and they said they 'd get a tech to call me within 24 hours since it 's easter I 'll give them some time but otherwise gon na return it .
 This device looks so cool , but the software works so suck . I could n't agree more with the 1 or 2 star rated . I got pretty much the same problems . the file transfering and the software is so outdated and awkward !!! awkkkk ... It takes too long to launch the library before you can transfer files . it stucks and closes the process as soon as it hits certain files . You have to remove that file first and start it over . It such a waste of time . I personally have seen so many problems from Phillips products . Are they going to improve their credibility or what ... !!???
 I got this unit today from Amazon.com . Connected to the computer with USB 2,0 WinXP Pro . Unit not recognized by computer , then software , the Digital Music Manager fails to read my existing MP3 Library -LRB- Application encountered problems needs to close message -RRB- , 30 minutes later unit is back into box with printed UPS Label from Amazon.com -LRB- Terrific Service , by the way -RRB- to be shipped back next day for a REFUND . The unit , I have to agree , is the best looking MP3 Player -LRB- wants to be -RRB- I 've seen . You make your own conclusions !!
 I 've had this for over a year and it 's finally died on me.Problems I 've suffered through include the previously mentioned crap software , a period of lockup -LRB- only once -RRB- where I had to let the battery die and it worked again , and the device being way too quiet for my taste.Browsing through the player 's library has always been a pain , but now the library has stopped updating . In other words , I add tracks , and they do transfer onto the device , but the device does n't see them . I know they 're there because I can look at the files via Windows Explorer . But they 're not there if I try to access them on the device itself . So basically I 'm stuck with what 's on it , and it 's only 56 % full.I 'm going to do some research and buy an ipod or something else . Then , since it 's too late to get my money back , I 'm going to smash this into pieces and never buy Philips again . A $ 250 lesson learned .
 First of all . . this is a VERY beautiful product ! It would have definetely gotten 5 stars !! In my opinion it is well above par -LRB- par being the famous iPod -RRB- I beleive this product COULD have been a huge contender to the ipod ... BUT Philips *** ked up BIG time and decided to includ crappy software -LRB- DMM -RRB- that is probably the worst programming weve ever seen . Basic features of ANY current media program seem to be missing from this software . Its almost a guarantee that the software will freeze or crash at some point . -LRB- Beleive me , I tried it on no less than 4 totally different computers -RRB- . It honestly seems like Philips spent all there R&D and Production money on the actual physical device and only had enough money left over to pay some high school student to build a software program in a couple days . If you DO happed to buy this device , my best advice would be to run the DMM software , copy as much music as u can as fast as u can and then get the HELL out of there !! I ca n't beleive a company this big would do something so stupid . Or maybe it IS beleivable cuz it seems that the bigger the company gets , the less and less the company cares about its customers ... us . On that note , customer support was also very bad . Dont even try to send an email to them . As far as the physical device goes , it works pretty well . The volume is wayyyy to low , though . Anyway , i have this device and i am stuck with it . At least it looks good as it sits on my desk , unable to be used ! One last peice of good news is that there are a couple different websites right now who are working on programing totally NEW software to replace the philips DMM software for GOOD !! Who knows , maybe all the Returns philips gets and all the negative feedback will get them to change , or hopefully get someone fired ! STAY AWAY FROM THIS DEVICE UNTIL PHILIPS WISENS UP AND TOTALLY !!!! REPLACES !!!! -LRB- NOT UPGRADES -RRB- ITS CURRENT SOFTWARE !
 I bought this product at Best-Buy as an exchange item for a Rio Karma jukebox because they did n't have any left in stock.Let me focus on what 's good about this player first , as that will be very easy to cover ... I have to tell you , this has to be the best looking jukebox , and I do n't particularly like the iPod.It has optical / analog input for recording and it also has a built-in mic!The white/black contrast lcd is to die for , with very nice magnesium casing -LRB- nice dark colors too -RRB- . But aside from looks , this thing has nothing that beats any other mp3 player . . There is no way to directly start playing songs . You have to first select a playlist or a category , or even the `` all tracks '' to start playing . If you ever turn it off and then turn it on . . its time to do the same thing again.I can hear it spin when I try to play a song , and I can feel it rotate the drive reader when it goes to the next song.Within an hour of handling it , my fingerprints were so over the place and so noticeable , it was driving me crazy.To add to it , there is no stop button , it never gets as loud as I want it , and it has very crappy visualizations for the songs.The power button is the play button . What kind of user interface design is that?The software that you have to use with it crashes everytime I try to use my existing mp3 archive . Even after updating , it does the same thing . To make it work , I had to manually copy my favorite songs into some prespecified folder ... Took forever . . I would definitely want my Rio Karma back over this thing . Do n't waste money over it . It does n't come with any fancy features that might interest you . Its just a hard drive with mp3 playback and a good looking cover . That 's it .
 The Philips 20 GB Jukebox is great if you can get your music on it.The software you have to use crashes nearly everytime you start it . If you are lucky enough to get into the software you might have a few minutes to put music on the player before it crashes again . -LSB- ... -RSB- The player looks and sounds great , but the software is a nightmare -LSB- ... -RSB-
 As mentioned by several others the software is terrible , the device locks up and ca n't be restarted until the battery is completely dead , but by far the worst thing is that when the battery does actually die and fails to retain a charge , you have to return it to Philips and they charge $ 143.73 to replace the battery !! My advise
 Have owned my Toshiba W627 for 6 months . The picture started jumping about a month ago . Now it jumps so badly that we ca n't watch it . Cleaning did not help . The Warranty was only for 3 months , so I ca n't return it . We had our RCA for over 5 years before it gave us any trouble . I would not buy anything Toshiba again .
 This item appeared to be exactly what I needed for my PC . As a full time web developer , I end up doing a lot of work on my own several PCs and those of family and close friends . I do n't do PC hardware work full time so I do n't have a permanent shop or bench set up . I thought the front panel connectors for hard drives would be much easier than my current method of plugging drives into external USB cases for testing or data recovery.I was very disappointed in this item , also known as OK307 from OKGear . The front face of the panel does not fit a standard 3.5 inch drive slot . It is too large by about 3/32 of an inch all around . The mounting screw holes on the side do not fit as well . The hole pattern matches the rear two holes -LRB- out of three -RRB- on a standard 3.5 inch drive slot . Using those screws would leave the front of the panel about 3 inches inside your case rather than even with the front of the case . The only other option is to use the rear screw hole only on the OK307 to the second from the rear hole on the 3.5 inch drive slot . This has two problems . First , by only using one screw hole on each side , the panel rocks up and down significantly . Second , the front of the panel is now about 1/2 inch inside the case rather than lined up with the front of the case . This is better than being sunken into the case by 3 inches but it is still very unsatisfactory . I purchased OK307 and OK306 -LRB- Molex and IDE -RRB- panels . This mounting problem applies to both and appears to apply to all of the similar series of panels from OKGear.The final problem with this item is that the cables included are much too short . While the 4-pin Molex power connector is short , most PCs have spare connectors that will reach to that cable . The SATA data cable , on the other hand , which is 12 inches long -LRB- 30cm -RRB- , is too short to reach virtually any motherboard 's SATA connectors . If the panel had a male SATA connector , you could use your own SATA cable to complete the connection to your motherboard but it has a female connector . You will have to buy a hard-to-find , expensive , and questionably-reliable male-to-famale SATA extension cable.It is really too bad that the product does not work for its intended purpose . I could really use a front panel SATA , Molex power , and IDE connector solution .
 This company offers overpriced screens and is unresponsive and unfriendly to customers who have a problem . If you want a less expensive screen protector of simiilar quality , try Clarivue .
 Cables To Go - 50018 - 18in Molded Round 2-Device IDE Cable BlackTechnical DetailsImprove airflow in your case while adding a touch of style!Lifetime warrantyClear color with blue neon string24 inProduct DescriptionConnect any 3.5 ? floppy drive to your controller with the GO!MOD Molded Round Floppy Drive Cable from Cables To Go . The slim-line design reduces internal cable clutter for a clean , professional look . This slim profile will reduce over-heating by allowing more airflow inside your case . The flexibility of the floppy cable makes them easier to install than flat ribbon cables . Not to mention the added style you get with the GO ! MOD Molded Round Cables ! The Molded Round Floppy Drive Cable features two 34-pin drive connectors . In addition to working with 3.5 ? floppy drives , it is designed to work with older tape back-up drives.cable id 18in ide description 24 in floppy drive cable . Impossible to order . I already made one mistake .
 Sony CSS-PC1 Cyber-Shot Station for PCI bought a Sony CyberShot DSC-T100 that is what I use it with.Buyer beware
 I bought this mp3 player about a year ago , enticed by its reasonable price and good reviews . However , no one who reviews this product seems to use the product long enough , or they would encounter the many horrible problems with it .1 -RRB- Random queue-all button on the front . Why the hell do you devote 1 button out of 6 on the front to a `` queue all songs in random order button . '' Mistakenly hit this and you not only have to wait for the songs to queue up , but you have to relocate what you were listening to , and then change the play order to in-order from shuffle . What idiot designed that ? 2 -RRB- The menu navigation and back button is counter-intuitive and annoying . The back button is one of the most aggravating features of the zen touch , its functionality is confusing and annoying . It has little memory for where you 've been and often just returns you to the main menu .3 -RRB- DRIVERS AND FIRMWARE ARE AWFUL . I can not stress this enough . The drivers for the zen touch are HORRIBLE . In Creative 's latest , and last , firmware upgrade , the support forums exploded with a problem with windows xp not detecting the player correctly . This results in you not being able to correctly upgrade your firmware . If you ca n't upgrade your firmware correctly , you ca n't connect to the mp3 player . But you ca n't upgrade the firmware without it the OS realizing its an mp3 player . Its an annoying looping system that so far has few fixes . Make sure you explore the support forums before purchasing this horrible product ; make sure you see the 100 page threads complaining about this product .4 -RRB- Support is TERRIBLE . Creative initially sent me a dead charger for this player . A little over a week after i bought the product , it died and i had no idea how to fix it . Instead of helping me in a simple email , they told me that since it had been more than a year , they could n't help me unless i called their `` tutor hotline '' , a $ 20/half-hour phone call that guarantee 's no help.On the plus side , it has very good battery life and its cheap -LRB- for a reason -RRB- . PLEASE , please , listen to me when i say not to buy this product . You 'll regret it in the end as creative is notorious for horrible products , and this is no exception . The whole time i 've owned this product , it has been nothing but a headache .
 I bought the Creative Zen Touch 20 GB MP3 Player for my daughter as a Christmas present . It worked fine until the screen developed a big black spot right in the middle of it . It looks like it 's burned . I called technical support -LRB- 405-742-6622 -RRB- and had to wait for about 20 minutes before someone finally answered . This clown told me I had to pay them $ 10 for tech support . I told him I just wanted an RMA # so I could return it , I did n't need to go through any nonsense . He told me my 1 year warranty was n't going to cover replacing a defective screen and that I had to return it with $ 25 and that the repair department would probably charge me $ 100 to replace it . These guys suck ! This is a $ 200 MP3 player that 's going to cost $ 100 to fix a defective part .
 No matter how good the design of this product may be , and no matter how good the features are , there is an underlying problem with this corporation 's treatment of its customers.I have had a really nasty experience with the Creative Lab Zen Xtra 40G , which convinced me to stop purchasing any of the company 's products . Unfortunately most of my computer sound related accessories are Creative ones.The problem arose when one of the company 's new firmware release bricked the player . After this there was no way to reset the device in any of the ways accessible to owners , it had to be sent back to the labs to restore it . After doing a little on-line research it became clear that many people experienced the same exact problem . Same update , same response , at the same stage of the update . This was no fluke.I exhausted every possible way of getting the Tech support department to take responsibility for this bad piece of software and wave the fees associated with the restoration . Even the supervisor I talked with refused to assist and insisted on referring to the warranty , which in my view has nothing to do with a companies responsibility to wards it 's clients.An owner should not be responsible in regards to the breaking of hardware due to buggy software by the manufacturer itself .
 The player worked great for about a year and a half , then I decided to update the firmware from Creative 's website so that the player was compatible with WMP . The player froze up during the update and is now stuck in recovery mode . I am an intermediate computer user and have tried all of the self-help on Creative 's support site to no avail . Creative will not even provide email tech support now that the warranty is period is expired . They want $ 25 to issue an RMA for repair ... the least expensive repair is more than the price of a new identical player . I will never buy another Creative product .
 The interface is nice , sound is good , and it stores a lot of music . However , after having this player for about 6 months the volume stopped being adjustable -LRB- the cheap volume buttons on the side somehow broke internally and now it 's useless -RRB- . Since the warranty on this thing is no-where close to apple 's , there was nothing I could do to fix it . So , after wasting a few hundred bucks I bought an ipod and am now happy . Since the volume and controls are all on one wheel , I do n't have to worry about 5 different buttons breaking . Plus the warranty for the ipod starts at 1 year -LRB- compared to Creative 's 3 month warranty -RRB- , so I wo n't have to worry about it breaking in 6 months again . Sorry Creative .
 Wonderous Creative Inc fails to notify buyers of the Creative Zen Touch 40GB that all files in your music library get copied to ONE single ROOT directory on the player -LRB- Read
 I purchased this product for my husband 's birthday . Unfortunately , he only had it 2 days before an accident occurred in which the belt clip slipped from his belt and the player fell about 2 feet to our tile floor . This 1 fall seems to have wrecked the player . I might have done better to purchase a $ 300 brick . I am currently researching methods of somehow rescuing the player without paying the exhorbitant repair fees charged by Creative -LRB- since the warranty does n't cover anything that is n't Creative 's `` fault '' -- as if poor durability is n't their fault -RRB- . I have heard that the I-pod can sustain several falls without severe problems , and if I had known of the Zen 's poor durability before my purchase , I would have bought the I-pod instead . So
 I cancelled this purchase before it was shipped , because the Creative MP3 players are not compatible with Audible -LRB- my source for audio book downloads -RRB- .
 I bought a zen touch for my sons birthday . he hasnt used it very much , but the buttons on the front have stopped working . it is just within the warranty.There is NO 1-800 customer support line . They charge you for technical support $ 15 for 30 minutes . We have been trying to get an RMA number to return the player for about a month now . Everything is by email and we have heard nothing from them . It is extremely frustrating not being able to talk to anyone at creative about this.I was dismayed to read about the problems everyone else is having with this product .
 Bought three -LRB- 3 -RRB- Zen Touch for Christmas 2004 -LRB- just a bit over one year ago -RRB- . The disk drive one on went bad less than two months later . Creative Lab replaced it with a refurbished unit -- I hated that but had no choice.Now just one week after the one year part warranty hads expired , disk drive on another one went bad !!! It will cost $ 24.95 for diagnotics + parts to fix the player.It could be bad luck , but this is a rather disappointed experience for me -LRB- 66 % failure rate -RRB- , so I think it would be fair to warn you all .
 I 'll start with the positives - The touch pad is a great feature.However , I had this product and was able to use it for just over a year before I was having battery problems -LRB- I just attributed that to the cold weather - I went to school in the mountains -RRB- . Once I got to a warmer , more stable climate , things seemed to even out . A few months went by without incident until one day it `` fragmented '' itself . I called customer support and had to pay $ 13 for them to tell me that I would have to send it in to get it defragmented -LRB- for lack of a better phrase -RRB- for the same price it would cost me to buy a new , albeit smaller memory , audio player . I was told that since the drive is 40GB , this happens more frequently than not . And , in talking to some of my techie friends , I was told that they too had bought one for a teenage son and it did the same thing . Twice . Even after sending it in for a repair . I junked this one and got a Toshiba -LRB- same memory capacity -RRB- and have had no problems since . I will never buy a Creative Zen product and will warn others to follow suit .
 DO NOT BUY THIS OR ANYTHING ELSE WITH THE CREATIVE LABS LOGO !! Where to begin with this piece of junk ? I bought this due to its hard drive size , its compatibility with all types of music files , its long lasting battery , and the other reviews I read . When I got the refurbished -LRB- by Creative Labs -RRB- player , the first thing I did was install the software , then tried to sync the player with Windows Media Player 11 . As soon as I turned the player on -LRB- after chargin the battery -RRB- , I got a firmware error message . A search through the Creative Labs website to find a fix resulted in receiving an RMA to send it back to Creative Labs for repair , which I did . A month and several inquiries to Creative as to the status of the player later , I checked the RMA website where I was told there was as issue with the RMA . No email notification that there was problem , and I was surprised as I had followed their instructions for returning it for repair . I still do n't have a working player and do n't have high expectations when I get it back . Maybe my viewpoint will change when I am actually able to use an operable player , but I would n't recommend buying anything made by Creative Labs . There are better players out there for comparable prices , and I am regretting my decision to buy it . Next time , I 'm getting a Cowon , a Zune , or -LRB- may my tongue turn black for saying -RRB- an ipod .
 The first day I got my Zen MP3 player , the hard drive immediately stopped working by the second song . I returned it for a different player and am satisfied with the second player so far . My only problem with the Zen player is that you can not create files to store different types of music or certain albums , but I guess you can overcome that issue by playing music according to artist , genre , etc. . . Also , I 'm still waiting for my refund from e-parts and more for having to ship out my broken player . It has n't come yet .
 I used email customer support , as their live support is only available during regular office hours and inconvenient for me to use . Their email system works such that if a problem is not resolved with a single correspondence , the next correspondence is handled by a different person . This is apparently a random process . Accordingly , each time the issue is reviewed , the person doing the reviewing is completely unfamiliar with the problem . It 's also obvious that each new person does not carefully read over the troubleshooting history . This results in the same advice being repeated , and also completely inappropriate advice being given . I had a problem with software installation , but somewhere along the process one of the Creative people got the idea that I had a problem with recognition of the player . Even after I responded -LRB- twice ! -RRB- that that was n't the issue , they continued to try to solve this nonexistent problem , while at the same time ignoring my real problem . Also , any comments or questions that I had that I thought would help to resolve my issue were completely ignored . Mostly their responses appeared to have been cut and pasted out of some kind of boilerplate customer service manual -LRB- including offers to buy more Creative products -RRB- . Finally , they accused me of ignoring their advice , which is true because their advice was irrelevant !
 I enjoyed my Creative Zen Touch when it was working . The first Creative Zen mp3 player I received had a problem with the stereo in a few months when I put in the earphones . You could get it to work if you held the earphone connection in a certain position.I sent it back under the warranty and I received a `` new '' refurbished one -- serial number crossed out and covered with white label . It too went down in a couople of months and I sent it back.I again received a `` new '' refurbished one -- serial number crossed out and covered with a white label . The earphones are no longer working on this one with the same problem as my first one.So three Creative Zen Touches and each one had problems . I guess I 'm going to buy an iPod .
 This is the second Creative MP3 player I 've owned . First was a Creative Nomad Jukebox , which died after about 13 months . The PC software was awkward to use - or maybe it was just poor documentation with the software.The Creative Zen Touch performed much better - it required a reset much less often , and the resets took several seconds instead of a few minutes . -LRB- The Nomad took a few minutes to re-build the library after every reset or after charging a battery that had run out . -RRB- The Zen Touch was also much faster for moving through menus , finding a song , and getting the song started.Battery life was great , somewhere around 10 hours , maybe more.After 8 months , my Zen Touch froze up in the middle of a song . The only thing it would respond to was the reset , and after the reset it immediately froze in the same place . It had performed well until then , but seems to be a goner . Luckily the Nomad had taught me to buy an extra warranty from the retailer.Before buying this , go to creative.com and check out their customer support section . They do NOT want to talk to customers who are having problems with their products , especially if it 's been more than 60 days since the purchase !
 As others have said , the sound is great and battery life is excellent . That 's about it . If you -LRB- God forbid -RRB- hit the `` shuffle '' button -LRB- why do we need a `` shuffle '' button on the outside where you 'll hit it often ? -RRB- you will `` shuffle '' until you magically hit the button -LRB- s -RRB- to correct it - or the Zen gods shine down on you . I 've had this player for several years and still ca n't figure it out . Instruction manual ? Forget it.The touch pad is irritating as you will overshoot your mark often no matter how often you adjust it . There is nothing intuitive about the software.Here 's the best thing . Sometimes it ... just ... quits . You have to get a paperclip , stick it into a little hole and it revives itself . No idea why it does this . But rest assured , it will do it at the worst possible moment when there is no paperclip or other similar object in sight.I bought the Zen because I hate anything Apple . My next MP3 , unfortunately , will be an Ipod . And the way the Zen has been acting up lately - it might be sooner rather than later .
 I got the Zen Touch 40 gig about 1 month ago . Like everyone here , I did some research , and decided this gave the best bang for the buck . Which it does . But .1 -RRB- I bought an accessory
 Had a Zen xtra 40gb player that was great except for the toggle switch . The Zen Touch fixed this with the touch scroller , but it is a little hard to get a handle on . Sound was great using 3rd party earbud headphones or when connected to another stereo . Industrial design/build/feel of the unit is greatly improved over previous versions.Skip using the included software and just use Media Player 10 for free - works much better for organizing music and keeps all the same details on the player as well - cataloging , file extensions , etc.The BIG problem with mine and my neighbor 's 20gb Zen Touch is that it constantly locks up while playing . You can hear the disk spinning/grinding . Neither unit has been dropped and we have run scan disks and are running the latest firmware.I am returning my today ! iRiver will be next on my list ...
 I spent a great deal of time installing cameras for one of these DVRs -LRB- for home security -RRB- only to find out that the DVR did not work . Silly me , I called tech support only to find that Swann is an Australian company so their tech support is never open when anyone except for American vampires or long-haul truckers might be awake . By using the Swann website , I 've found that the HD is defective and Swann will not replace it unless I pay to return the unit to them . This company does not stand behind it 's products . Do not buy this DVR . You should absolutely not rely on a piece of junk like this for any sense of security for life , property , or business .
 This product only worked for about 6 months then just stopped recording . I think the hard drive is bad . I would not recommend this product .
 I ordered this headset -LRB- the white ones -RRB- base on Cnet reviews and the fact that I was looking for a `` Hi-Fi quality '' set . I did try them with 2 MP3 , A SANSA 8GB and a Rio carbon -LRB- which overall sounds better that the SANSA in my opinion -RRB- they sounded terrible , even after doing all the adjustments , I even think I received a damage set since there was a lot vibration from the right side speaker . Totally disappointed with these . They made me gain new appreciation for my BOSE earphones , which sound 100 % better than these .
 I do n't know what I 'm missing that all these other folks are raving about . The ER6 phones are extremely tinny - no bass response , a good amount of background crackle , and very thin , weak sound . I cant believe I spent $ 100 on these - my $ 30 sony 's sound better . Do n't do it .
 As I was researching for noise cancellation headphones I came across a very favorable review for the Etymotic ER6 Isolator . The review impressed so much I ordered a pair immediately . Unfortunately , these did not live up to my expectations . While sound quality is good at low volume these headphones distort at moderate volume levels . I expect that bass response in headphones have always disappointed me but the bass response in these is poorer than average . Once again , the problem is distortion at moderate volume levels.Second , these headphones are excellent at eliminating background noises . However , this is a double edge sword . On the one hand ALL moderate background noise is eliminated when you are listening to music . YOU CA N'T HEAR A THING . The headphone lives up to its `` Isolator '' name . It truly isolates you from background noise . Then again , that 's the problem . I can see my wife making comments but I ca n't hear a thing she is saying . Some men might welcome this but any wise married man knows this is not a good thing.Overall , I can live with the convenience of these ultra small headphones that can easily fit in my briefcase . However , I plan to get another pair that gives better sound performance .
 I tried these and sent them back . For years I 've been using Sony in-ear earbuds and got used to the sound quality . The Etymotic ER6 does an ok job at sound isolating but no more than most in-ear ear buds and they have a low sound quality when compared to the others . The frequency response for the Etymotics is 20 Hz to 16 kHz . For the Sony it is 23Hz to 6Hz . This is a big difference in sound quality especially bass . Remember these are n't noise cancelling headphones they are noise isolating . All in-ear ear buds are noise isolating . I also ca n't figure out why they cost so much more .
 I have $ 5 earbuds that sound better than these . I was hoping for an exciting new audio experience . sigh.Buy the Shure E series or Bose earbuds instead , I did .
 I would love to review this product but here it is one month later and I still have n't received it , so I would have to say that the product and the distributor are no good .
 I bought these earphones based on all the great reviews . Wanted to experience music on my new ipod at a new level like many of the reviewers said I would . Absolutely did not happen . The bass was nonexistant even though I crammed those things as far I as dared into my ear canal . Which , by the way , it just a little creepy when you think about it . This ca n't be good for your ears ! These earphones are going back to Amazon as fast as possible .
 I bought these based on excellent reviews , but no amount of fiddling is getting any bass from these headphones . I 'm very dissapointed .
 READ ALL REVIEWS \ LOOKED UP ON CNET \ GOT ALOT OF GOOD REVIEWS \ I DID NOT KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT EARBUBS , STILL DO NOT KNOW MUCH \ BUT I DO KNOW THAT THESE ARE AWFULL REALLY AWFULL \ SENT THEM BACK AND SPENT MORE MONEY FOR THE SHURE E3C \ NOW THE E3C ARE AMAZING \ AGIAN THESE WERE TRULY AWFUL \
 I ca n't argue with the sound quality -LRB- although you definitely hear contact with the wire -- probably unavoidable with a light-weight wire -RRB- . More troubling is that they simply do n't survive normal use . The wire is too light-weight & did n't last even a year before one ear starting cutting out . I nearly always placed the headphones back in their carrying case after use . They 're simply too delicate to be this expensive .
 I 've been wanting these headphones ? earphones ? since the first time I read about them . I 'm a bit of a headphone purist , but at $ 129 I do n't think my expectations are unfair . I 'll compare these to Sony MDR-NC11 active noise cancelling earphones -LRB- $ 99 -RRB- which are the shove-into-your-brain type like the Etymotics , and a regular set of cans , Beyerdynamic DT-231 's -LRB- $ 58.95 -RRB- . I am using a `` real '' headphone amp -LRB- Tascam -RRB- . SOUND
 For earphones at this price , they were thin , felt cheap , and tangled easily . While I like that in my women , it 's no good for earphones . Also , it takes a PhD to figure out how to get these adjusted in your ears properly and I do n't have a doctorate in putting complicated earphones on . Sound quality sort of is no longer an issue with all of these problems . I mean really , someone could hook-up a potato with all the hi-tech audio wizardry in the world but it does n't make me want to pay $ 100 for them shove them in my ears .
 this is the worse product I ever bought , low quality sound , noisy and unconfortable I am talking both r 4 and r 6 when the plug in moves from th source , makes a sound almost make me deaf . very very dissapointed .
 I was very dissapointed in these earphones . I listen to classical and bluegrass music . These earphones sound thin with a total lack of any bass . I bought Zune earphone and they sound great
 I was disappointed with these earphones . The sound level was low and higher frequency sound seemed attenuated . The $ 30 Sony MDR-EX51 earphones I already owned sounded much better .
 A purchased an ER6i Isolator Earphones to listen to my IPOD -LRB- 5G -RRB- . No question about sound isolator quality !!! What is questionable here is it 's durability . The problem is inside the jack , specifically the wiring . The cables in there break , apparently very easy . And this is not a common jack that can be replaced since there is where their sound technology resides . The warranty last a year , mine broke a little over a year with no frequent use -LRB- priced at $ 99 . -RRB- Is it possible Etymotic Research Team matches price , quality , warranty period and durability of this expensive but nice product ?
 These earphones have an extremely long cord . So much so , that I had to wrap it around my neck to keep it from getting in the way . I too , had trouble keeping them in my ears , but what really is annoying is that the filters seem to constantly need changing , and the last time I had to do this , I removed the old filter with the tool provided , and it must have somehow damaged the speaker , because now the sound is terrible and I can no longer use the earphones . Big waste of money .
 I have to say , since I really started listening to music I have payed attention to a lot more detail of sound . With that said I am not a bass junky ; but bass and compression of the overall mix is what makes a sound a good sound . I currently owned a pair of Sony MDR-EX81LP -LRB- that cost me 30-40 dollars a year ago -RRB- I am a medical student and I study all day and all night , but can not have my music blasting . Conversely I needed to have a nice isolation of my sound . Comparing my old Sony to the new ER-6 that I just got , I am EXTREMELY DISSAPOINTED with their performance . I was expecting a great sound with minimal noise from the outside and get almost no response at the level that I studied with my old ear buds . To be fair remember that these are not noise cancelling , they are noise reducing . There is no component involved here , they are basically really good earplugs with speakers in them . My wife just ran the vacuum and I barely heard it . The earplug reduced noise feature is great and comfortable ; however my other ones -LRB- Sony earbuds -RRB- sound better . A combination of the two would be great . Keep in mind that this is my opinion and make your own based on why you are buying earbuds . Environmental sound reduction is great , sound quality is not as good as some others ... choose your fault and pay attention to pricing .
 Sad to say , I received my ER-6 's today , and was bitterly disappointed with their performance . They are grossly underpowered , and required me to turn the volume on my Sony NW-E407 virtually all the way up to the max in order to get a decent sound out of them . I realize , based on other reviews here , that the ER-6 's are considered to be light on bass , but what I did not expect -LRB- and what I discovered too late -RRB- is how tinny , hollow and distant that sound would be . Up until receiving these , I was using Shure E2 's which offered a considerably more lush sound for the same price . Likewise , using my Shure 's , I did not need to turn the volume to the max in order to enjoy the music . I will give the ER-6 's some points for style and comfort , but that is a bit of a wash when you consider how dreadfully average they perform their primary function , i.e. , producing sound.C ` est la vie ... my next headphone investment
 I orderd these hoping to upgrade from my Sony MDR-EX51 earbuds . I was dissapointed ! They lack any fullness of bass . The Sonys I already own have significantly better bass and overall sound . I tried endless adjustment in my ears -- pushing them way-in and trying both the foam and silicone eartips -- just could not get a suitable full/robust sound from them . The silicone eartips fit SO snug that they create an air-tight seal . This sounds like a good thing but it really is n't unless you are sitting still . If you are active while listening , an anoying sensation of needing to `` pop '' your ears developes becasue there is no natural breathability usually present as part of your ear-canal anatomy.I would say they are very crisp and clear in the mid-range and high frequency but devoid of bass-punch . If you only listen to classical music these may be for you . If you like rock or want good bass , look for someting else .
 I was dissapointed enough with this product that i returned it back to amazon . In my mind it did not deliver the goods . I found it to be uncomfortable after any sort of prolonged use -LRB- and i did try all the different rubber fittings -RRB- . The bass was weak and in general i thought the sound quality was average . Definately not what i had expected from a product of this price .
 I read the reviews and thought these would be a big improvement over my $ 15 in-ear Koss earphones . Even though many reviewers complained about a lack of bass , my ears are n't usually sensitive enough to notice things like that.Not with these ! No bass to speak of , and as a result , they sound very tinny . I tried all the ear pieces , including the foam , which is similar to my old Koss earphones , but none made much of a difference . I even put the foam tips on my Koss and they sounded fine , so it 's not a fit issue , it 's the ear phones.Save your money , these are n't worth the hype !
 Sound quality not good had too replace filters fast . Noise canceltion is really good volume of sound not great
 i was really looking forward to a great experience with these , as i had been using the ipod standard ear buds and these were supposed to be awesome . what a disappointment ! there is NO BASS with these things , you have to turn up your volume to maximum to get adequate volume , and there was a distinct hiss . i read the disclaimer about making sure they fit deep into the ear , and i made sure they were moistened and inserted snugly into the ear canal . the fit was OK and they were relatively comfortable -LRB- not as much as the ipod earbuds -RRB- but they are intended to insert more deeply . no matter how i fiddled with the fit , changed sizes of ear flange , etc. the sounds was thin and harsh . i sent them back the same day . buyer beware .
 I wholeheartedly agree with D.Kraft . These are HORRIBLE . There is absolutely no bass , and I mean NO BASS at all . I thought there was something wrong with my Sandisk so I plugged in the OEMs but they worked fine . Tried the foam inserts and they did n't help a bit . I already had the EQ set up for maximum bass . I never minded the sound quality of the earbuds that came with the unit , was just bothered by the wind noise while cycling , so was looking for something quieter but with better overall response so I could enjoy the music at a lower volume and still be happy . These are not the answer , I can assure you . I do n't know what the reviewer at the top spotlight review was using before these but they must have been pretty awful . Or he works for Etymotic . Personally , I think his review is `` hogwash '' . But that 's just my personal experience . You may take it for what it 's worth , I suppose .
 I did a lot of research before putting these on my 2005 Christmas list and was very disappointed once I got them and tried them out . I followed the instructions to a T as far as putting them in your ear to form a seal and was pleased that the sound isolation was very good - I could n't hear anything else in a room full of people talking . However , the output sound quality is very poor
 I did a lot of research and had high expectations for these headphones . Since I could n't find them at BB or CC -LRB- is that a red flag ? -RRB- , I looked online and bought them from Amazon.The sound is flat . The earphones may fit other ears well but definitely not mine . The bass is awful , sounds like blown out woofers on a cheap rental car . And yes , I did follow the instructions very carefully . There is no volume control on the cord , something that even my cheap Sony headphones have.So , I am returning these . I hope you have better luck than me . Not worth $ 20 , much less $ 80 .
 After my Bose ear buds gave out I wanted to try something that was close to but cheaper than Bose , the ER6 Isolator was not it ! you have to push them deep inside your ear that causes suction and you can barley hear the bass the sound quality is terrible . But they do the keep outside noise out and come with an foam ear buds instead of the rubber ones but that does not help . So I went back to Bose got them for $ 75 dallors at some website I am never going to stray again .
 They offer good noice cancellation qualities but have poor bass . Takes a while to get use too .
 I 've had four pairs of the ER6 phones over the past couple of years . Each time one or both of the wires has come loose , rendering them useless . The point at which the wire is connected to the headphone is very flimsy . No strain relief or other reinforcement . The wire seems to run underneath a piece of soft rubber wrapped around the whole earpiece and straight into the tiny electronics speaker . I 've tried to treat them delicately , eliminating activities I use them with each time -- exercising , walking , resting in bed , on the airplane , etc. . I just went through my 4th pair and I 'm not sure what I can do to prevent the problem -- maybe sit in a chair.I also have a pair of the Shure E2c 's , but they 're too bulky and do n't isolate sound nearly as well . They 're very durable though , so I use them for exercising . I 'm happy to see that others are starting to make this type of phone . Perhaps I 'll try Ultimate Ears next . I wish Etymotic would address this small flaw to an otherwise excellent set of earphones.Until then , I would only recommend the ER6 's if you plan to use them while sitting still .
 I purchased these after watching DTV on Tivo & the rave reviews . Personally I say they are they are OK the noise reduction is minimal in comparison the noise cancelling headphones from Sharper Image & I worked in a production setting with very loud machines . These also cancel all BASS via my Sony Walkman SRF-M85V ; I 'm not a Bass Junkie however a little would be nice . For the $ $ try them before you buy them . If you like all Treble you 'll be fine .
 First , one must have an excellent and , literally , wet seal to hear anything . Second , what one hears is a great deal of high pitched tinny sound and inadequate base . The vacuum necessary to hear anything leads to mild then moderate discomfort after an hour or two of use . And all of this at a hefty price . These earphones are small but the cord is too long .
 I ca n't talk too much about this product without getting upset . I heard so many good things about these headphones , but , for me at least , they really are n't very good.In the documentation for these headphones , it says that you have to create a good seal in your ears to hear all the frequencies being played . Well , no matter how far I shoved these headphones into my ear I could not get a lick of bass . The middle frequencies are also distorted . Maybe I have weird ears , but they ca n't even hold a candle to the much cheaper Sony in-ear headphones . You should just be aware that you might also suffer similar problems .
 I took a chance on these ER-6 's after seeing all the 5 star reviews.I was completly let down they did not sound much better than my $ 20.00 pair of Jlabs . You have to put them so far into your ear canal that it feels like it is touching your brain . Very little Bass , and unless you are sitting still the cheap thin cords that look like they would break off with the first tug act as amplifiers.Anytime you touch the cord it vibrates into your ears . For 80 Bucks they are poorly made . Sound mediocre at BEST . I am trying the V-Moda Bass freq . next I have read in several magazines and on line they they are as good as the $ 100.00 V-moda metal ones with real sounding Bass without it overpowering and taking away from the mids and highs . They should arrive Wed. from Amazon and I will write a review on them next . If you are anything like Me and enjoy many types of music but mainly Rock & Metal stay away from these cheaply made poorly sounding Buds . Also if you like me use them at work and need to talk to coworkers once in a while forget about these . You have to take 1 out of your ear and that is not an easy task . J.Carroll
 I was very excited to get these earphones in the mail today , and when I went to go try them out I was very dissapointed . I plugged them into my ipod to listen to classical music and to be honest , it sounded like the orchestra was playing out of a tin can . They did sound fine for pop and rock but as for the classical , it lacked big time . If you are like me and mostly listen to classical , i would NOT reccomend these earphones . They just do n't have that full , clean , and pure orchestral sound that is needed for classical listening . I 'm definately going to return these and use my old earphones which are far better for classical in my opinion -LRB- $ 20 Philips HE-592 's -- have n't found any other in-ear ` phones better than these . -RRB-
 I am somewhat disappointed . The base response is less than I had hoped for , and these earbuds do n't go very loud . Perhaps I should have bought the er-6i . I run long distance and I listen to rock like Led Zepplin , and I had thought these would be better than the Sony 's I have - wrong . I did note that the high end is very precise . I suppose if you are into classical these these buds are for you .
 I loved the sound immediately -LRB- when I am standing still -RRB- . However , I walk with my MP3 player as a part of my work commute requires doing so . And because of the way the ER6 is designed , there is no dissipation of accoustics generated from within -LRB- I guess that 's the biproduct of good sound isolation -RRB- , I hear a resonating thumping noise with every step . I have not tried jogging with them yet but I would assume that hearing the pounding of my heartbeat would drive me crazy . Also , the cords connecting to the buds are too fragile . I had returned the item immediately for fear that I may damage the delicate earbuds . Thank goodness for Amazon 's great return policy .
 I have purchased five Linksys/Cisco VPN routers in the last five years . Two `` RV042 `` s , Two `` BEFSX41 `` s , and one RVL200 . -LRB- Yes , I have -LRB- maybe now `` had '' -RRB- a preference for the Linksys/Cisco brand . -RRB- But out of these five VPN routers , both of the RV042s have failed -LRB- blinking diag light -RRB- within about 16 months from the date of purchase.When not in failure mode , the RV042 is a cost effective router and I have paired them together or have mixed and matched with the BEFSX41 , RVL200 and a Sonicwall VPN router -LRB- do n't know the model since I was connecting to a third-party administered site -RRB- with good results . It also has a large feature set for the price -LRB- DHCP w / MAC mapping , 5 IPsec VPNs , VLAN support , etc. . . -RRB- and since the last firmware upgrade , it has not been buggy -LRB- unlike in 2006 , which was two firmware upgrade versions earlier -RRB- . It is , however , prone to early failure based on my experience and other user comments/reviews . One reviewer here has stated the Blinking Diag Light of Death -LRB- `` BDLOD '' -RRB- may be due to a firmware problem although I recall during my first failure , another reviewer -LRB- you might need to google this issue -RRB- stated that these BDLODs may be due to bad capacitors . This person posted a DIY capacitor replacement guide on the web.For now , I might just spend the $ 180.00 for another RV042 so I can easily load my configuration backups . My full-time profession -LRB- Patents -RRB- is not IT so there 's a need to get my End Point VPNs , VoIP PBX w / SIP phones connected using a Wireless 802.11 bridge , Real-time offsite file backups and remote desktop functionality -LRB- for all fifteen PCs and Laptops -RRB- up and running with minimal disruption . When configured correctly , having VPN end-points enables dependable offsite computing , greatly increasing my productivity . I 'll then research and implement a transition plan on my own schedule to avoid unintended surprises . Note I have a 9 year old D-Link non-VPN wireless router and it is still in use!Overall , the RV042 has a large feature set and is relatively stable . If you do purchase it , you might not be disapointed but it might be a good idea to backup your configuration settings and have a spare RV042 backup available to minimize downtime.Cheers and Good LuckP.S . I found the BEFSX41 to be a the `` little engine that could '' of VPN routers . It 's fast , very inexpensive and reliable . It does have a somewhat limited feature set , e.g. , it does not support MAC address DHCP mapping . The RVL200 is also an interesting product - I find the SSL VPN functionality convenient . I have used remote desktop to read my email and pull files while away via SSL VPN - easy , Web-browser -LRB- active-x only ? -RRB- compatible and a no-brainer to use . Every once in while , - it has a `` system busy '' problem during logon but this does not occur frequently enough for me to regret my purchase .
 The product is ` cheesey ' ... . the display is not very clear ... the unit I bought would not sotre the time al continually reverted back to 2009 ... the voice is so low -LRB- without any volumne control -RRB- the sound of the phone ringing drowns out the barely decernible voice ... . it does not come with an ac adapter ... the packaging was non-existant ...
 I purchased two of these and neither one worked properly . It shows that an AC adapter will power the unit but this did not happen when I tried to do so . Avoid this product .
 item not backlit as shown . very hard to read . item returned same day i bought it , and bought different item .
 I Do n't like this item for the reason 's because One -LCB- 1 -RCB- it is Nothing like what it is in the discription . Two -LCB- 2 -RCB- The Liquid Crystal Display is ALMOST Non Exsisant , and Thirdley -LCB- 3rdly -RCB- The Volume of the Voice Activation for when the telephone rings is so Low / Soft , that one can bareley Hear It.In my own Opinion , it 's NOT , NOT Worth the Expense for this OR Anything else that Does n't Work the way it is supposed to !
 Received the unit I purchased from Amazon it was a piece of junk !! Ca n't read the display and the product does n't even come with its own power cord . If you need a reliable caller ID box , I would strongly recommend the Fanstel , since this is the unit I ended up purchasing from another retail supplier .
 The Emerson Large Display Caller id product was defective . The number display showed only `` parts '' of the numbers , and the actual display was cut off at the left and unreadable . The vendor via email seemed fine and Maxi-aids agreed to processing a return but I had to provide my own return labelling and postage . I actually did n't know before this that Amazon does n't cooridnate returns with outside vendors listed on the site , and as a result of my experience on this purchase , will never buy anything that lists a vendor as the purchase agent . It was a complete rip off . I 've never had a problem with `` Amazon '' backed purchases , but with this product via this vendor , no refund was ever processed . I lost not only the product cost and shipping , but also return shipping to send the defective item back . Costly . Awful . Do n't buy this product . Also , this vendor is not recommended .
 The picture of the product makes it looks like it has a nice , bright blue back lit display . I reality , it 's not back lit at all . Instead it 's the typical dark greenish looking LCD that you ca n't read unless you 're right next to it and viewing it from just the right angle . I 've looked around a bit and just ca n't find a standalone caller ID box with large characters on a back lit display that you can see from across a small room , or even from one end of a sofa to the other . What 's so tough making something like that ?
 This display has large text but no lighting . Unless you have perfect light and perfect angle , the display is almost impossible to read .
 I agree with one of the other reviews , this appears to have a nice blue back light ; however , it does n't . Do n't buy this piece of junk !!!!!!
 I bought one of these Emerson jumbo caller id boxes and i was extremely disappointed.As soon as i hooked it up , the contrast needed to be adjusted because the display wasnt readable at all.Even after adjusting the contrast display to maximum setting , you still cant read the display unless you look at it at a specific angle.Whats the purpose of making a jumbo display if you can only read it at a certain angle ?!!? So if your looking for a large caller id display thats easy to read , stay away from this unit!The picture that shows this items caller id display with `` John Smiths '' name on it is totally fake.This unit doesnt even come close to being read that easily.I returned this item the next day : -LRB-
 The really big issues I have with it are that the `` talking caller-id '' does n't announce the name , only the phone number and the unit does n't work with call-waiting . If you have Call-Waiting-ID , this unit will NOT work with it.If you receive a call-waiting call while you 're talking to someone , this wo n't show who 's trying to call in.So be warned :1 . It announces phone numbers but not names .2 . It does not work with call-waiting3 . It has a 6v input for an A/C adapter , but the adapter must be located and purchased separately .4 . It has a red `` Ringer '' light at the top of the unit , and you 'd think that it would remain flashing after a new call comes in , but it does n't . It 's purely so you can see that the phone is ringing at the moment.Guess what , Emerson ... most of the calls I 'm not interested in receiving are for people whose phone numbers I do n't have memorized!I hope the `` Talking '' feature did n't cost me too much extra , because giving me the number only is useless.On top of that , it does n't have any volume control , and the volume with which it announces the numbers is so low as to be nearly useless , at least on mine.The only saving grace is that you can tell it how many time you want it to announce the number , from 5 times down to zero ... I was able to set mine at zero , so it 's useless , but at least not a useless irritation.It 's also difficult to see the display unless you are looking slightly UP at it , even with the contrast turned all the way up .
 The PRS clicker contains all of the flaws of planned obsolescence . Tiny screen , horrible user interface , and limited capability . It is a crutch for teachers that ca n't get students to participate . A useless an unnecessary technology that inhibits real learning in the classroom through discussion and free thought .
 1st of all let me say I HAD TO BUY THIS . One of my general education classes requires it to take attendance . WHAT A FREAKING SCAM . It is $ 50 dollars and what you get is a piece of crap devise that is pretty much like a calculator . The screen is no better than a calculator and the devise works for 1 thing . YAY !!! I can submit answers without the professor ; 1 . taking attendance himself or 2 . -LRB- my favorite -RRB- treating me like an actual college student and not taking attendance . What makes me most mad about this is that it just smells like corporate greed -LRB- im no raging liberal but damn it just feels wrong -RRB- . Everyone is required in a lot of REQUIRED gen. ed . classes = $ $ $ $ $ $ . My professor does n't even take it seriously . He just post little b.s. questions every once in a while . I would n't be so mad if it would be used as a standard for the next 10 years at my school , hell even 5 would be good -LRB- more chance for students to resell or not re-buy -RRB- . But I know its not since my sophomore year i had to buy another one -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- from this same company that got outdated in just 2 years and replaced by this one . Next they will make one that has a bigger screen or some other negligible improvement and charge $ 70 . Anyways that 's my rant.Enjoy your piece of crap devise that you too are probably forced to buy -LRB- used if you can help it -RRB- .
 This seller never shipped my item , I tried emailing her several times . Because my daughter needed it for college I just went out and bought it , now after ship date has long passed she emailed me and asked if I still wanted it . Would never purchase from this seller again .
 This product is a joke ! I have clicker points during class and the thing would work half the time and not the other half ! I just missed some points out of my class grade due to this . At first I thought it was the batteries so I replaced the batteries and thing wont even turn on now . I called Customer service center spoke with 7 people there for 2 freaking hours ! They told me it was broke I need TO BUY A NEW ONE ! I wrote the CEO of the company because I am sick of poor products and poor customer service .
 I bought this otterbox to make a water proof ipod mount for my motorcycle . As far as I know it is ... was watertight . I had to drill 2 small holes in it to attach a bracket for a ram mount . I used o rings and silicone to make it waterproof . The problem is that this does not let the ipod breathe . This resulted in several lockups with the ipod . No fun riding down the road . I then , in several steps , proceeded to drill ventilation holes to allow the ipod to cool off while riding . Better but still crashing my ipod . What I have now looks like swiss cheese and still does not cool enough to work properly . I have the 30gb , I recently replaced the battery as I thought that may have been a problem and I heard there were some that would cause the ipod to overheat . In short , if you are thinking of doing this , Do n't . It looks great and while it works it works good . in the end you will regret it . I ended up fabricating a mount out of aluminum .
 Had the memory for one month and it 's dead . Memory Error ! message all the time and card will no longer be formatted . Junk .
 My camera is a HP 935 Photosmart , 5.3 MP ... etc.Im not quite sure how this happens , but the camera would n't turn on with the card inserted . Then it would n't turn off till I took it out.Since returning it , I have bought a Sandisk 512 MB card ... AAAHHHHH , working perfectly now . Maybe I received a damaged card ... or not . My advice is to stick to a brand you know .
 okay my friend recently purchased this item , and the picture is just awful compared to other lcd tv 's out there that supports HD-Tv ! the sound is acceptable but the view messes it up for the whole tv . i 'm encouraging you not to buy this item , and instead buy the Samsung 20 '' 1763 which is much better then this TV
 I BOUGHT THE TV BECOUSE THE 5 STAR REVIEW , I WAS VERY LET DOWN WHEN I HOOKED THE TV UP FOR MY BEDROOM TV . FIRST THE REMOTE WAS VERY SMALL THE SIZE OF A CREDIT CARD , BUTTONS SMALL AND VERY CLOSE TO EACH OTHER . TV IS ABOUT 20 FEET FROM BED , REMOTE WOULD ONLY WORK ABOUT 6 FEET FROM TV , I TRIED TO BUY UNIVERSAL REMOTE TO SOLVE PROBLEM , TV DOSE NOT SUPPORT UNIVERSAL REMOTE CODES.PICTURE WAS VERY DARK EVEN WITH COLOR ADJUSTMENT ALL THE WAY UP.AFTER ALL THAT ONE SPEAKER DID NOT WORK . I HOPE IF YOU BUY THIS TV YOU HAVE BETTER LUCK THAN ME ! I ENDED UP BUYING A 20 INCH VIZON VERY HAPPY , NO PROBLEMS
 The packaging claims that this enclosure has aluminum housing . Indeed , it appears as though the top and bottom are aluminum , but the entire interior structure is plastic . The drive sits on plastic and makes no contact with any aluminum . There are no air holes for ventillation and there is no fan . You might as well put your drive in a toaster .
 I bought this from CompUSA for $ 20 on sale . For that price it does about what I wanted for it to use as a back-up drive . However , when its left in use the hard drive can become alarmingly hot . It hardly dissipates to the outside of the case at all . While the aluminum casing was only moderately hot I opened it to find that the hard drive was so hot it could n't be handled directly . The plastic lining inside prevents good heat dissipation . However it is small and sleak and I do n't leave it on all the time.At $ 45 though , there are far better and far cheaper enclosures . The only good thing I can really say about this is that it works fine without problems I 've heard with other enclosures . Still , its not worth it.In conclusion : BUY SOMETHING ELSE
 This enclosure works fine , but it gets really hot . There is no ventilation whatsoever . I always try to turn the thing off when not in use since I 'm worried about it shortening the life of my drive . Get another model that at least has ventilation if not a fan .
 Oh , and did I mention how loud it gets because of the vibration when you put it on a wooden desk ?
 Thankfully I read the reviews on Amazon about how big this unit was ... it 's huge ! The sound reception from radio seems fine -LRB- I live in big city though , so usually it 's easy to get radio stations -RRB- . One very big downside is that this machine is off-gassing a LOT . The smell is chemical / lacquer smell every time I turn it on and it warms up . It 's so bad that I have to leave the window open.I called the company and they said it should go away but to return it before 90-days is up in case it does not . Seems a bit tricky business to me ... but perhaps not . I 've had it for 2-weeks now and it still smells very , very strongly .
 KEYBOARD
 Functionally , I believe this tripod is usable . When I took the tripod out of the box it seemed used . There were markings on the legs and it seemed flemsy when I set it up . The winder also seemed very loose . Just not feelin ' this tripod . Sending it back today .
 The performance is anemic . It is very slow and takes 75 seconds to open a web browser or AOL . I called Toshiba and spent over an hour on hold.A Level 1 technician transferred me . Finally , a level 2 technician concluded that the computer was sold with too little memory to run Windows Vista , properly . He agreed to forward my case to Customer Relations in favor of providing me additional memory -LRB- it came with 512MB -RRB- . They never called back as promised . I called back the next day and requested customer relations and was on hold for over an hour again . The customer relations guy was an arrogant foreigner . Immediately , he was very argumentative , rude , aggressive and unsupportive . He told me that they would n't support the technician 's claim for free memory and said the technician was an outsourced representative and Toshiba did not need to honor his recommendation . He started to tell me that he did n't care about my situation and caught himself as he was completing his comment . He kept raising his voice and talking over me , loosing his cool.I tried to maintain professionalism , but , still argue my case that Toshiba sold an incompatible system ... `` either it should have came with more memory or it should have shipped with Windows XP . '' Toshiba sells a system , not two separate independent components . I told him I expected more from the Toshiba brand . He told me I bought an entry level machine and they did n't hide the memory requirements and that I did n't do my due diligence -LRB- he kept repeating himself over and over with an aggressive loud tone as his way to `` convince me '' -RRB- . He was an output device only , I had a difficult time getting him to listen.It was an awful experience . It changed my opinion of Toshiba 180 degrees . I had expected a lot more from them.Expect to pay another $ 139.49 + Shipping -LRB- Toshiba selling price -RRB- for a 1GB memory module . Expect a long que for customer service . All 6 or 7 folks I spoke to were located in India , Middle East or the Philippines.If you bought a $ 25,000 car and could n't go over 30 mph , would you be upset if you had to spend another 20 % -LRB- $ 5,000 -RRB- for a module to make it go a normal speed ? It is easy to blame Microsoft Vista , but , Toshiba is responsible for the system they sell .
 This computer was purchased in 2007 for my mom 's 75th birthday . She almost never used it . Our family used it `` very little '' . She died in February of 09 and I inherited it . I used it `` lightly '' from March until early September and it just died . Called customer service and they determined that it needed a new system board . This would cost about $ 250.00 plus repair costs because it was n't under warranty . It would be cheaper to purchase a refurbished laptop . Really sad and gives me a very bad impression of Toshiba . I actually purchased a DVD player of theirs and it died in a couple of months . It was under warranty so I sent it back and got a new one . Again died in a couple of months . I 'll pretty much stay away from Toshiba from now on .
 I did n't get this through Amazon , but this might still be useful if you 're looking for a notebook . I did get its twinToshiba Satellite A135-S4527 15.4 '' Notebook PC -LRB- Intel Pentium Dual Core Processor T2080 , 1 GB RAM , 120 GB Hard Drive , SuperMulti DVD Drive , Vista Premium -RRB- through Amazon and CompUSA -LRB- RIP -RRB- and that has been a better experience.If you 've done your research you 'll know additional RAM is a must , and complaining that it feels slow with 512 MB is like saying a car is n't cornering right with 13 inch wheels ; now you know why it costs so little - so do get that extra RAM , which right now costs about 30 bucks for an additional 1 GB and is easy to install . This applies to 90 % of all notebooks , particularly the cheaper ones , even Apple 's -LRB- yes , Macs are PCs unless you 've been brainwashed -RRB- . With an additional 1 GB this computer was a good deal for around 600 bucks and it worked as well as any computer with Vista can for about a year ; then one single major problem plus the normal vicissitudes of anything made by Microsoft have taken the experience to new lows.The problem is that all 4 USB ports suddenly stopped working , and nothing has been able to solve that - not reinstalling the video drivers , not reinstalling Vista from scratch , not fiddling with and updating the BIOS , not even installing Ubuntu Linux ; Toshiba 's site and software updates are pathetic and their customer service nonexistent ; and other manufacturers are at the same level or even lower - HPs are a major no-no , Dells are generic , Sonys have a better hardware record but at unreasonable premiums.Interestingly enough everything else is working as it should so I got a PCMCIA -LRB- carbus -RRB- Adaptec card with an additional 2 USB ports like this oneAdaptec USB2CONNECT for Notebooks 1420V . The Adaptec USB 2.0 2-PORT 1420V Kit Prand can now connect a USB hub and from there a mouse , a keyboard and an external sound card ; it 's still unreliable as from time to time the mouse and keyboard start stuttering , so I 'm stuck with a crippled computer . I suspect the culprits are the BIOS and the Ati Chipset , as its twin has an Intel chipset and has suffered none of these problems -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . Would a more expensive computer have proven more reliable ? Not unless it has the reputation of a Lenovo Thinkpad - and even then you 're still stuck with an unreliable operating system by Microsoft.Here 's what to expect from Vista
 I 've owned 3 of these . Every motherboard has failed . 5 total returns . Check eBay for `` a135 '' and you will see > 100 with `` AS-IS '' or `` dead '' or `` bad motherboard '' . Motherboards are prone to overheating and southbridge chip failure , on-board capacitor failure , USB ports all go out.The laptop run BURNING hot ... and kills the motherboard .
 I do n't expect this laptop to make it to a year.My USB Ports started to not recognize my devices . I thought it was a driver problem at first but I 've tried every windows based fix I could with no results . It never has the correct time . Ihave to reset it at least once a week . It freezes or the CPU stops processing randomly . Vista is a slow system to have on this laptop . The hardware is faulty . I 'm boycotting Toshiba 's laptops . Pfft .
 Update , rating dropped three stars . This laptop is now a doorstop . It overheated due to the large CPU and poor ventilation , and fried . It 's now practically worthless , but it 's just a dual core who would want one ? It 's , not a core 2 duo , which is a different thing . The dual core is a 32-bit CPU and the core2duo is 64-bit . My main desktop PC now is a Phenom2-x6 and it is zippy . Anyhow , look on , this laptop is too much of a heartbreak . Get an refurbished iPad if you want something more useful.IF you search google for `` Toshiba Sucks '' you will find my video about problems with Vista on this laptop . Toshiba does not offer anything out of Vista support -LRB- which was the reason for the video , the hardware is excellent even though -RRB- for this laptop , although you might be able to obtain XP drivers for it , I had some sort of periodic stall in feedback with the laptop in XP which meant there was some hardware that was n't getting serviced properly.I ended up switching to Ubuntu Linux , and I 've had a much better experience . I watch video podcasts on the laptop , I 've run a webserver on it , I 've installed a SSH daemon to permit me to do web development on it from another machine because I find it hard to develop on the `` TV '' now . . In fact now I 'm looking how to enable the second VGA port for a dual head display , if that is even possible . I download mp3 's from Amazon , I 've got Windows MAME running in Wine . . I download videos from my digital camera , play them back and convert to OGG format with Oggconvert and upload to youtube . I 'd say about 40 of the videos I uploaded to my youtube account were directly uploaded from this laptop.Things I do n't like about the laptop :1 . Built-in Wireless is not very strong , I ended up buying a Dynex PCMCIA card to augment the the signal to my router -LRB- about 100ft away , not typical -RRB- .2 . Keyboard is short , Tab key is the size of a normal key and the capslock is a bit bigger , so you have to be cognizant of where the pinky finger is hitting .3 . Core Duo processor is a dual core , but it is not 64-bit as the Core 2 Duo and Pentium D 's . . So if you have Vista , it 's the sucky 32-bit cousin , not the rewritten 64-bit version of Vista .4 . One PCMCIA slot , not two like a thinkpad would have .5 . Touch pad a little hard to get used to from a velocity sensitive nub , I 'm a thinkpad user too .6 . Two button support on the pad , not third button . . If you use blender 3D , you will miss that third button .7 . Power button is on the keyboard , which should probably be on sides , to avoid accidental hit .8 . There is the 512MB pre-installed problem , if you are running Vista , but Ubuntu does n't have any memory problems at 512MB . . My memory is currently at well 519MB utilization , but I 'm running firefox and Miro and a apache web server , so . . Xubuntu and Puppy Linux can work in less than 128MB of space , and I believe this laptop will boot from a USB device , have n't tried it .9 . Glossy Screen supposedly reduces glare , but you can see yourself when it is pitch-black . . Unless you are a narcissistic , this is not good feature , next time I 'm getting a diffused matte screen.Things I like : DVD-R , yes DVD-R it will burn DVD 's , fairly easy to install Linux alternatives , Vista was not hard to deinstall . 4 USB 2.0 ports , Ethernet and Wireless , Ubuntu recognizes both on startup , and gives me the option to either use the dynex and internal and shows the levels of connectivity for both wireless connections on a drop-down as well as choice of encryption level for connection.Perfect dimension for watching 16:9 movies and HD content . Volume dial on the front of the laptop , makes it easy to adjust the volume . Ubuntu almost supports this dial , Gutsy Gibbon -LRB- 7.10 -RRB- supported the front dial , but did not distinguish the speakers , however Hardy will , if you have the headphones connected on startup , do n't ask me why . Ubuntu shows the speaker/volume when adjusting the dial , center-screen . Do n't know about hibernation since I leave the laptop always on.Best to get a laptop cooler , because this runs very hot . And if you run Ubuntu , rip the Vista sticker off and replace with a Ubuntu foil stick on . I downgraded to Ubuntu because Vista was a memory and resource hog , and could not configure filezilla and other software I use to do PHP programming.PS - I store videos from Miro like ABC , NBC and CBS video podcasts , as well as `` Stupid Videos '' on an external Seagate 0.5 Terrabyte , 80GB is not enough if you plan to watch video podcasts on this .
 When i bought my laptop it was my first time getting one -LRB- changing from desktop -RRB- i was unaware thinking if i stayed with a name brand it 'd be good , Wrong ! I chose this model and i payed around $ 850 so i was pleased . For a month or 2 . I have had nonstop Problems with the Motherboard burning out consistently and yes i have upgraded it more `` Each '' time i sent it back to Toshiba -LRB- there customer support totally lacking -RRB- to have the motherboard replaced . after the third time doing this . I was pressured to extend the warranty which i did n't do because i was already so tired of the machine by that point i could n't see doing that to myself . After it 's warranty expired i had to sent it in to a repair shop and have the motherboard replaced 3 more different times and i 've only had this computer a year and 3 months . so skip it , skip it please skip it and whatever you do do n't buy one with the name Toshiba on it
 I bought this laptop in March of 2007 . It worked great until last week -LRB- oddly enough only a few weeks after the warranty expired -RRB- . Started getting blue screen of death , a USB port stopped working . Took it in for service , got a loose RAM diagnosis . Had it back from the shop for 4 days before the computer froze and would never boot up again because the motherboard died . The laptop only lasted 12 months -LRB- about 2 yrs shy of expected lifespan for a laptop -RRB- . This is the second Toshiba that I had problems with . My 4 yr old Sony Viao is still going . I wo n't buy a Toshiba again .
 I purchased this computer about 7 months ago . Currently I 'm on my third mother board . The computer has been in and out of the shop roughly 9 weeks . Adding insult to injury I attempted to purchase extended warranty -LRB- since there are known problems -RRB- and Toshiba refuses to sell it because extended warranty is only available in the first 6 months of service . I have spent at least 20 hrs being bounced around Toshiba with no results . My case number is 1-854159549 in the event a person from Toshiba is reading this and wants to do something ... . Do n't BUY JUNK
 These laptops were never meant to run Vista , and it shows.There are numerous fora on the Internet that are filled with people who bought various Toshiba A135 models and then began tearing their hair out . Adding more ram makes little difference . What DOES make a huge difference is to rip out Vista and install XP!I bought two of the single-processor A135 models in May and threw in XPpro . What a difference ! Before , the units were mired in molasses ; afterwards , they are very fast and wonderfully fluid . Do n't expect to get any help from Toshiba , however . But if you use Google you will find various packages of drivers that make these machines perfectly functional in XP.So with a little bit of sleuthing I have two very quick laptops that cost me $ 400 each . Sweet .
 I can only support the prior review about the fact that toshiba should not sell such an outrageously badly configured laptop . Using this laptop feels like your life going into slow motion ! Purchasing this laptop was a very bad choice . it would be better to spend a little more and get a better configured laptop with more memory.startup takes forever , closing a window takes a minute -LRB- computer hangs during that time -RRB- and there is absolutely no feeling of the dual core processor . the computer I had in 1992 was able to start word faster than this machine can start it.i have a tecra laptop that is 3 years old and that performs much faster than this new one . to make a long story short , i gave it back and paid 15 % restocking fee ... rather than paying more for RAM , just buy a better laptop . battery life is very bad -LRB- below 2 hours -RRB- . overall a bad omen for toshiba ; first you sell badly configured products , and then nobody wants to buy your products anymore ... -LRB- marketing department at toshiba
 My camera is two months short of two years old and it is totaled . It has had regular power problems freezing up every couple pics . This problem started 1 year in just after the warranty ran out . I was told to remove batteries and card to `` Reboot '' it . That worked temporarly but now the camera does not work at all . It seemed reasonable -LSB- ... -RSB- I took two hours with HP Customer Care and they determined it is totaled . They offered a refurbished camera for -LSB- ... -RSB- but I 'm not sure I want to invest any more money in an HP Camera product .
 Anyone purchasing this item should understand that it was neither made , serviced or warranted by Samsonite . It was made by a licensee of the trademark , Photoco , a company which has since gone out of business . While it was a serviceable tripod , should anything befall the item , the only recourse for purchaser to pursue would be through the retailer from which bought . Samsonite will send you polite letters indicating they appreciate your brand loyalty and little else.The retail pricing of this item should not rise much above the $ 20.00 level and anything higher is egregiously overpriced .
 As an earlier review mentioned it is made by a company no longer in business , Photoco , and not Samsonite . I bought one new for $ 30 in 2006 . It lasted about 3 years . I do n't understand why Amazon does not drop the listing .
 I have tried two of these cards and both of them failed within a week . I am using a Nikon D100 and have good results other brands of memory cards . If you 're using this card in a professional setting do n't even try it ! I 've been burned twice with this brand .
 Bought one card 3 weeks ago and used it in a Canon A75 . Took over a thousand pictures . Everything looked fine until today when the camera showed a card error message . There were only 21 shots stored at the time . Had to re-format the card to make it usable again , but lost all stored shots . Who knows when it 'll do it again !
 First the good news . The sound quality is very good . Fit is poor and the stiff cord is in the way and annoying . Was disappointed in general . Definately NOT Studio Quality .
 They didnt fit my ears . sound is good , but if it doesnt fit my ear , then there is no point in using them.WACKNESS !
 I am returning these because they do n't cover my ears . They gap quite a bit at the bottom . They do the same to my husband . He did some review before buying these and was surprised as the poor quality . I could use them but I figured for the price , I should have something that works right .
 It sounds good , I 'll give you that . But the finishing is terrible . The cord that connects the ear parts unglues from the head part in a matter of days . It does not fit well , too . I thought that even a low-priced Behringer headphone would still be awesome . Guess I was wrong .
 Pretty disappointed with these . They sound a little worse than my Panasonic RP-HTX7s , but that 's not the worst part . The HPS5000 is * uncomfortable * , these things must be designed for kids , because they sure do n't fit my head , a problem I have n't run into with other headphones . The cans need to have a few more degrees of movement for them to fit properly , as it is the tops of the pads pinch the tops of my ears , and the bottom edges do n't even come into contact.Bottom line , I would n't recommend these to anyone else without at least test fitting a pair , and even then I 'd have reservations because other headphones do n't have this kind of fitment issue . Really wish I could return these things .
 I bought these to listen to music on my iPod , work computer , and to block out background noise.These headphones do sound very good . I have n't a lot of experience with completely closed type sets , but the bass response is reasonable without becoming muddy . The highs are clear and the mids are smooth . However , if you are a hard core bass-head , they are pretty easy to over-drive . I think the overall sound quality is very good for the price.The major caveat ? They are extremely uncomfortable to wear for any length of time . For some reason the manufacturer chose to omit a hinge that would enable the phones to pivot where they meet the headband . If you notice , their less expensive sets have this feature . This design choice results in difficulty adjusting the phones to lie flat against your ears . Once you do , the smallness of the cups cause discomfort where they touch your ears.It is hard to recommend these to anyone but those with the smallest of ears , despite the good sound quality.I am going to give the 2000 series with a pivoting hinge a shot , instead .
 GOOD SOUND , TERRIBLE FIT - for short review.GOOD
 Am not happy with the headphones , they do not feel good on the ears and the sound is not 100 % would not recomend these phones .
 I purchased this adapter mainly to supply my Sony MP3 compact disc player with power . I use it to listen to MP3 formatted audiobooks . The concept is wonderful , as this can be used with many devices , but I find that I have to hit my power button up to three times before the unit will acutally play . It will turn on and then power down . This is something that I have never experienced with any other adapter . I even made sure the switches for polarity and voltage were in the correct positions - they were . Thought that this was just something that I was experiencing while I was at work , but it happens at home also . Do n't get me wrong , it does ultimately work , but it takes a few stops and start to get it going . If you try too many times , it will start the book over , making me listen to a whole chapter over again as there is no function to listen page by page . Can be quite frustrating . Please comment if anyone is experiencing the same issues .
 Not pleased with his product . It says `` LARGE camera pouch '' but even a medium camera -LRB- Panasonic DMZ 18 -RRB- will not fit into it .
 I bought this because I thought it was a great deal but I found a couple of problems with this product . First , the cover for the clickwheel does not lie flat against the iPod becuase it is warped/distorted . This seems to be a common problem and not just a one-off defect . Furthermore there is no cutout in the top to access the hold switch , So I contacted the vendor to ask them about these problems and if they could do something about it . Their reply ? `` We do n't sell the clickwheel cover separately . '' I guess they 're clueless and were n't paying attention since the cover is SOWN INTO the case and is not removeable .
 The card reading ability of the device is worse than the rational customer might expect . The error rate I experienced was around 35 % . I had scanned 30 cards , wasting time correcting data , and then the program crashed . In OSX . I hardly ever see a program crash . But here 's the kicker
 This product does not work . Do not buy it . Everything about it is bad . Horrible user interface . Badly designed scanning unit . Unreliable OCR . Incomprehensible documentation . Software does n't even boot on Leopard unless you email tech support and ask for a patch . Do n't waste time on this . Instead , email Corex and ask them when their Cardscan product will be available for Mac .
 This product should be a textbook case-study for a product gone wrong . First , it did n't work . Fair enough ... my mistake . Secondly , I called their `` support '' in Florida , who had me download some useless link four times . Same result . Then , they stopped returning my calls.OK ... So , then I called BELGIUM , where this little piece of s. . t is actually made -LRB- had to get up at 6AM to do this , by the way , because of the time difference -RRB- . Some Belgian girl kept me on hold for about 45 minutes , before telling me that I really needed to talk to their office in Florida.I hope this company meets Carl Icahn real soon!PS
 No spec is given on the size of this bag . It is tiny , about the size of the palm of your hand . Much too small for my camera . Total waste of money .
 I ordered this camera case based on the description and the photos thinking that it was the same as the well worn case I currently owned . Something is terribly wrong with the photos and the description . This item number 803BK is for a SMALL camera bag that is very different than the pictures on the web site . I feel very cheated .
 Great product but it is not keeping up with its own promises . No dictionary updates in years , software is clunky and needs many improvements . I feel like the developers have already jumped ship years ago and are no longer interested in what they have sold . It is not a cheap program and once you have 100s of songs in their database you are kind of stuck . Beware !!!
 I downloaded the trial version of Masterwriter to see if it was worth the high price tag . For me , it was n't . Most of the writing tools -LRB- rhyming dictionary , recorder -RRB- I already have in other forms that I 'm happy with . The main thing I was interested in was the ability to organize my songs . I ran into a wall there . Masterwriter wo n't allow you to change the ` creation date ' of any song you add to its database -- songs are automatically and permanently associated with the date you put them into the software . For me , this made no sense . I did n't start writing the day I downloaded the software ; there were lots of songs I wrote years ago that I wanted to be able to organize too , and I could n't do that . So I deleted the trial version.I 'm on a Mac , so I tried some other software . There 's actually a cheap -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- program for Mac called Songwriter 's Companion that seemed to do almost everything Masterwriter does , but it would n't allow me to change the creation date either . But if you do n't care about the creation date thing , you might look into Songwriter 's Companion before you shell out the big bucks or Masterwriter.I finally ended up buying a simple database program called Tap Forms that is n't meant for songwriting but allows me to set a creation date and associate audio with a song -LRB- the other thing I wanted to do -- both Masterwriter and Songwriter 's Companion can do this too -RRB- . No rhyming dictionary or anything in Tap Forms , of course , but like I said , I was n't looking for that .
 I write music for a living and decided to give MasterWriter a shot a few months ago . I used it for about a week straight and decided that the old-fashioned way of using Mac Pages and an internet rhyming website/thesaurus was more efficient for me . MasterWriter is clunky -- the interface seems to have been designed from someone still stuck in the late 90s computer-wise . Often things do n't do what they 're supposed to on the first try , and the overall experience -LRB- believe me , I gave it a chance -RRB- left me regretting that I shelled out the money for it . It 's also quite slow at times.It 's too bad because the rhyming and thesaurus features could be truly fantastic and are better than what 's out there on the web because of how they 're hypothetically integrated -- it 's just the way that they 're implemented that leaves someone who 's used to the way modern programs work with a lot desire.They need to hire programmers who are hip to the modern age of computing and work flow .
 I love sonos but this listing appears to be for the ZP80 - an older sonos model and originally sold for $ 350 . The newer and smaller ZP90 is $ 350 and the newer ZP120 with integrated amplifier is $ 500 . Go elsewhere to get this awesome piece of kit .
 It slowed my download speed by half . Bought a XyZel ZyWALL USG 2.0 and I am very satisfied with it .
 Be careful ! Netgear is not telling people that there are 3 versions of the FVS318 -LRB- v1 , v2 and v3 -RRB- ! Version 3 has a better CPU and uses a different firmware -LRB- v3 .0 -RRB- . I feel cheated ! Because Netgear sells all the older FVS318 as though they are all the same ! Not the newest v3 model ! What a low life company somebody should sue them . If the Netgear FVS318 has a new cpu then give it a new model number ! But they do n't , so most of us are buying earlier out-of-date models ! Those of us who thought we were buying the latest model were being scammed and defrauded ! Shame on Netgear !
 So I actually upgraded to the Bytecc 350 after another enclosure failed . This one worked great for a good 4 months or so -LRB- although I must say the `` fashion led '' light is extremely annoying -RRB- . Then all of a sudden the enclosure started beeping at me and my PC no longer recognized the drive . I tested the HD -LRB- Seagate 80 GB -RRB- in a different PC and it 's working fine . Still no response from Bytecc customer service . I am done with external enclosures . I am going to go with a full external hard drive from Maxtor , at least they will respond to support requests !
 Have purchased this from Amazon in July 2005 . In the past couple of months we noticed that the batteries were getting depleted soon after being recharged . We tracked the problem to the charger becoming defective . Unfortunately , by the time we tracked down the problem , the charger was out of warranty by less than a month and Kodak would n't even discuss any reparations . Shamelessly , they suggested that I should just buy a new one from their store!I will never buy anything else from Kodak from now on .
 SORRY BUT I ONLY GAVE 2 STARS . I GOT EVERYTHING RIGHT B/4 OUR 9 DAY VACATION . SO DURING THAT TIME I COULD NOT RECHARGE . EVERY DAY I HAD TO PUT IN NEW BATTERIES ! I WISH THEY LASTEST ALOT LONGER
 I bought this a few months ago and it no longer works . At first it worked OK , then it would n't charge the batteries fully -- as some of the other reviews have found . Now it does n't work at all.Buyer beware .
 This is a truly great DVD player . The picture is superb , and it plays absolutely everything I can throw at it from any region with any format . Having a DVI output for this price with these features is amazing . It also looks like OPPO has responsive customer support , and keeps up with new firmware updates to handle new formats . I really wish I could give the player 5 stars , but it has three flaws ; one minor , one significant , and one fatal.Minor
 This Oppo player is a dissapointment . Currently I have a progressive scan player connected to my 26 '' Toshiba HDTV . The TV takes the 480P signal and upconverts it to 1080i for display . The advantage of the Oppo , in theory , is that it uses the best upconversion available -LRB- supposedly better than the processor in most TVs -RRB- and then delivers the result over a DVI -LRB- or HDMI -RRB- cable to keep the signal digitally pure . In theory I should get a better picture on my TV.In practice the Oppo suffers from a variety of problems :1 . The disc transport vibrates when reading the title and menu sections of several discs . These discs do not vibrate in my other DVD player . The vibration on the Oppo seems to go away when the movie is actually playing , but this does not speak well about the quality of the transport .2 . The dark areas of movie scenes -LRB- e.g. view of the stars in Star Wars -RRB- show big blocky pixels of a very dark purple color . This is a know problem of the video processor used on the Oppo . This is a degradation of picture quality compared to my other DVD player -LRB- Bose 123 GS II operating in progressive scan mode -RRB- .3 . The overall picture quality is little different than my other DVD player -LRB- aside from the blocky pixels in the dark areas -RRB- . A high quality DVD is very difficult to distinguish when played in the Oppo compared to a regular progressive scan DVD player.Also , the Oppo is slow to load discsthe on-screen menus are amateurish and uglythe Oppo does not remember where you are on a disc when you turn it offthe Oppo does n't have a menu button on the player , so if the remote is misplaced you ca n't navigateAnd remember , the upconversion only works on the DVI output . If you do n't have a DVI -LRB- or HDMI -RRB- input on your television then this player has little to offer compared to less expensive ones . And if you 're like me , your TV may do as good a job at upconversion as the Oppo . The tests of these players in online magazine reviews do not necessarily translate into a visual difference.This player is over-hyped .
 Produced great picture quality , but the remote is awful and the user interface is really , really bad . It upscales well and shows very little macroblocking for a Farouja chip machine , but I returned it in favor of the Sony offering .
 THE DVD PLAYER WORKS GREAT WHEN YOU HAVE FOUND THE TRICKS TO HAVE IT SET-UP
 I ended up emailing OPPO and they sent me a link to a website where I downloaded a firmware upgrade . The firmware upgrade needs to be written to a CD-R , then placed in the OPPO then follow the directions on the website link they will send you and the firmware upgrade is easy to complete . At some point AMAZON -LRB- and other places -RRB- will run out of the units that need the firmware upgrade ... but until then , you need to know that if you plan on playing DVD+R DL on your OPPO , more than likely you will need to do the firmware upgrade . Once you do , the unit does a very nice job of upconversion . Also , somebody earlier posted a message about DMI being outdated by HDMI . That 's rediculous . HDMI is simply DVI with audio added into the same cable . Which is nice , but its no big deal to run separate audio cables . If your hi-def set only accepts HDMI , then get a DVI to HDMI converter cable -LRB- readily available -RRB- but you will still need to run your audio cables separately . DVI is no impediment whatsoever.So - now that I did the firmware upgrade , I would update my rating to 4 stars ... but alas Amazon wo n't let me change that .
 I bought this when my 10-year old JVC player crapped out , and thought I could get one that would last another 10 and get me into the HDTV era . I returned it because the video controls did n't work -LRB- brightness / saturation / contrast -RRB- . There is also no control for tint -LRB- red/green -RRB- either , something my JVC had . I am baffled by that.It 's possible I did n't have video in the right mode for the controls to work but it was n't evident in the manual , which in my opinion was n't formatted very well -LRB- the remote display probably had a # 6 font for the button labels - not for us old guys , and you have to page back to the remote display and guess what the instructions are talking about -RRB- . But the fact that there is no tint control was enough for me to return it .
 I purchased the OPPO OPDV971H DVD player , connected it to my Panasonic high definition plasma set via the DVI connector , set the player to 720P , inserted a disc , but the player would NOT play the disc . I set it to 1080i , same result . The player would play the disc at 480i , but that 's not why I bought it.I returned it within four days and bought another up converting player that works fine , though it costs more.Would not recommend this player .
 The player showed up in used condition . It was sent back to Amazon from someone else . I never even plugged it in . Retured it the next day very disappointed . I have not ordered a replacement .
 ! WARNING TO PLASMA TV OWNERS ! There is a MAJOR issue that the picture has a black border around it , regardless of what resolution it outputs on DVI . Picture does not completely fill in screen . This issue is not minor -LRB- somebody wrote minor before -RRB- as IT WILL PERMANENTLY BURN IN THE SCREEN IF YOU HAVE A PLASMA TV . For this reason , I give it only 2 stars until they fix this problem through firmware upgrade . If they in fact can fix this , I would give it a 5 star rating . DO NOT BUY THIS NOW IF YOU OWN A PLASMA TV UNTIL THE BLACK BORDER ON DVI IS FIXED .
 After having this play for two days it decided not to eject a disk additionally it only shows a blue screen now much like Microsoft 's blue screen of death . The picture was great when it worked but that was not for long .
 Unit worked for 2 minutes and then froze . Unit keeps telling me there is no disc in the tray when there is . Oppo customer service told me to update the firmware -LRB- which the unit already had from the factory -RRB- , clean the tray and discs and unplug the unit for at least 15 minutes . Player still gives me a `` no disc '' error reading no matter what disc I insert . Amazon is sending another one . I hope this was an abberation and not indicative of the quality control .
 I wrote to Oppo before ordering to make sure that this player would support closed captioning . Oppo 's response , although it arrived within hours , was that due to `` an oversight '' , the player does n't support closed captioning.It 's a shame ; I 've seen good reviews of this DVD player.I will be purchasing from another manufacturer that does recognize that disabled customers have needs that need to be met , and that there is profit in catering to them . Shipping a device that does n't provide closed captions in this day and age is just unacceptable -- especially in a product that does have the ability to update its own firmware.Furthermore , I will also be letting others in the deaf and hard-of-hearing communities that I am part of know that Oppo does n't consider the needs of the disabled to be important in its product design , and will be recommending its competitors .
 I ordered this unit from Oppo . I was excited.The unit did n't show up . I checked the tracking number and the delivery time was 8 days - 6 business days from the order date!I called FedEx and got some mealy mouthed answers , that made me assume the package was lost.I contacted Oppo and got a very snarky response that fell short of calling me an idiot.The delivery date came and FedEx admitted they had no idea what had happened to the package.I wrote to Oppo and got again a snarky reply . To the effect that I 'd just have to wait.I called FedEx and told them that if the package should show up I would refuse it -LRB- Who would want an electronic device that had , suppossedly been on a truck for 9 days in 100 degree heat . -RRB- I wrote to Oppo about the fact that I would be refusing the package that still had no delivery date and asked for my credit card to be credited.From Oppo I got a terse response that when FedEx returned the unit to them intact they would credit me ONLY the price of the unit and I would have to eat the cost of shipping !! The assumption is that if the package is completely lost then I have to pay for the whole thing ! They assume no responsibility.If their customer service is this sarcastic and brutally nasty when I have paid for and not even received the unit I shudder to think what they would be like if there were a problem with the unit themselves.I bought a Sony NS-75H . I 'm very happy with it .
 I had purchased a Samsung 46 '' DLP television in mid december . I chose the OPPO to play on it and it did not work like I had hoped . Essentially , areas of flat colors , specifically dark flats , became heavily pixilated . I am not sure if my particular player was defective or if it was a problem with the DVI/HDMI interface . Ultimately , I purchased a Sony hooked up with component cables and it works pretty well . Also , I am not sure if this particular to my television set but the HDMI hook-up always leaves colors seeming a bit washed out .
 We purchased this unit to upgrade from our Toshiba SD-3900 , viewing on a Hitachi 57F500 widescreen HD CRT television . Right out of the box we had problems -- no signal through the manufacturer-provided DVI cable . After buying a $ 100 Monster DVI cable we got our picture , only to find that when compared to our progressive scan Toshiba some DVD 's looked only very marginally better , while some looked very marginally worse . We upgraded the firmware but this made no qualitative difference . With one recent film we happened to have two discs and were able to play them simultaneously on different video inputs and make a very apples-to-apples immediate comparison . We 've always been happy with our Toshiba but with the true HD-DVD format wars going on we hoped to get more out of our existing library of DVDs . We were n't expecting true high definition comparable to HD cable broadcasts , but based on other reviews we were expecting an obvious improvement . In retrospect we realize our Toshiba is a pretty good machine on its own . And we 're $ 300 richer again since we returned the Oppo and the Monster cable . If you have a cheap DVD player this might make a good upgrade since it 's reasonably priced , but if you already have a good DVD player do n't expect too much improvement .
 After 5 years owning this player and a $ 20 walmart model this is what I found :1 . THe player was able to play 2 of thousands of Netflix , home , and other DVDs that the walmart special could n't play .2 . The walmart special remembered where DVDs left off , while the OPPO did n't . -LRB- This was good or bad depending . -RRB- 3 . Sometimes the OPPO would hang and take several seconds to respond to commands -LRB- play , pause , etc -RRB- The walmart special did n't have this problem3 . Not a huge difference in picture or sound performance .4 . Walmart special was under $ 20 . The OPPO was $ 200.5 . There is no manual eject on the OPPO that I could find or google but an obvious one on the walmart special.After 5yrs there just was n't much for the extra $ 180 . Actually , # 2 , # 3 both came up 100 times or more while # 1 came up twice in 2 years . What is sad from an experience usage the walmart special was much more usable and reliable . In fact the walmart special is still working but due to # 5 the OPPO is dead.As products go this reminds me of the hype around JAVA verses PERL or WINDOWS verses LINUX . Sure ti can work but there is no really good argument for the general consumer of why it should be 10x the cost .
 I owned this Player for 4years and all along misled into thinking I had something better than sliced bread . Was I wrong!First , the Macro blocking issue , the display displays blacks horrendously . All other colors are good , but the blacks and the smudging is way too irritating . All along I thought it was my plasma TV that was the problem . Now , ater switching to a Denon 1940CI which by the way also uses the same Faroudja processing . . I dont see the Macro blocking issue anymore and the audio is much better than the Oppo 's . I would give the Denon 1940CI 5 stars and the Oppo 971H 1 star . The Oppo is all hype and hot air
 I purchased this item based on the reviews from this site as well as the others I found on the web . I have to say that I was very disappointed with this unit and sent back to amazon . My existing dvd player is a Sony GX330 hooked up throught component video cables and the oppo used a monster cable dvi/hdmi cable . I ran 3 videos through both players and trying all the video formats for the oppo and hands down , the sony was clearly better.It may have been that this was a bad unit but after using the unit ; I will wait for a HD-DVD player when there are more to choose from .
 This was an excellent player during its abbreviated lifespan of 11 months . Now it refuses to load any DVD or CD . Customer service 's response is to `` unplug for 15 minutes , shake gently -LRB- I 'm not kidding -RRB- and power up '' . After power up I was instructed to insert a CD containing an ISO image of a newer version of firmware ; unfortunately that disc does n't load either . So I am stuck with a low-profile inferior bookend that used to be an excellent DVD player . You decide -- is a near High def DVD player that works for 11 months worth $ 200 ? As an engineer , I 'm voting with my pocketbook and saying `` no '' . UPDATE
 This review is for the HD detail-geek that wants to get the best possible picture from their current DVD 's ... I did my research and the Oppo 971 seemed like the DVD player to buy to match my 1080p display
 I bought an OPDV971H for the holidays but it did n't work
 It appeared to be a good player however it started malfunctioning after 1 year and by the end of the second year no longer worked .
 case is too small looks bigger on web , I returned the product .
 I just purchased an expensive lens for my Canon 40D and , as always , the 1st thing I did was buy a UV filter for protection . After several days with the lens I was seriously considering taking it in for repair because I could not get a clear , in focus shot . This morning I realized that I had not tried the lens without this filter , I removed it and BINGO !! the lens is living up to its price ! Like I said , I always use UV filters for protection on my lenses but from now on I 'll buy a premium grade filter , not an inexpensive one ! Do yourself a favor , it 's worth a few extra dollars to get a better filter than this one .
 I bought this filter directly from Amazon.com and I received a damaged item.Big crack in the filter container and scratch on the filter surface due to very poor packaging , Amazon sent it in soft envelope instead of box as you can see from uploaded picture.Filter is made in CHINA and poor QC as I can see some imperfection on glass itself -LRB- not scratch -RRB- . I will definitely return this damaged item .
 Bought for daghter . 3 months later DVD player does n't work . Phillips service center is terrible !
 I baught this a couple of months ago , and after playingwell once , it stopped playing completely . Despite repeatedattempts , it would not turn on at all , though its red lightswould come on.I think that if one were to buy an inexpensive electronicitem , it is perhaps better to buy it from a store , this wayit would be easier to take it back to the store , rather thanmailing it back .
 First , it appeared a remote not to work . I drived back to the shop and changed it . If you think that it is the end of story you are wrong . The remote function still did not work . But I checked the remote at the shop and it worked ! So , I drived back again having the whole DVD set with me . Shopmen did not look too happy but they changed the whole DVD-player . Do you think it is the end of story ? No , you are wrong ! I enjoyed DVD just a week then it stop reading DVD disks .
 This DVD player is a piece of junk . It works maybe 50 % of the time . You can sometimes spend 5 minutes opening/closing the tray before it 'll accept the disk . It was also recommended as multi-region by some users . Well , it wo n't play any of my region 2 disks . I 've tried all the hacks found online but nothing seems to work . I figure that there 's probably a couple of different releases of this unit on the market with different firmware versions , one of which will allow multi-region . I just replaced it with a Philips DVP1013 which worked first time -LRB- after inputting the region hack -RRB- . I will never buy anything from Coby again . I only give it 1 star because Amazon wo n't let me choose zero .
 Sitting here trying to replace this piece of garbage , which was cheap -- but started playing DVDs on odd tracks that we had n't selected -- I wonder why I paid as little as I paid . Do n't waste your money on this . As cheap as it is , it is n't worth that .
 This is lightweight , which is good . It plays most -LRB- not all -RRB- of the CD/DVD types that it claims to , and does a pretty good job with them , with occasional skipping issues ... But the remote control is the WORST . You have to press the keys incredibly hard to get them to work at all , and if you 're not within three feet of the device you have to press the keys more than once.I would avoid this , unless you already have a programmable remote control . If so , throw away the remote that comes with it and use your own . You 'll spare yourself strained fingers and muttered curses .
 I received my DVD player in only three days and was very excited . But when I opened the box I saw that the unit had a large red and gold sticker on the top of it . It was a troubleshooting guide . The only problem was that it was attached to my player with a permanent type glue . I could n't remove the eyesore , and eventually ended up scratching the unit as I scrubbed away with a sponge and butterknife -LRB- fingernails did n't work , by the way . -RRB- After about 30 frustrating minutes , I decided that , for $ 45 , I would n't even try to send it back to the seller . I just tossed it and went to the store , where I got a nice Sony for $ 75 . This was such a weird , stupid incident - I 'll never but Coby again as long as I live . They essentially sold me a STICKER for $ 45 !!!
 I was thrilled to find this little beauty . Everything I was looking for in a DVD player and at an unbeatable price to boot . I ordered two . They worked great ... for about a month . After a month 's usage , one started to lock up and not work very well . Over the next couple of weeks it got progressively worse until it finally died altogether . The second player lasted slightly longer , about 3 months . I should have listened to the reviewers . Hopefully you 'll listen to me .
 Do not get this DVD Player . It 's been only 4 months and this player is now completely dead . I 've used it a dozen times over the past few months . Also , it has the worst remote I 've seen on any electronic device ever.It 's junk . Spend extra cash and get a real dvd player .
 I bought this to play PAL format discs on - and I did play one disc , precisely once - and then the player had a meltdown & stopped working completely . I unplugged it for 3 hours like the manual said & restarted it after plugging it back in - still nothing - long loading time with a ` wrong disc ' message . I tried other NTSC discs from my collection that were working in my other model , same problem . This is very frustrating for a player i 've had for less than five days ! It is currently ` iffy ' on the discs it WILL play -LRB- one of them is brand new , right out of the shrinkwrapped box - in pristine condition & it will not read it - but my other model dvd player will ! -RRB- so i 'm going to spend a few more dollars and get a reliable player - this model is JUNK . You may save money initially - but when you 're spending hours trying to figure out what 's wrong with a brand new player , trust me , it 's not worth saving any amount . Get a Toshiba or a Panasonic - they 've been around longer & are consistently rated highly by consumer reports ... next time i 'll check ratings FIRST and avoid the hassle !
 Do not waste your time buying this DVD player !!! I am serious !!! I 've had this thing for couple of months and now it just wont work . I guess you get what you pay for !!! The screen is jumping up and down and there is no more color . I have tried everything and it still doesnt work !!! What a piece of junk and waste of money !!! Do not waste your money on Coby products !!! They seem promising at first but then couple months later doesnt even work !!! ... Dont even think twice about this product !!!
 I brought this thing because I only needed something cheap for the bedroom . It worked alright , albeit with little usage , for about a month then quit working . I called the company and they told me to send it to them -LRB- I pay for postage -RRB- and for a twelve-dollar-and-something return fee they would fix or replace it . I then phoned Amazon and they were nice enough to waive the 30 day return policy and send me another one . It came in a couple of days but this one only worked for a little over a week . I was so angry with it that this time I threw it in the garbage , which is where it belonged in the first place , and went to Target and bought a Memorex . So far so good with the Memorex . I 'm keeping my fingers crossed though .
 The flexbility of formats made this seem like a great gift for my mother overseas . However it is cheaply constructed and stopped reading disks after 3 or 4 successful uses . A friend who 's a digital video expert looked over the unit and told us it 's not worth repairing . Due to the delay from purchase to use , the warranty was already void , so my mother opted to buy a different device locally instead .
 It freezes up in the middle of the movie , and the remote does n't work even though I changed the batteries . It 's very frustrating , and I have contacted Coby support even though I 've found that DVD-514 has been discontinued . I 'm not sure they will reply on a discontinued product .
 I bought this unit for Xmas , for my brother-in-law . After only 2 months of use , it died - I mean dead , no power , nothing . Do n't buy this , spend a little more and get a more reliable brand name !
 This thing actual scratches my DVDs ! I have to hit it to make it unfreeze -LRB- which my toddler thinks is funny , but I do n't -RRB- . It 's getting worse all the time ! I 've been toughing it out because it was a present and plays VCDs . -LRB- and I 'm poor -RRB- I 'm tired of it . This thing is actually an expense the way it damages DVDs !
 Unfortunately this product does n't even deserve 1 star . Straight out of the box it does NOT work . It just says ` Loading ' for forever and never actually loads the DVD . I tried buying a cleaning DVD but that did not work . Will never buy Coby product again - cheap crap.I was given this as a gift and they do n't have the receipt . Coby said they could do nothing since no receipt , even though it was brand new straight out of the box . Now it 's unfortunately going straight to the landfill . Shame on you Coby .
 I bought this device as my first DVD player , used to work fine . Then i bought a Sony Home Theater and left this as my CD/MP3 player -LRB- music only -RRB- but it only plays some CD-R disks , i dont know if there is a special way to burn the disk in order the COBY can play it.If you are looking only to play movies , this will do it . If you plans to use it as a multi format player , you better spend a little more and buy at least a Phillips
 1 . Does not work with Universal Remote .2 . You have to quickly double-click the buttons on the remote for any response . Response is still slow . Some of the remote control layouts are counterintuitive .3 . If I had paid retail I would have asked for my money back , but I paid $ 24 new in a bargain bin ; it 's OK as a seconday DVD , got what I paid for .
 I may have been the one in a thousand buyers , but I had to return this item after getting about 10 minutes of normal Play operation and then it froze up . After I tried all the trouble-shooting procedures in the Owner 's Manual , all I could get was a very long `` Loading '' message followed by a `` Wrong Disk '' message . I then tried five different DVDs that I knew were working O.K. on my other DVD player with the same results . Thank goodness that I ordered this product through Amazon.com and was able to return it for a full refund/no postagecharge . All I lost was two hours of fruitless trouble-shooting time !
 The previous reviewer wrote ... I may have been the one in a thousand buyers , but I had to return this item after getting about 10 minutes of normal Play operation and then it froze up . After I tried all the trouble-shooting procedures in the Owner 's Manual , all I could get was a very long `` Loading '' message followed by a `` Wrong Disk '' message . I then tried five different DVDs that I knew were working O.K. on my other DVD player with the same results . Thank goodness that I ordered this product through Amazon.com and was able to return it for a full refund/no postagecharge . All I lost was two hours of fruitless trouble-shooting time!Well , he/she is not the only one . Mine does the same thing now . I was getting ready to play a DVD when it just froze up with the same problems described above . This person was lucky cuz he was able to return it for a full refund . I did not order it off Amazon . I got it on Sale through a Sav-On Drugs Store so I 'm stuck with a dead DVD player . I paid I think $ 30 bucks for it so you know how that saying goes ... You get what you paid for . This is junk . Do n't be cheap and just shell out the extra bucks for a Sony , Panasonic , or other name brand DVD Player .
 I received this DVD player for a Christmas gift . I used it 5 times and it has not worked since . Between my Mother and I -LRB- she is the one that gave it to me -RRB- we could n't find the receipt to return it . I called the place she purchased it and they would have returned it but no longer had any in stock . The manager made it very clear that alot of them had been returned for the same exact issue-reading disk error . So here I sit with this DVD player that does n't work at all and yet it is just like new . I thought Coby was a decent brand but I guess not .
 I purchased it with the hopes of playing some recorded DVDs , picture DVD 's , and just plain old regular DVD 's . I had troubles with all , but oddly even the Regular store bought DVD would pause , skip , and delay . I spoke to a `` guru '' and he said that sometimes with the `` less expensive '' DVD players , the lense or eye is n't very steady or good quality and can cause that problem . With the less expensive , you do n't have quite the consistancy - some work fine and others are junk . A little Russian Roulette . Anyway , I returned it and ended up purchasing a slightly more expensive model .
 The pictue is really great , but after about 2 months the bass speaker -LSB- fails -RSB- and all you get is total vibration from the bass speaker . This is the 2nd one I 've owned . The first one had a bad bass speaker right out of the box . I will never buy another Phillips product ever again !! I had big expectations for the Phillips TV , but they were quickly dissolved .
 We got this TV for Christmas , but regretting it already.Well , in all fairness , the picture quality is quite good , comparable to a Sony . However it has this annoying buzzing sound from the back of the TV tube . Well if you turn the volume loud enough it drowns it away , but I have a baby in my room and often have to turn down the volume , thus the buzzing sound is louder then the audio . Think twice before purchasing !
 Unless you are into vertical white lines , this television may not do anything for you . The sound was fine , without buzzing for what it 's worth . But we were disappointed on Christmas night when all we had was a vertical white line . I guess that 's what you get for not buying a Sony .
 When I recieved this product , It was in good condition but broke 5 months later . Besides that , It was extremely ugly . I ou are going to spend this much on this bad of a tv , please get a different one.None of this was Target 's fault .
 I bought a Akai LCD TV 3 months ago . It is dead now . No sound and no picture . Their customer service was terrible , also . I will not ever buy this brand any more .
 It seemed like a good deal at at first . 4 months in the motherboard fried . I took it to a Sony repair shop and at first they said the motherboards were back ordered for 6-8 weeks . I told them that was unreasonable and eventually they scrounged one up from someplace.The big problems came when I tried to install a better video card . The 9200 is n't much good for games . I found out the power supply is n't beefy enough for any decent video card . Worse , it has a proprietary form factor so it ca n't be upgraded without replacing the case.Before I upgraded I decided to backup the system . When I tried to run the VAIO Recovery Wizard it told me it would n't start because it was n't running on a VAIO computer . Sony tech support kept telling me to try different things , but none of them helped . Their support folks have no knowledge about their products . They seem to be searching the knowledge base for words mentioned in a call or e-mail and send you to a web page.After 4 days of that they eventually told me it was impossible to create a recovery disk for my PC and I 'd have to buy one for $ 30 . I told them that was unreasonable and they said tough . The software is n't warranteed past 30 days.So now I have a Sony motherboard with the original hard drive and DVD drives mounted in a standard ATX case with a standard ATX power supply and a GeForce 6600GT AGP video card . If Windows craps out I 'll have to buy a recovery disk or another copy of Windows . I would have been better off building my own PC from the start.I will never buy a PC from Sony again .
 Warning Sony Computers are TIME BOMBs ready to go off when you need them most . Change the configuration of your computer , add a bigger hard drive or try to repartition it , and your recover disks wo n't work . What this means is you will have to buy the operating system twice . And if you want to repair the operating system software , you will need to buy a full version of MS XP or Vista -- over $ 300 . Of you will be forced to wipe your hard drive if you use an OEM copy of this software . The net effect is SONY makes you pay for the OS twice.You may think , oh , no problem I wo n't install a bigger hard drive . Well SONY slices up the space on your systems hard drive , putting the OS on the smaller slice -- you will run out of space.Can you say Bend Over ? If you want to be raped . Buy a SONY . And do n't buy any computer with a unaltered copy of the operating system that will repair your OS instead of wiping your hard drive in a full install.TO SONY
 This TV right out of the box , did not impress me . The whites are too white and the balcks are too black . It is very difficult to adjust the TV for a happy medium . Flesh tones are also very hard to dial in . I am going to return it .
 My family bought this tv about a month ago . we hated it right from the get go , but gave it about 20 days to re-adjust . Nothing . The picture colors are oughful . The darker colors -LRB- almost all -RRB- blend in ; a person standing next to a wall is blended in . Its like its one things . I have tried to re-adjust all the setting , nothing . I returned the Tv to bestbuy , where I baught it . Istead of this I purchased a 32 '' FLAT SCREEN JVC , which had even more features , and the price difference probably was about 50-80 bucs . The new Tv is 100x better . No blending or anything like that . JVC makes quality TV 's . This now is my 2nd JVC Tv , my old one lasted almost 7 years . I could have repaired my old one but , wanted a change to `` new '' better technology , which I did not get from The Panasonic TV . I will answer any of your questions at COuntamd@yahoo.com . Did anyone else happen to come across this problem ? I 've seen the same quality picture on these TV 's in stores
 I bought it -LRB- on 12/26/03 -RRB- and regret it ... same day ... the front input from camera did not work none of them ... input -LRB- other devices -RRB- in the back did not work ... only output to devices worked and input from antena and to tv old style cable worked ... my intention was to copy to dvd and get rid of vhs of tapes ... taping from tv only kind of useless vcr does just as well 10 Xcheaper ... Willing to try the Panasonic DMR-E80H Progressive-Scan DVD Player/Recorder with Hard Drive -LRB- 80 gig -RRB- -LRB- Silver -RRB-
 I purchased this unit in December at WalMart . Of course , the price -LRB- $ 369 -RRB- was attractive . However , by now I can only record from the AV inputs after burning a little piece from the TV input , so that the 630 will get in gear , and then changing inputs to the AV and burning what I really want . Otherwise the unit will commence to burn and shut down after about 1 minute.If I try to burn with NoName discs -LRB- that are working just fine on my Pioneer 106 -RRB- it will not go at all . = Useless
 Upon seeing the advertisment for this player that promised `` Eternal Happiness awaits '' I rushed out and bought it Because I could use me some of that . So , not only did I not get eternal happiness , but this thing could n't even make yogurt -LRB- which if we all remember what the Dalai Lama said Yogurt = Eternal Happiness -RRB- . So , I guess the recorder worked fine , but since I did n't have any yogurt what the heck was I supposed record myself eating ? Well at least good ol' reliable cottage cheese will be there for me .
 I recently purchased this model from a local retailer , and while the unit works in its own universe , it is far from desirable as far as the BIG picture goes.This machine will record + RW discs , but they will NOT play in most + RW capable settop players ! Why does n't the product description EVER address this issue ?! Just because it records on a + RW -LRB- or whatever -RRB- type of disc , does NOT mean that other players will play it ! ... And what did Magnavox have to say about it ?? After a lengthy conversation with tech support and additional call-back from their DVD Recorder specialist , all I got was `` I 'm sorry , we can not help you any further with this issue . `` AVOID THIS MACHINE !
 I initially bought this machine to back up my VHS tapes onto DVD , but I 've found out -LRB- the hard way -RRB- that this machine does not have timebase correction . Meaning , if you record an old tape that has small , almost unnoticeable , split-second `` jumps '' in it , the signal will either be lost , or there will be a sound dropout where the `` jump '' is . Thus , I have had to transfer them from VHS to DV , then from DV to DVD , to get the kind of quality I was hoping for.Also , on some discs I recorded on , the machine shut off after a few minutes . This only happened when I pushed the record button a certain number of times to make it record a certain length . When I tried to play them again it said `` disc contains unknown data - press OK to eject . '' Sheesh ! -LRB- At least the discs I used were less than $ 1 each . -RRB- For the reasons above , once I get the chance , I am selling this machine . Once I have done that , I 'll use the money to invest in a Panasonic DMR-E80H ... now THAT 's a model that has enough good reviews -LRB- esp . on Amazon -RRB- to convince me of its brilliance .
 My experience with this boombox was horrible . I bought it , it worked fine for the first 4 days , then the cd player got messed up . It would n't load my cds , instead , the cds would spin out of control in the player . This boombox is not recommended .
 I purchase this product to replace an an older , now broken radio/CD player . I found it to be fairly flimsy , and it does not have digital tuning , which was not made clear in the product description .
 Plays okay for occasional listening , but will start making a knocking noise above a low vclume or after about 45 minutes of listening .
 It 's good for the size and AM/FM radio use only.After 1 week the CD player started acting up . No it only plays certain CD 's but when it does , the suons is VERY distorted . This is the second CD player I have purchased for my office that has done the same thing -LRB- two different brands -RRB- . It 's hard to find a good , small CD player .
 Like some of the other reviews I also have had the problem of the loud POP sounds and loss of audio after 2 years of ownership . I have been told that it is the capacitors going bad on the board inside the bass module . Because all of the components run from this board - if the board goes bad your sunk . I am currently trying to get it fixed . The system sounded great for 2 years and I was very happy with it , but in the long run you get what you pay for . Cheap system , short lifespan .
 I CAN NOT BELIEVE PANASONICS ENGINEERS ALLOWED THIS ITEM TO BEPRODUCED AND PLACED ON THE MARKET . THE SOUND IS EXCELLENT HOWEVERTHE MECHANICAL FUNCTIONS SPELL DISASTER . I FOUND THIS UNIT TO BE SUBSTANDARD . AFTER JUST SIX MONTHS OF VERY LOW USAGE THE UNIT BLINKS ON AND OFF AND THEN SHUTS DOWN . RE-PLUGGING THE ELECTRIC CORD BRINGS IT BACK TO LIFE FOR A FEW MINUTES THEN IT DOWN AGAIN.THE EXTREMELY HIGH NUMBER OF UNITS THAT I SEE FORSALE ARE ADVERTIED AS RE-FURBISHED THEREFORE I AM NOT THE ONLY ONE CALLING THIS PRODUCT AN EXTREME FAILURE .
 Customer Service - the Panasonic website claims this is very important to them . I had my home theater only 3-4 months when a VCR tape got stuck . I has now been at the service center for almost 4 months ! When I am lucky enough to get a response from Panasonic -LRB- which is rare -RRB- , they make promises of completion and/or replacement . But promises wo n't play the DVD 's my family would have liked to watch together over the holidays . When we finally got through to the customer service center on the phone , they had the nerve to hand up on us twice . IF YOU WANT A COMPANY TO STAND BEHIND THEIR PRODUCTS - STAY AWAY FROM PANASONIC !!! I have truly given up hope of even getting my home theater back from the Panasonic service center .
 I was really happy with this unit for the first year . Then it started making strange noises , once in a while . Now , 6 months later , once in a while is every 10 minutes . It lets out very loud POPS , an ear splitting squeal , and then the audio goes off completely . Shutting and restarting resets the audio , then it does it all over again . An internet search has shown me that many people have had this problem and it 's not only this model , it 's other Panasonics as well . Panasonic has done nothing to fix them . Do n't waste your money . It may sound great out of the box , but right after the warranty wears off , it 's disposable .
 I ordered the SCHT 700 last August and was initially pleased with my purchase . I have since learned quite a bit about home audio and realize that I made a mistake in purchasing this unit . To begin with , the overall design is terrible . To incorporate some of the hardware in the subwoofer is neat , but a poor engineering choice . I had a problem with hum bars crawling up my screen with this unit -LRB- funny how no bars with my other dvd player . even tried moving the unit to another tv on another outlet and turned off all interfering electronics to no avail -RRB- I complained to Panasonic and they sent me a generic email back saying I should take it 120 miles away to an authorized repair center . In addition , the video quality was n't great and the lack of a digital input made the unit `` futureless . '' In the end I decided to just stick the poorly performing unit on my 19 inch tv and spend more money to get worthwhile equipment . I would not recommend purchasing this unit unless you are simply more marveled by having 5.1 channel sound than you are by a true surround sound experience . If you 're on a budget , my advice is to save up and spend more because you get what you pay for .
 The unit has an unusual design with power and speaker connectors plugging into the subwoofer . This means that if you have a problem with the system , you can not reuse the subwoofer.My problems began with the right speaker connection emitting a constant , loud stream of static , even when the volume of the system was set to zero . It did n't matter if I switched speakers - the right speaker port would continue to buzz.Then , the unit began turning itself off - we would start watching a movie , and ninety seconds into the movie , the unit would turn itself off . I am disappointed and would not recommend this unit to someone else .
 I got this as a gift for Christmas -LRB- I picked it out myself after reading the reviews on Amazon.com -RRB- , and at first I was very pleased . It was easy to hook up , the surround sound was impressive , and it played my mp3 CDs . Unfortunately , a couple weeks after I hooked it up , I made an unpleasany discovery . I decided to watch my Extended Edition of The Fellowship of the Ring . About 20 minutes into the first disc , I strted getting frequest and severe artifacting problems on the screen , along with the occasional audio scratch or crackle . I thought perhaps my disc was scratched , so I borrowed my father-in-law 's copy of the film . The same errors occurred on his disc ! I tried my disc on my old Samsung player , my computer 's DVD-ROM drive , and a friend 's Sony player , and it played without problems on all of them . I decided I must have gotten a lemon , and returned the system . I bought the same system from a different retailer , brought it home , hooked it up , and the problem STILL occurred . Strangely enough , the problem has n't happened on any of the other movies I 've tried to watch so far -LRB- except a slight artifacting in one scene of the Extended Edition of The Two Towers -RRB- . If the movies I was having problems with were less important to me , I might just watch them on my old player and keep the system . But the Lord of the Rings films are some of my favorites , and I can not own a home theater system that wo n't play them . I do n't know if there is an incompatibility issue with Panasonic DVD players and New Line 's DVDs , or if there is something unusual about the way the `` Rings '' movies read on progresive scan players -LRB- none of the other players I tested the discs on had progressive scan -RRB- ; all I know is , if you are a fan of the Tolkien films , you do n't want this system !
 Poor sound quality . After five months , tray has started sticking . I contacted Amazon , hoping not to get caught in the manufactures black hole of ` after a month its your problem ' and was surprised that someone from some special unit -LRB- in amazon -RRB- would give me a call to work something out . NEVER HAPPENED !!!! STILL WAITING !
 After reading so many positive reviews , I thought for this price , this is too good to be true . I was right . After an easy set up , I put in some of my favorite DVDs to see what this thing could do . Even with component cables hooked up to my HDTV , the `` progressive scan '' picture was disappointing . Not to mention the pixelization of the picture that would happen periodically , even with brand new DVDs . Despite the horrendous video quality , the sound was pretty good minus the barely audible sub-woofer . I really wanted this to work so rather than return it , I sent it to be serviced by Panasonic 's so-called authorized technicians . They kept it for 2 weeks and were unable to `` pinpoint the problem . '' On top of their inability to do their job , they were also extremely rude and unprofessional . I have since returned it and bought a higher quality product from another company -LRB- rhymes with BONY -RRB- . Lesson learned , Panasonic - You get what you pay for .
 Last Year I bought my first Home Theatre System - Panasonic SC-HT 70 . Oh Joy ... well for 6 months anyway , before the player packed in . It would ` nt read any discs , CD or DVD . Bummer I tought , just unlucky and sent it off for repair . Was stuck with regular TV volume for 2 months ... which is kinda like using a 56K modem , getting cable and then having to go back to the 56K again . So I got the system back and in fairness it 's being working ever since . So last week I went out and bought the HT 700 , rushed home and to my shock and horror , I did ` nt have to wait 6 months this time . It did ` nt work at all !!! Same problem ... player did ` nt work , could not read any disc 's . Funny enough this time each time I tried I got a different error message -LRB- even my DVD disk was from the wrong region -RRB- ... yeah right . So I got to bring it back -LRB- and it really bugs me the way sales people act like its your fault the thing does ` nt work ... Happy to take your hard earned cash , not so happy to give it back tough -RRB- . It 's a sleak looking system , but Panasonic neeed to get their sh ** together . Bottom line , its cheap , looks good , but is junk.Would ` nt risk it again ... Ever ... Go for somthing else.P.S . Have been reading some other reviews of various other models . Seems to be a Panasonic plauge , with the disk changer and player .
 This is a fine single disc player ... But add the complexity of actually cataloging some discs and this thing falls far short ... . If your discs happen to be encoded its alright . But if they are n't , it is a tedious process at best.If anyone borrows a disc from your player , watch out . Its so helpful that it starts resorting the discs for you . This after you hand edited a bunch of work ... What is needed is an iPod for DVD 's ... This stinks.Sony needs help in the software department .
 I purchased this DVD player with the same utopian dreams everyone else had ; I can put all my DVDs in one convenient place , quickly scroll thorugh the menu and find the movie I want to play , and put all my DVD cases in a box in the garage.I can put all my DVDs in one place , but there is nothing quick or convenient about it . First of all , the title line in the menu is ridiculously short . Only the short titles fit . For example , `` Blow '' is not a problem , but if you want to put in the title `` Planes , Trains and Automobiles '' you will have to enter it as `` P/T and Autos '' ... that is all you have room for . What is even more aggravating is that some discs automatically load the title . Those discs not only get more room on the title line , but also get a second line below the tile . Heaven forbid the general public get the same number of characters to work with . In addition , the discs that do automatically load the titles load as for example `` The Best of Friends '' or `` The Big Lebowski '' so you do not find `` The Big Lebowski '' in the `` Bs '' you have to go to the `` Ts '' and scroll through the endless number of titles that start with `` The '' . What makes it worse is that you can not go in and change the titles on the discs that automatically load . You are stuck with the title that is loaded . Some discs will even load as for example `` Directors Cut Basic Instinct '' so once again instead of going to the `` Bs '' I have to find `` Basic Instinct '' in the `` Ds '' . Is it just me or should someone have thought of that before releasing this?There is also a feature in the menu that lets you enter a frame from the movie . On the discs that automatically load , often times it will load the disc cover in the frame . Unfortunately , many of the movies just load scrambled nothing-ness . `` Rocky IV '' loaded as a green blob with a red frame . That might be cool in a modern art museum , but not in my menu screen.Regarding the disc loading . It is as though an `` evil spirit '' possesses the machine periodically and decides to hide a DVD somewhere else . One disc will end up being put in an entirely different slot . I then have to manually find the disc and put it back and for some reason tiles just disappear . I can not tell you how many times I have lost information I have loaded . Mechanically speaking , the loader does not work either . I am to the point that if I want to watch disc # 100 I have to manually remove disc # 99 or it will not load.Something else that bothers me is all the propaganda out there that this player plays both sides of the disc . Mine certainly does not . When I come to the end of side one , it loads the next disc ... sometimes . Otherwise it locks up and I get an error code.My machine also has a bad optical sensor . Need I say more . It is off to the repair man I go . I wonder if the electronics repair man can fix sledge-hammer damage?I would like to know who at Sony decided to release this plague upon the world ... I would also like the two Saturdays of my life back that I spent programming and loading all the titles ... and my money back ... but that will not happen because my 1 year warranty ran out . How convenient .
 I have purchased the CX 860 and have purchased two of the CX875P and all of them continue to have the same problem with the opitcal sensor going bad -LRB- the sensor that reads the dvd -RRB- . I have had two of the units already repaired and they are broke again and the last one I purchased 6 months ago just broke last week and now I am sending that one in to be repaired . I am tried of repairing these things . I was smart this time and bought the extended warranty on the dvd player , but the previous two I did not . I wonder why they want us to buy that extended warranty ? because they know that these things are crap . I was told it was just bad luck -LRB- from a Sony Rep -RRB- that all three have had the same problem ... I do n't think it is bad luck ... I think there is something wrong with these dvd players
 I have waited a long time for a Progressive 301 changer , either from Sony or Pioneer . I have owned an overflowing Pioneer 96hz 24bit 301 changer for several years , but it is not Progressive.Hooked up the Sony and all worked fine untill I `` loaded '' the DVD 's . It jamed 4 of my best dvd 's into the play slot , shut itself off , and then informed me there was a problem with the disc 's . I had to take the unit completely apart to remove my newly scratched dvd 's because the error message wo n't allow the unit to power up again . How the H do I remove 300 DVD 's if the unit wo n't power up?When compared side by side with my old Pioneer , I suspect it is Sony 's design . The DVD 's seem to shake more when the table is turning because the table is less smooth . The cradle holding the DVD 's is smaller than my Pioneer which allows for more movement of the disc 's when coming to a stop . When the arm reaches out to grab a still bouncing around disc , or now tilted disc , the arm will push the disc up against the door while trying to grab onto it . Sony was trying to make their unit more compact but I would rather have a bigger box and one that functions properly.Disappointed with the 12bit picture quality . My old Pioneer 24bit 301 produces a similar quality picture . I was expecting a huge difference but noticed just a slightly better picture . -LRB- I had T2 spc ed in the Pioneer and Star Wars 1 in the Sony . -RRB- Still not a `` bad '' picture , I just was expecting better.Set up time was n't bad , but , as usual , the manual is confusing but workable . I 'd swear rocket scientist 's write the manual 's . The info files still have a 16 character limit for titles . Can someone tell Pioneer and Sony both that most Movie titles have more than 16 characters ! Maybe , `` Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex But Were Afraid To Ask '' will fit into 16 spaces in Japan , but it wo n't in the US . -LRB- Pssst
 I can concure with all the problems everyone here has attested to . I have taken it back for repair of the optical sensor twice and it still does not work all the time . Its software is really bad -LRB- speaking as a programmer -RRB- . After more than one disappointing evening in which we could view a rented DVD , my wife is ready to through this out the window .
 The device is easy to install , outlets are well labeled , the documentation is all right.The picture and sound quality is certainly good enough for 99 % of all potential buyers . DTS is supported.The device reads numerous media . Movies on DVD as well as VCD are supported . Audio CD 's , including MP3 , are supported , although MP3 files on DVD are not accessable -LRB- sadly only on CD -RRB- . Buyers of international movies will be hit by the DVD region mafia methods . The player can play movies from one region only . So much about fair trade and free speech.The software of this device is of very poor quality . It is not just a primitive CPU at fault here . The menus are too slow . Information -LRB- e.g. `` flip '' disk -RRB- gets lost . Sometimes the menu would produce only the background color with a frame , but no other information . In this case the user has to turn off the device and reset it by turning it on again . There are also insufficient possibilities to interrupt an action , for example if the loading mechanism fails -LRB- see below -RRB- , after startup , or just to get the menu when the player thinks it should start a DVD -LRB- happens every time during startup and between movies , no matter what the settings are , annoying -RRB- . The device has no timed auto-shutdown , no start timer , no clock -LRB- would require additional $ 1 clock IC -RRB- . The title field in the menu for each disk is too short , especially for multi-title DVD 's or double-sided disks with different titles on each side -LRB- e.g. double-sided DVD-R media -RRB- . You can also store only one picture per disk , although the player can flip each disk . The player has no option to automatically continue a movie on the second side of a flip disk , it always grabs the next disk instead.So far I had two disks which would actually freeze the entire device while playing a movie . This is even more serious than slow , low quality menus.The most important design feature of this device is the library with its disk loader . Unfortunately the loader fails about once every fourth time , and depending on the load of the library , the disk distribution and whether a disk is located between two other disks or not , there are regions where the mechanism can not load any disk reliably ! Even perfect leveling of the device does not help -LRB- shelves can be tilted a bit -RRB- . Different media , same result . Once one of my disks got stuck while loading and the drive then tipped all my 200 + disks like a domino game . The disk carousel then ran over all disks , scratching them with the carousel 's bottom disk slots . And there was no possibility to turn off the device and then turn it on again to open the door without starting the carousel automatically every time . In fact , the door would not open at all , only with force by hand . These are really a major design flaws which blow every DVD experience with this gadget . And they can become quite expensive.Until the serious issues are fixed think twice before you buy this player or any of its successors .
 I know I probabaly should n't expect so much for the good deal that I got , but the MX3900D was a major disappointment.I have had problems since day one with the sound levels while playing DVD 's . When I have the radio turned on I can keep the level at about a 5 or a 6 and hear it through my whole house . For a DVD I have to turn the level to 25 or 30 to barely hear common conversations . It is also really irratating that when I put a new DVD in the changer and then select that tray that the DVD does n't automatically start playing . Is n't that the point of the DVD menu that movie companies put on the disc ?? I even went so far as calling Philips to find out about the problems and was told that these are known issues and ca n't be fixed.Sorry , but I want a system that I do n't have to crank all the the way so that I can hear my movie . This one went back to the store .
 Worked ok for 2 1/2 months then ... nothing . no seperate ff/rw button , too few inputs ... very few outputs ... poor rear speaker volume ... disappointing ! open and closing drawers problematic . I have a 15 year-old JVC 4.0 that works fine ... this p.o.s. went back to the factory .
 Its looks pretty good given its specifications.My major complaint about this system is , I could hardly heard from the Back speakers and hence missing Surround sound effects of Dolby Digital.And then little inconviniences are ,1 . No direct `` Fast Forward -LRB- > > -RRB- / Backward -LRB- < < -RRB- feature . We need to select System Menu and go to the submenus to forward .2 . The IR sensor is bottom of the unit at an angle facing down , and had trouble opertaing the remote when the unit is placed in Entertainment center .3 . The disc selection is slow .
 stopped working about a couple of weeks ! Do n't waste you money and time , seems nice , but failed to work properly
 I received this item in June began using it in July and it has already not working . It just stops intermitintly and puases in the middle of the song . Sometimes it just stops for no reson . There is no place on Amazon where I can go for help , since the return date was July 11th . I purchased 2 of these , so I am now using my second one . I would never purchase this product again and I feel Amazon was not customer friendly concerning this matter . Not such a good idea buying elrctronics through the mail . :O -LRB-
 The radio is garbage . Should not be sold . Spend more money and get a better radio . Sound is tinny . Tuning is very bad , station fades in and out . Screen protecting speaker fell off . You get what you pay for . Gave to lawn guy .
 The CD player never worked . It is horrible . I need help . It looked so easy I just thought I was doing something wrong and left it alone but it still does not work . I should have returned it .
 The CD player stopped working after 3 months.Piece if Junk , do n't waste your money.Amazon 's return policy is also useless , get something that has a year warrantee .
 I really liked this little CD player . It was cheap , and worked well at beginning . After about 3 months , it would no longer play CD 's anymore . Very disappointing . Maybe one day I will learn you get what you pay for . Low price = low quality .
 This radio/cd player is junk . I got one and used the radio for awhile but it failed . The on/off and other switches are inaccurate . So Amazon got me another after I returned the bad radio . This new one , I can not make the D work . It is cute looking but Amazon really should n't sell such poor quality stuff . I have had good luck with other purchases but not this one . Ihave given up on this item .
 This product already stopped working after a week of use ... I got it so my son could listen to CDs ... do not buy this item or u will be sorry
 The radio works fine but the CD player only works when it feels like working . Sometimes it plays , sometimes it just spins for a second after you close the lid then stops . Sometimes the display works , sometimes it does n't . It 's very frustrating .
 Got it in December ; CD player stopped working in April and now the radio reception is so bad I 'm tossing it . Ca n't provide paperwork for refund as it was a gift .
 I bought this product so my 3 year old son could listen to music before going to sleep in his room . It is terrible . There is a constant hum as long as it is plugged in . The volume of the hum depends on how the power cord is angled at the back of the unit . The CD player never worked right . After a few songs there is a `` ER '' message on the screen . Most of the time I ca n't even get it to play a CD . I 'm very disappointed . Do n't buy this product .
 Let 's see - no manual , no warranty card , no electric cord , nowhere to order one from Amazon . Like buying lots of batteries.You get what you pay for
 I bought this CD Player for my daughter for a Christmas Present . The radio works fine . The tape player works find . But the CD player will only run 30 min . and then it turns itself off . Something wrong there . Wo n't buy another one . I am very upset about this seeing my daughter lives far away from here . Ca n't do much about it now . So we are stuck with something that do n't work .
 This thing is okay , but I could never really get it to PUMP THE JAMS , you know ? Like , it would start to PUMP every now and then , but it would n't ever truly , consistently PUMP the JAMS up very high , which was disappointing . If you 're not into PUMPING THE JAMS , this is a decent product , but if you 're serious about JAMMING , avoid it . There are probably better JAM PUMPERS on the market that will more effectively PUMP THE JAMS.Coby , why ca n't you build a product that will actually PUMP THE JAMS ? We put a man on the moon , Coby . Seriously , get your ish together and figure out how to effin ' PUMP!Also , I think it scratched my favorite CD -LRB- NOW THAT 'S WHAT I CALL MUSIC !
 I got this CD player for my grandchildren to listen to stories when they go to bed . They also love to dance so I thought they could play CD 's . They are only 3 , so I thought this would be good for the price . You can BARELY hear the music ! When I last visited , I got a CD and put it on so I could watch them dance , it was not loud enough for them to hear it . I asked my daughter if it had been like this since I bought it & she said yes , that it was loud enough for them to hear the storeies ... since it is not too far from the bed , but that is all . Do not bother wasting your time this was a piece of junk .
 Player did not even spin up a CD out of the box . Only positive is that the radio worked . Save your time and get a Sony instead .
 I can say without reservation that this is the lousiest piece of electronics I 've ever owned . After a few weeks of use it became nearly impossible to get any reaction when pressing the various buttons . Now you have to press them very hard , in a specific way , or for a long time to get the desired reaction . Sometimes pressing a button does something another button is supposed to do . Often trying to advance a track moves back a track , but not reliably ! You can imagine how frustrating it is to not be able to advance a track when it begins skipping playing a perfectly clean and scratch-free CD . It hums audibly when plugged in and we keep it unplugged because we 're worried it will burst into flames . I ca n't wait to replace this incredibly frustrating stereo .
 I am VERY unhappy with my purchase . It has been used less than two months and is already not working ! It is humming and wo n't play music , even plugged in , as if the motor itself is defective . I want my money back !!!! Do n't buy this brand , even though I thought it was one of the higher rated ones when I was looking .
 I was very excited to use this system . When I recieved it and opened the box I could not wait to install it . Once I installed it and tried it out I could not wait until i sent it back for a refund.The Wireless system seemed OK except that I continued to get a sharp metallic spiking sound from the surround speakers . When anyone crossed the path of the transmitter the speakers would screech . It was horrible . To make sure that it was n't just the speakers , I wired them to the receiver and the sound was better.There is no treble setting either . Most TV shows will have a high treble level and I have no choice but to deal with it . The system is great for watching DVDs but not for watching TV which is probably 95 % of the use it gets . I would not buy this . There are better systems out there for the same price .
 My husband and I bought this for our living room and it was a complete disaster . First , we could n't get it to work with our Tivo and cable system - the sound was distorted . We called the customer help line and after 3 hours - it finally worked ... For about a month . Then , the dvd player began to play in black in white - in flashes - then go back to color . This was really frusterating-so we tried to get Philips to fix it , but they wo n't honor online reciepts for warranty issues . So , we took it to the local authorized repair service who charged us $ 50.00 to look at it - they determined it would cost $ 393.00 to fix the dvd player . This has been the worst electronics purchase we have ever made - stay clear of this product . We 're going to toss it out and buy something else !
 out of the box the unit was DOA ... i will never purchase another philips product . wait until you have to deal with their customer service / repair division . you 'll never purchase another philips product .
 The GPS is helpful , but at this point is the only way I can use the product . The company has not made a driver for windows vista and when I was forced to buy a new computer when my computer crashed I got a windows vista computer . I spent alot of money on textbooks for work to download on the ppc and I can no longer use them because of the incompatibility with my computer . I tried to contact the company regarding this problem , but they do n't seem to care .
 I purchased this from a local store because I figured it was a good buy for all the features . When I got it home I found out that it was very slow to boot up and the battery life was horrible . I tried to find tech support on it to see if it was a common problem and it took me a couple of hours before I found something . The problem was that it was on the European site and not the US site . So I downloaded this update to make my Mio have better battery but I found out that that update was only for the European versions after I downloaded it . When installed it screws up the PDA and it has to be shipped in for repair . I got the local store to take it back and bought the HP rx5915.My suggestion , do n't buy this , it will leave you disappointed in the long run . If you are looking for a good one , look toward the rx5915
 I bought this item not working within one month . I sent it back for repair , just two days not working again and then sent it back for repair , again two days dead again . Waste my shipping fee , do n't put your money to the garbage can as me .
 I do n't recommend this item . There are a couple of pluses , but there are a number of problems : First , the pluses -- The price is good for a GPS unit and PDA . -- The SIRF III GPS received is responsive , receiving good reception even inside my house -LRB- except for the basement -RRB- . -- The Wifi is fast.Now the minuses : -- The battery life is poor . I ran through a fully charged battery in a little over an hour with the Wifi on . -- The screen is poor quality . There is bleeding of text and images and the resolution does not appear good . Possibly , this is because the screen is quite large for 320x240 resolution . -- The PDA functions are not integrated with the mapping and GPS functions . E.g. , there does not appear to be a way to access your contacts list within the Mio Maps . -- Mio Maps is clunky software . It requires multiple taps and is not intuitive . -- There are typical Windows Mobile memory problems because applications do not shut down when closed . I guess I 'll need to pursue the third party software route to address this problem . -- Internet Explorer is a dated and inconvenient browser for mobile devices . It does n't format pages well and will not load secure sites such as Chase Banking . I downloaded Opera mobile but they want to charge $ 24 for a registered copy . -- The device is quite heavy . It is industrial in appearance ; not attractive but not terribly ugly . It is a bit odd that the screen is so recessed . -- I was surprised that the device connects to ActiveSync via USB 1.1 . This causes synchronization to be very slow . -- Skype did not work very well even though I have a very fast home Wifi network . -- Almost no software came with device -LRB- only Worldmate , Mio Mapping and the basic Windows Mobile -RRB- . Outlook was not even included . This is a first , in my experience.I have n't used the mapping software extensively . It 's based on TeleAtlas .
 The worst equipment you could ever buy.Firstly , it did n't come with any navigation software . I imagine some versions may come but mine did n't . After that , Mio gives you no support to buy a software.Battery life is just about negligible . Every time I wanted to use it , it was dead , even without having it on with the GPS function.When I finally got a navigation software , it is so slow , it tells you to turn after the corners . It constantly is looking for its position and never catches up with your driving . Only good for walking.As a Grand Finalle , it froze completely and never goes beyond the splash-screen . Hundreds of discussion groups on the Internet tell you what to do but seems that nobody can get theirs to go again.In summary
 Very poor Battery life . But worst of all is the tech support there are no vista drivers for this . emailed tech support they me to change my OS to XP . then I called tech support and was told they are n't going to put a driver out , because the unit was built before vista came out . Also , it 's very hard to use the gps in progams other than Miomap . The PDA/GPS is a great idea but this is the wrong one to buy .
 It 's really a terrible PDA with so poor quality . I bought it in November last year . It stopped working when I used the GPS last month , and when I tried to restart it , it formated itself . I had to restore the system and the map . Then this problem occurs again and again . Whenever I plug the charger in , it stops working . After some days it recovers.I contacted the customer service of MIO , the agent let me try this and try that . Now I still can not use it.I asked for a return or a replacement , but they said no way .
 Very neat idea , I bought several of both models 12PS1 and 12PS2 . The # 12PS1 is perfect . The # 12PS2 is a little less useful . They missed the bullseye mark here slightly by having the cord come off the plug at 90 degrees , but opposite the ground prong side of the plug . This means that if you plug into a wall outlet the cord will have to fold back on itself under it 's own weight and may block the other outlet . Also on power strips with two rows of outlets , the ground prong usually faces away from the center of the strip . This means the 12PS2 cord blocks the other row of outlets , defeating the intended use of giving you an extra outlet .
 Buying a PC off the shelf is never ideal , but I was stuck , so I bought the best they had , a Sony PCV-RS530G . I like Sony ; I keep saying that , not sure why anymore . It has a great processor , adequate RAM , and a so-so video card . The power supply is underpowered and not a standard size . The big problem is the hard drive , it 's so slow ! It 's a Seagate , which makes a very quiet drive , quiet because it barely moves , and Sony makes it all worse with a really odd partition scheme . The drive also features an obsolete 2mb cache and no acoustic management tools ; it ca n't be speeded up . The high end processor and the RAM spend all their time playing solitaire waiting for the hard drive to produce data , it 's terrible . No big deal , I bought a new fast hard drive . Before cloning I went to use the back-up utility , and it would n't burn the discs
 I ca n't remember why I purchased these , but I do n't use them anymore . From the first time I tried them , I noted that they were uncomfortable and the sound quality was mediocre ; not what I would expect from Koss.If you 're looking for ear buds , I suggest trying the in-ear-sealing type -- Several years ago , I was turned off by that type because I never liked putting stuff in my ear . I quickly grew accustomed to it though and now appreciate the sound quality and isolation that those offer compared to these -LRB- P15 -RRB- type . If you do n't want sound isolation , then I suggest looking at over-the-ear headphone sets . For example , the Koss PortaPro 's are likely the best sounding headphones I 've ever heard -LRB- my personal favorite -RRB- . Generally I would avoid these unless you are set on getting the hard-plastic standard-ipod-type headphones , to witch these would probably compare a little more favorably .
 I 've had these for about 6 months and the left earphone just gave out . Maybe I was just unlucky , but that is unacceptably short life-span for earphones like this.The phones are also a little too big for my ears ; actually they are a bit larger than the standard iPod phones so if you think those are too big , stay away from these.Besides , the sounds on these is really quite mediocre . It 's not terrible , but there 's very little bass and poor mid-range definition . Again , the only other earphones I 've owned recently are the standard iPod phones , and those have a much better sound that this one.I 'm looking to replace these now that they 've given out , and I 'm certainly going to buy something different this time .
 tinny , no bass whatsoever , they just sound bad . they are also uncomfortable because of the way they are shaped and do n't fit well .
 I do not recommend this product.This case screws onto the bottom of the camera . It wraps around the front and back of camera and offers no protection for the sides , especially when in pocket with keys or in purse . When taking pictures , you either have to deal with the case hanging from the bottom of the camera , or take the time to unscrew it .
 I was considering buying it from the pictures online but after looking at it in the Sony Store , found this item to be a horrendous design . Have you ever seen a button flap leather cover pocket bible ? That is the design of the case . It 's secure in covering the front and back , but does not cover the sides , instead leaving the sides wide open and susceptible to dust and scratching . Also there 's the screw at the bottom . What kind of compact camera case has a screw ? This one does . You 'd screw it in and it locks into the tripod screw port . How annoying . I want to feel my camera , not have it tied to the case 'til death do us part.For me , I 'm more comfortable getting one of the other Sony or Canon Powershot cases that are similar in size and provide better protection & practicality . Something like the Sony LCS-NA , tho ' not as slick in design , serves the purpose more than well .
 The cable looks very attractive due to its appearance . But the connections are too tight for all my devices -LRB- TV , multiple DVD players -RRB- . When I connect to my TV , I have to force to push the connections in and my TV LCD pixels are damaged on the corner . I contact Amazon.com and return the product within the hour . I hope that the manufacturer realize this issue and correct its products .
 I thought I 'd get these guys to see what all the hubub was about , but found myself disappointing . I felt silly after buying them because I did n't notice a difference in quality.Pros
 These cables preformed as well as a set of -LSB- $ -RSB- cables on my new 30 '' Wide Screen HDTV , even at 1080i . I am not sure what the increase in price was for , maybe the gold plated connectors or thicker insulation.I ca n't really recommend these over a cheaper set unless you have a problem with corrosion in your home -LRB- the only reason to have gold plating is to reduce corrosion , it does not provide enough difference in conductivity to matter -RRB- or you are going to be running your cables next to a source of a lot of interference , like a computer with a glass window on the side.Save your money for something else that matters , or do like I did , take it back get a refund , and a new DVD player for the same price !
 Speaking from real experience , do n't waste your money buying this cable which makes absolutely no difference from a cabe you can find with half or less the price . I bought a few top of the line monster cables once I got the top of the line SONY XBR960 HDTV . Later on I switched cables around , with other brand , cheaper component cables such as Philips PTS1000 -LRB- the HDMI standard owner by the way -RRB- , and also other HDMI cables -LRB- even no name brands coming with my DVD player -RRB- . You know what ? I see absolutely no difference even under close examination . The SONY XBR960 produces the finest pitch you can find on any TV . You think about what that means . Stop buying this ridiculously priced cables , and save your $ $ and buy somethinfg else on your shopping list . Digital is digital . Do n't let monster mislead you that their cables produce more 11010 ... than others .
 I took a chance on the Sunpak , not believing one of the previous reviewers , and I had the exact same experience he described . The Sunpak works well enough , for the most part , but it does not completely get rid of reflections , when compared to my other circular polarized filters -LRB- different sizes for different lenses -RRB- . I suppose I could live with that , although it is n't what I 'd prefer . I mostly use polarized filters for the high-contrast they impart in sunny pictures , and the `` max effect '' configuration did n't have as high a contrast as my other filters.What was unacceptable , however , was a strange blue tint that reflections would take during certain lighting conditions , and with the filter turned to its `` max effect '' location . I was taking pictures of a stream with sunlight sparkling on the water , and at max effect they were neon blue !! The rest of the picture was colored as expected.I returned the filter and purchased a nicer Nikon-branded one , and it behaves perfectly . To be honest , the Sunpak is the only circular polarized filter I 've ever run across that did n't behave exactly as expected . I have several `` Promaster '' filters , which are also a cheaper brand , and they all work fine .
 I 've had this filter since February 2010 and use it on a Nikon D90 with a Sigma 18-250 lens . I 've found that it is impossible to get a sharp picture when the lens is at or approaching 250mm . I 've taken `` identical '' shots with and without the polarizer to determine if the problem is the lens or the filter and the filter comes up short . At wide angle to short telephoto the filter seems to do alright , but at long telephoto it produces a fuzzy photo that I can not get to be `` crisp '' either with automatic or manual focusing , even when shooting from a tripod and making sure the aperture is the same to ensure the lens is n't the culprit .
 Please be careful to check if the item you received is the same as it shown in the picture on the web . In the picture , you can see that `` MADE IN JAPAN '' is clearly printed on the frame of the filter . However , on the real item I received , I could not find `` MADE IN JAPAN '' anywhere . Instead , `` Made in China '' is printed on the box . Also , the list price the seller indicated is $ 129.95 . All mislead you thought the item you were buying was made in Japan . As the item I received is not the same as described on the web , I had to return it to the seller .
 A must for Digital Photography , especially on standard or longer lenses . Spend a few dollars more and get a good name brand like Hoya or B + W. I exchanged this one for a Hoya , and I am totally happy.After spending a lot of money for a great DSLR , why would you put a `` cheap '' piece of glass in front of your lens ? The differences are probably too subtle for the everyday photographer to notice , but if you do start to publish your photos , you 'll want the same quality of glass in front of your lens , as the quality of the glass in your lens.I am shooting with a Nikon D90 , with a Nikon 18-200 lens .
 Nice drive but went to the U3 site to update Launchpad program for Vista as directed . U3 site downloaded a sandisk program -- no indiaction that update applies to SanDisk drives only . By the time I figured that out , it was too late to use the vista update on the Verbatim site . The Verbatim site no longer recognized the drive as a `` Verbatim '' device . Neither Verbatim nor SanDisk support could/would help ; both referred me to the other 's support site . So , I am left with a U3 -LRB- SanDisk Launchpad -RRB- Verbatim drive that apparently does not and can not have a hardware `` security '' enable function -- which is what I bought the U3 drive for in the first place . So , I bought a new SanDisk U3 USB drive . Operator error ? You bet , but one I could n't seem to recover from without spending more money . You can research U3 and other flash drive security issues on -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 We have one of these at work . Well ... two actually . I refuse to put the second one into service.We were offered one of these for free if we purchased a WorkCenter 35 Pro -LRB- another hunk of junk but do n't get me started -RRB- . Even for free , the Phaser 6100 is awful.It 's terribly slow , the memory is not upgradeable , the footprint is far too big -LRB- that 's because you need to be able to access it from three sides , which , WTF ? -RRB- , it has three separate consumables not counting the four toner cartridges and the quality is about as good as one of those $ 99 inkjet units from WalMart.After we got the first one , I swore never again but the boss had already purchased another WorkCenter 35 . We 've used the second Phaser just once . That was to print out the config page because Xerox would not give us our rebate -LRB- that 's how they do a `` free '' printer -RRB- without one . We had to unpack it , put the whole thing together , print out the page , tear it back down and pack it back up . After that , it got thrown into storage . Oh , what I would n't give for a catapult.The only reason I gave it one star is because `` 0 stars '' is n't available . Avoid this one at all costs .
 I was happy to receive the product rather quickly , but my enthusiasm was short lived . The antenna connection to the dock became loose and would not function within a month of use . I called Sirius and they advised me to buy another one . Since this was my 4th or 5th docking station , and they are about $ 50 a piece , I cancelled my Sirius subscription . I will wait to see if and when Sirius can afford to make better plug and play kits . I 'll miss Howard .
 PRO
 To anyone thinking of buying this camera in 2009 -- there must be better options available than this now 2 1/2 year old model . I tried it because I wanted the 12x zoom , Leica optics , feature set , build quality , etc. but after trying it out over the weekend at the Yankee game and for nature photography -LRB- which is what I mostly purchased it for -RRB- I was extremely disappointed when I loaded the photos into the computer . Noise levels for images shot at ISO 200 are totally unacceptable . I could not work with ISO 100 because the weather was overcast . But hey -- I need to be able to use the camera in all conditions , not just when the sun is shining . All images are smudgy and soft and start breaking up when viewed at 1/2 size let alone at actual pixel size . As for cropping -- forget it ! Also the auto-focus does not work well in a variety of situations . At the upper end of the telephoto range , the camera can not be hand-held at slow shutter speeds even with the level 2 shake reduction on . Plus for my 52 year old eyes the small viewing screen and the coarse optical viewfinder are definitely no longer state of the art -LRB- if they ever were -RRB- . For the past few years I have owned the Lumix TZ1 and LX2 and have been happy with them . I have gotten used to their smudgy noise reduction but the Leica V-Lux 1 , instead of being better in this regard , seems worse . I was hoping for an improvement in zoom range over the TZ1 -LRB- which is a compact automatic which goes to 350 optical zoom but only 5 MP -RRB- but from what I have seen so far , this camera is not only not an improvement , I do n't even think it is as good . Your money -LRB- and mine , once I return this -RRB- will be better spent on a newer model camera that has hopefully dealt with some of these problems . I will try the Lumix G1 .
 Would love to try this card out since I just ordered it however it does n't come with the necessary mini sas - > x4 sata multilane 3ware breakout cable . Something to be aware of if you order this . Amazon sells the cable for about 18 $ . It would be nice if there was some indication that this was an OEM barebone card in the description.I 'll update the review once the card is up and running .
 I do n't really satisfied about the product . . He sent me completely another computer with a cd-rom not working , wireless not working ... I do n't believe I will buy laptop on Amazon again ...
 save your money and time , this thing was worthless . I had it for a month and it crashed . They also lied when they said it comes with a webcam , some do ... mine did n't . I was irritated . Processor ... also crap . says 3 gigs of RAM , mine came with less than 1 gig free . Do yourself a solid and invest in a Dell XPS of any model . Cleanest PC laptop you can buy .
 Be very careful about installing the mount on the windshield . Mine fell off , the screen impacted the gear shift and cracked . Mio is denying warranty repair . They tell me I installed it incorrectly . They are willing to spend $ 133 to send the suction cup mount to Germany for testing , but they are unwilling to make a customer happy.I guess you get what you pay for .
 Purchased this unit with the understanding that map updates were to come very soon . However , there are no map updates available . This unit is a complete waste of money . Roads change often and Mio does not update the maps ... . Very low volume on this unit and it does not have text to speech feature . It has some nice features but , outdated maps right out of the box . Now I am stuck with this useless GPS . I got it at PepBoys and now they tell me they did n't sell the unit ...
 I contacted Mio the first day I received this as a present in 2007 . I still have the problem number and it , is still on there website when I log in . No updates for the maps . Every time I drive home from work it wants me to go down a dead end street . Then it thinks every road is dirt and will not take me down the shortest route.I contacted them on there website , called and e-mailed and no help ? I will never purchase a Mio again .
 After fighting with this GPS for just over a year I threw it out with the trash tonight & just ordered a Megellan Maestro 4250 that my husband has & is quite happy with -LRB- & knew better than to trade mine for ! -RRB- . The Mio has never been reliable -- from shutting down for no apparent reason , to requiring me to enter the same destination over and over before it calculates a route , to continually losing its signal , to not recognizing its own map card -- and was not worth a penny of what I paid for it . My advice
 I have the H610 which I purchased to find it does n't support MS Vista . Combine this with no map updates and it becomes useless . I have contacted Mio multiple time and got no useful responce . They even justifiy mapping errors by say your doing some thing wrong !
 I bought this item as a Christmas gift for my Mom . She is not tech savvy , but I thought a GPS system would be easier and safer than following printed directions while driving . I wanted something easy where you can just type in a starting address , an ending address , and then just follow the directions -LRB- similar to online map software -RRB- . Unfortunately , I found this device not user friendly , even for a more tech savvy person like myself . It was not intuitive how to use , and you have to poke keys on a digital keyboard with fingers , which was difficult to do without hitting nearby keys . I found the maps challenging to navigate , and I could n't figure out how to zoom out/in and easily pan without affecting the route . The user guide was only on the CD , and at 87 pages long , I realized that this product is only for the most patient and determined person . Knowing that my Mom would not go to this much trouble to learn and use it , I returned it . I hope there are easier GPS systems out there .
 I had a very nice experience with a Mio GPS that I 'd purchased about 5 years ago for about $ 150 . I found one at Radio Shack this last X-mas for about the same and bought 2 figuring it would be much improved - boy was I wrong ! 1st of all - no spoken street names - alright I can live with that -LRB- My old Mio did that -RRB- 2nd - when you turn on your street it takes a good 10 seconds to update to the next turn - making you miss your turn usually - and before the address comes up when you arrive at your destination street , it takes 20 seconds to display the address , so keep that handy -LRB- My old Mio updated promptly -RRB- 3rd - on a 1/2 mile trip , many times it will take you on a 20 mile detour . -LRB- My old Mio never did that -RRB- If your not familiar with where you are , you 'd be better off asking directions from a homeless woman.Don ' t buy Mio unless you are stupid .
 This product was mediocre . Unfortunately it died just over one year of use . When it was working , occasionally it would do annoying things , for example , if you are driving on a freeway , it would say `` stay to the left '' as a means for you not to exit the freeway . If you are an obedient driver , you would move to the far left lane of the freeway , then as soon as an exit turnoff has passed , it would say `` now exit right '' and if there were lots of cars in the way , it would be difficult to make it all the way to the exit lane.The only thing I really liked about it was the British accent and that I can use the power source to charge my cellphone -LRB- Blackberry -RRB- . Other then that , I 'm sure there are much better GPS systems out there .
 Amazon 's service was great with overnight delivery . That 's the good news . Oh , it locked on quickly and the cockpit view of the road as the unit follows the highway is neat . The bad news is that I found the Mio C220 extremely difficult to try to use . Trying was frustrating . To me , the interface proved essentually unusable . The instructions are n't clear . They do n't spell out how to enter a `` go-to '' destination . Learning by trial and error is extremely trying when the logic paths seem so illogical . Using the touch screen must require a dexteerity I do n't have . When I attempt to change the scale , the map moves ; when I attempt to move the map , the scale changes . I would much prefer buttons that do what they 're supposed to do . I like my positions in deg-min-sec , so I do n't like being limited to decimal degrees . I like to see the direction to/from points in degrees , not just on a compass face . I 'll eat the wasted dollars because I would n't want anyone else to wind up so dissatisfied with a returned unit . The bottom line
 Do not waste your money on this GPS . It has a lot of features but you ca n't get the basic naviagtor to work . The screen is also to small . It seems to lose its signal every time I move it from the cradel.The power supply for the battery must last only 30 minutes with out the power cord .
 Got a great deal on this unit , but was absolutely unimpressed from the first time I turned it on . It should take me two turns to get to the grocery store , and this took me 3 miles out of the way on a 3 mile trip . It wanted me to exit a freeway where there was only an overpass , but no exit ramp . It wanted me to turn the wrong way down a one-way street , and told me to go down what was a dead-end road.A very typical drive would include directions such as : - Take next left , continue for two blocks ; Take next right , continue for one block ; Take next right , continue `` x '' miles to next turnIf you followed that , it took me four blocks out of the way to get to a point I would have reached had I not taken the first turn.Some of the addresses for the Points Of Interest are also VERY wrong . I found the theater for a show the other day and plotted direction using that POI . The address did n't really exist - it would have been in the middle of a city block where there was only a parking garage . Once I found out what the right address was , it got us to the theater - 8 miles away on a different street , but with only minutes to spare . My bad for not verifying the address in the first place , but should I have had to ? That defeats the whole purpose of the unit.I compared this to a Garmin Nuvi 200 on a long-distance trip . The Garmin fared a little better , but not by much . Both units were returned for a refund the day after I returned home . Both were very disappointing .
 I purchased the Mio C220 about 2 months ago and had been using it regularly with good success . However , on my last trip , I noticed that the SanDisk card containing the maps was missing . Apparently , at some point as I gripped the unit to remove it from the holder , my finger brushed against the SanDisk card slot on the side of the unit , which ejected it . I could not locate the card , rendering the unit completely useless ! This device has a serious design flaw in that the SanDisk memory card containing the maps is not properly secured in the unit and can easily pop out and get lost . There is no latching cover like that on a digital camera to secure it in place . I called the Mio customer service hotline and when I explained that I felt that they should replace the SanDisk map card due to an obvious design flaw , they told me that my only option was to purchase a new SanDisk card for $ 130 ! Now I regret not paying more for a better designed device . I wo n't be purchasing any more products from Mio and I urge you not to purchase this unit unless this design flaw is rectified . If you are unfortunate enough to have already purchased this device , I strongly urge you to place a small piece of electrical tape over the SanDisk card slot , so you wo n't suffer the same consequences that I did .
 I bought it looking at the reviews that looked pretty decent . But it was a mistake . It does not work.Cons : the voice is too low you can not hear it unless you are carrying it in your hand by your ear.the signal is lost constantly and does not recognize where you are and it starts recalculating from the wrong addressthe two times that it took me to the right place , it took me a very long route around an hour instead of 40 minutesPro : It has a lot of points of interest but some are outdated .
 The unit is nice and a great value however the map data is so old you will often not find your destination , which is really frustrating . Also do n't bother with this unit if you are going to Canada ever . You may be better served by spending a little more and getting current maps . After all that is the reason for a nav system right ?
 Mio C220 3.5-Inch Portable GPS NavigatorGot the system for holiday present , thought initially it was affordable and had most of the features I wanted . HOWEVER , the touch screen was not responding and I pushed the section of the screen a little harder and the whole face of the screen cracked . I am on with tech support who may charge me to replace or fix the unit . Completely NOT what the warranty read . Great , cheap unit but they do n't back it up if normal customer use presents a problem . Another $ 130 dollars out the window !
 I bought this in July 2007 for a trip from Wisconsin west to Yellowstone and Glacier . It failed to do its primary job - consistently getting us to where we wanted to go . Sometimes it did and sometimes it did n't . There were times when we chose a listed POI , saw signs to it , and followed the signs instead of the Mio , which was telling us to go somewhere else . When we got to the POI , the Mio still did n't know it , and kept telling us to go elsewhere . This was not an isolated incident , and I 've had similar problems in Wisconsin . I have n't tried to use it for the past few months . I can understand it taking you on a less efficient route occasionally , but if you ca n't be sure you 'll really end up where you want to go , what good is it ?
 The unit works okay . Have n't tried it in unfamiliar territory yet but I know it misses roads around here . It is n't easy to set up . I have had to play with it a bit and I still ca n't get some things like I would like . It probably was n't the best choice for someone like me who has very little experience with a GPS receiver . The other more important problem is there is no support from the company for getting new maps for the USA . I have not found any place where I can get updated maps for the thing . The Tele Atlas company they mention for maps does n't do maps for the USA , at least not for this unit and the company itself does n't supply updates so in that respect it is n't worth the price or maybe it is one of those things , you get what you pay for . Spend the extra and get a Garmin or some other more sophisticated unit and make sure you can get new maps with what ever you buy .
 After a few months my device would not charge consistently . Customer service wanted me to go buy a USB charger for a computer so then I could determine if the problem was the device or the charger . When I said that this was not an acceptaple solution they said I would have to pay shipping and handling to mail the device AND the charger cable back to them . This was the second stike against this device . The first one is that it did not contain my parent 's address even though they have lived in their house for 4 years . There is no way to get updated maps so you better hope it has the ones you need . Documentation is also not that great .
 Here is the number one problem with this GPS ; there are no map updates available . I got this unit in 2007 for Christmas and soon after I noticed that neighborhoods that had been built in 2006 were not included on the map . When I was driving in Colorado route 40 was n't even on the map . When I requested a route from Buena Vista to Winter Park the GPS told me that the destination was not reachable . The POI 's are also very limited . The GPS was unable to find the following landmarks . Garden of the Gods , CO , The Grand Canyon , AZ , Hoover Dam , NV . Also the GPS will not route unless you have a specific address to punch in . For example I was driving to Herndon , VA and the GPS could not find a street that was built in 2006 . Not knowing the area , I did not know any of the street names so I could not input an address . The next best option would be to route to the city center but the c220 does not have that option . Also the battery on this unit lasts about 1 hour . Here is the kicker , while the US version does not offer an update the European versions offers map updates , firmware updates , a custom POI loader , and a POI updater . Thanks for screwing the U.S. consumer MIO !!!
 I bought a C220 MIO GPS a year ago , it works fine , but there are no map updates . They offer updates for newer products only , go figure.I will not buy another product from this company . I doubt they will last very long anyway .
 I like most of the users here , thought this is was a great device at a great price . That 's until I started to use this a bit more and this thing started to crash very frequently . Yes , crash just like a Windows application . When this happened , the system display a chain of the miogps.exe and mioutil.exe application fatal error messages , of which you ca n't close or click the `` X '' mark . Since this system does not have a pinhole reset button like most other GPS that uses Windows CE , this crash crippled the OS enough so I ca n't even shutdown the system or perform a soft restart . The only thing to get out of this mode is to let the battery drain and force the system to shut down on its own . This is a major problem if you are visiting an unfamiliar area and relying solely on this device for direction . I find the lack of a hardware/pinhole reset capability is absolutely unacceptable for a device so prone to crash . It really puts your safety at risk !!!
 I will begin by saying I loved this product when it worked . It was easy to learn and use and had a bright screen that was easy to view . I never really got a chance to use the navigation features , however.I had significant issues with the performance of the product . After working well for two days , mine stopped reading the card with the maps and just showed the default/demo view of Arizona . I tried reloading the maps on the card but without luck . I exchanged it for another . This one would only show what I would call a `` blue screen of death '' -LRB- this is a Microsoft platform , afterall -RRB- when I tried to boot it up . I exchanged it for a third which worked for another couple of days , then had a `` fatal error trying to read memory card . '' I rebooted it and it worked for another day before it again stopped reading the card and just showed my location on a map with no streets . I tried contacting technical support , which I wo n't get into other than to say it was not helpful . I gave up and returned it .
 We found this system difficult to learn . The instruction manual is 113 pages and on a CD . Without the exact address of a destination the system comes up with multiple answers for a general locale . It is hard to read when driving especially if one wears corrective lens glasses . When in the traveling mode it is not useful unless you know where to go in advance . Would not recommend it or buy it again , and am returning it .
 The MIO C220 GPS was not easy to use -LRB- non-intuitive -RRB- and could not figure out a new route when we diverted from the suggested route . Even when we were right on or near an obvious route , it suggested a different route . Using it was frustrating and a bad experience .
 SUCKS !!! SUCKS !!! SUCKS !!! I have three c310x 's and like them alot but was getting tired of waiting on the `` supposedly '' spring map updates . Thought I 'd try the c220 or c520 but finances dictated the c220 . It was a little more accurate than my c310x but Holy Cow ... . you could hardly see the screen or hear the voice prompts . The reviews at the CNET website chew it to pieces . I am in awe of the people who say this a great unit . If they ever update the maps of the c310x , it may be the best MIO ever gets . DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT AT CIRCUIT CITY !!! They wanted to charge me a $ 30 restocking fee for a crummy unit . The best they would do is set me up with another crummy unit . I got another c310x , walked away and kicked the dust of my shoes .
 you get what you pay for , do n't buy it . Buy a Garmin . the MIO C220 runs on a windows version for small electronicsm , it froze a couple of times in the first two days ... so I decided to return it , it does have a couple of features that I wish the garmin units had `` reason why I chose it '' , but they do not merit me keeping after it froze .
 I have not had good luck with this unit had to send it back locking up returned as ok and still had problems I would not recomend
 received the gps yesterday but it only came with the car charger . Without the Sd card it 's pretty much useless . From what the ad said i was under the impression that i would not only be getting the GPS and car charger , but the device holder , windshieldmount , DVD with software and documentation , and the SD card with the complete US map . Opon contacting the seller , he told me that it was just for the GPS and car charger . No where in his ad does it say that.UPDATE ! 6/11/2012 - Ended up returning the device because MIO no longer makes maps for this version so i can not use it ! Seller said he would issue me a refund . If you want a good deal on a refurbished GPS that actually includes what the ad states , go to tigerdirect.com
 This thing takes forever to find satillites . The routs on this thing are just plain dumb . it takes long to get to your destination . I would not buy this thing if i were you . BUT HEY I GUESS YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR !!
 I got this GPS not too long ago and was originally happy to have one . Slowly , I became more and more frustrated for various reasons .1 . It will tell you the opposite of what you need to do . Meaning , it will say `` keep left '' when you actually should keep right . Many times I 've had to turn around because of this .2 . It will take you on some of the worst possible routes . Obviously , it 's not human and does n't have reason and logic like a human brain , but some routes seem incredibly stupid .3 . Maps are VERY out of date . Even if roads have been built a decade ago , they wo n't be on the GPS and you 'll often find yourself driving on what it thinks is an open field .4 . Lack of POI 's . You ca n't trust this unit to know where even common and popular locations are.At first , I did n't care that this unit did n't have many bells and whistles . But now , that seems like all the more reason to upgrade . Other GPS 's are around $ 100 nowadays . Keep shopping .
 I took a trip from Colorado Springs to Dallas using my brand-new toy ; a Mio C220 . I noticed that it wanted to send me from Amarillo to Oklahoma City , then south to Dallas . I knew this was n't right , so I dug out a printed route I had made with Mapquest ... this had the more obvious Amarillo to Dallas via 287 route . In order to force the C220 to take that route , I had to tell it I wanted to go to a random town along the way ... I did n't know any such towns , so called my wife who looked up the route on Mapquest and gave me the name of a town
 When I was looking for a GPS system , I wanted to make sure that it had a good chip in it , which the MIO C220 does however the interface is lacking and the maps are awful.My experience with this GPS began with a trip to my local Wal-Mart . The GPS was off by about half a mile . We took the system on a trip that day from St Joseph Missouri to Phoenix Arizona . The system did ok on that trip up until it got into Arizona . The system started routing us on paths that would take us 100 miles out of our way . At one point , the GPS started to route us down side streets!Our next destination on the trip was Las Vegas . The system did fine in Vegas . From Vegas , we went to Salt Lake City , where it took us 4 miles out of our way to get to our destination . Not too bad compared to the next day though ... From Salt Lake City , we headed north to get to Yellowstone park . On the way there , the GPS directed me about 10 times to exit the highway where no exits existed , into patches of forest or off drops of a couple of hundred feet . Needless to say , I followed my intuition and made it to Yellowstone ok . Driving through Yellowstone was another chore of caution . If I followed the GPS , my Grand Caravan would be submerged in Lake Yellowstone , at the bottom of a ravine , twisted around trees or otherwise maimed or maliciously destroyed.After Yellowstone the GPS did fine . Driving across the rest of Wyoming and South Dakota was pretty much a no brainer for my little Mio . When I hit Sioux City Iowa on the way home , the GPS had had enough . I attempted to exit onto Hamilton street from I-29 and it got me onto the exit ok however proceeded to send me in the wrong direction , up a park way for 2 miles to turn around in a roundabout to return to Hamilton . At this point , the frustration was too much and my little Mio spent the rest of the trip put away.Long story short , if you want to save some money and do n't mind driving off the occasional cliff or into a Ponderosa Pine forest , this GPS is just for you . If you get frustrated with being told to drive into ravines or lakes , you might just want to pass .
 The Mio Digiwalker product is ok but their support is non-existent . I have called them over 9 times , from Sep 2007 to Feb 2008 , to get an RMA completed . Each call took an average of 1/2 hour . They have no idea how to treat customers and God forbid you ever want to return something.Trust me ! You will NEVER get your money refunded , even if they issue you an RMA . This is by far the WORST service I have ever experienced . This is not a crank review , it is the truth , HONEST !!!
 bought this unit for Christmas and found it very frustrating . The interface is not at all intuitive . We have 4 very computer-savvy people in our family , and NONE of us could make it work . There is an 87-page manual which can only be viewed as a . PDF file -- not very useful when you 're in traffic and do n't have a laptop along . We returned this unit and do not plan to buy any Mio products again .
 I owned this priceless gem for approximately two days . In those two days , I was sent in circles , sent down dead-end roads , sent to the wrong destination , and left helpless by Windows CE crashes . The base maps are wrong on many many things -LRB- at least in my area -RRB- and the routing algorithms have you drive miles out of your way just to turn around and have you return to the same intersection .
 I bought 2 of these because of the price . Within 4 months one had the charging plug fall out from being mounted on the window , as it is designed , and just dropped out . I guess from the weight of the cord over time . But the bad part is the company does not stand behind their warranty and refused to fix it . A month later the second one has `` frozen '' with the setting screen and will not reset . Again the company will not stand behing their 1 year waranty . Just bad product and worthless company . Daniel Hester
 The C220 is an old product and apparently they are not updating it -- I called support and got nothing . For about $ 10 more you can get the C230 which has updated maps -LRB- you ca n't get a new map for the C220 -RRB- , better voice navigation -LRB- streets are named when you turn on them
 I have grown to like this little unit quite a bit , but I have discovered that I made a bad assumption when I bought it . When I saw that the maps were on SD cards , I figured I would just be able to buy maps for other regions when I needed them . Not so , it turns out . I actually called Mio tech support to see where I could buy a map of Canada for my next trip to Toronto , and I was told that `` foreign '' maps wo n't work in the US units . The telephone rep had been pretty polite up to that point , but when I said I certainly would n't buy a a Mio in the future , because they are n't much use to folks who need to travel to Canada , she got kind of snippy . She said `` Well , that 's your choice , '' and then added `` You can buy a separate Mio Canadian unit . `` Yeah ... or I could just buy a GPS that lets me install new maps.Steer clear of this one folks . It 's not worth the `` savings . ''
 The Mio C220 is possibly the worst unit on the market from its lackluster mapping software -LRB- it is useful if you know where you are going it will lead you to a POI -RRB- to its very short battery life . If you must buy this unit keep in mind Mio itself does not have excellent support -LRB- none in fact in CONUS -RRB- and the extended warranty does not include the mapping disc -LRB- maps are not imbedded into the software of the unit -RRB- . It also does not include a co axel cable to recharge the unit or download the CD -LRB- $ 24 from Radio Shack -RRB- . You are definitely getting what you pay for with this unit and I assure you that the most satisfying moment it brought me was smashing it while talking to the warranty people who told me that the software was MIO 's problem . Mio said to talk to the warranty people .
 why do you want to buy a GPS ? because you want it to guide you to your destination . But how about if it leads you to a wrong location ? NIGHTMARE !! I am so frustrated and have been driven to crazy after using this crash-prone box from 2 week ago!The BIGGEST problem is that the map is not accurate!you can try those addresses :1628 E southern ave , tempe , az400 mountain ave , murray hill , nj ,07974 if you can borrow one , try to drive there to take a look !!! The 2nd problem is its poor/stupid/idiotic routing algorithm which always tells you a serpentine route which you will hit a lot of stop signs even if there is a highway around !! no matter which routing policy you select !
 I have a slighly different model that also runs on Windows CE . From experience of others and myself you should steer clear of anything that runs on Windows CE . Just like other reviewers my device frequently crashes at the most inconvenient time -LRB- like when you are in the middle of the motorway -RRB- . A hard reset does not fix the problem . I have found that the only way to fix it is to reinstall the maps with your PC . That is assuming you eventually found your way back home . I have sent my device back to the repairers three times now and on the three occasions when I got it back and switched it on it has froze so I dunno what they are actually doing with it . Luckily it was insured and I claimed my insurance for a new different model . I bought the Navman F20 , cheap but always reliable and it has not failed me once . Navigation is a piece of cake and the re-route function is extremely fast and precise.I have friends with Windows CE models and ALL of them have problems where the device crashes or it reports corrupt or missing maps . Stay away from CE .
 This is my first gps and boy should I have sprung for something a bit pricier and reknown . That old saying `` you get what you pay for '' is definitely apropos.Pros
 This unit worked well in the US . However , I bought this unit because I run errands to Canada very often . It was a waste of time on buying this unit . I returned this unit and got a Garmin C330 and it worked above my expectations
 I actually like the product , it works very well . . BUT it has major overheating issues -LRB- my best guess -RRB- . I get about an hour of operation from a cold start then it cuts out and I get the static/snow screen on my tv . If I let it cool for a couple hours I get another hour out of it . Maybe I just got a defective item ... I hope so , atleast I can return it and get another .
 I wanted to buy this item -LRB- since the 2.4 MHZ item of the same kind did not work at my place due to all the interferences -RRB- but the previus review stopped me . I wonder if the previous reviewer 's situation was corrected by amazon.com in that they sent the right item . I could not find the direct email of the previous reviewer to ask directly .
 The Seller told my husband that we must have bought a defective unit and could we please just send back for testing . This took us out of Amazon 's loop which was one mistake . Then , the delays to get it back to us just in time to clock out the 60 days when we could use Amazon 's buyer protection.Apparently , my husband has now read more reviews to find many customers share the problem we had so that is why I titled `` mislead '' . We returned the original item within a few weeks so should have had the new one in plenty of time to discover the problem was ongoing . However , multiple excuses and delays conveniently ticked the clock so we are stuck with this item.So , lesson learned , do not go outside of Amazon ever when buying on this site !
 This seemed like a great solution in theory when neither the cable co. nor my electrician could find an easy way to run cable to the 3rd floor of my house . Though the distance did n't seem further than recommended , the units were not communicating well . When we finally did get it working , it was inconveniently place and a bit temperamental . We ended up returning the system .
 I bought this product so that I could connect my computer monitor to my 46 '' HD TV in order to watch youtube , netflix , and downloaded videos on my TV . However , after receiving the item , I found out that I need another $ 70 PC to TV converter in order to accomplish this . While this was doable , the product is rather large and unwieldly compared to similarly priced products . I am returning this item and buying a Western Digital TV Live Plus instead , which is smaller , runs for a similar price , and does everything I wanted this product to do .
 I bought this a couple years ago , when there was no alternative.I got one transmitter , and 3 receivers.Every week or so , when nothing has changed , I needed to change to another channel to get it to work right.When someone walks in the wrong place , the picture would go wonky , and sound was lost.The transmitter quit after a year or so , and I bought another.This week , that one broke.I 've been fighting with this thing for a couple years.So , I just bought the Nyrius , and it works better with the first plug in than this one worked ever.Better picture , better stability.Good bye RF Link , I wo n't miss you ...
 We were excited to purchase this upgrade from our old 2.4 GHz set . However , we were unable to get it to transmit without it `` blinking '' every 5 seconds or so . Very annoying . Could n't figure out if it was the unit or other wireless gadgets in the house . Had to return it .
 I 'm not technologically adept , so , even though the Ad promised that this would be easy to set up & use , I was unable to get it up & running .
 Seemed like an easy solution to my problem , but this product does not penetrate walls with it 's signal , as advertised . Instructions were a bit lacking . Found the manufacturer 's web site , signed in , asked for help ... absolutely NO RESPONSE .
 Setup from bedroom located at back of house to outdoor Tiki bar approx 30 feet away . Upon first installing was able to link up signal from bedroom . Most of issues was with remote . Sometimes it worked . Eventually it would never work . Signal weaken and after 2nd year was total useless even when positioning the devices 20ft apart in same room . Outside use had direct line of site through window .
 I bought the product and it was working great for 1.5 months and still works with the exception of the fact that I ca n't use my remote from my bedroom now . I have to go into the other room and change the TV . I called the company and I have to send the transmitter , receiver and the IR Mouse back -LRB- AT MY COST -RRB- . They said they could have it up to 2 weeks . They will try to repair it and if not , they will replace . This is all good but I am a bit miffed by the fact that I have to incur the cost of shipping when it is clearly their defect . And , that I have to go without TV in my bedroom -LRB- sad I know -RRB- because of their defect . I wish they were more accomodating but alas they are n't and I am at their mercy.Will update after the unit is fixed.So , I did send it back at my cost and they fixed and it is still working so I am happy with that .
 My RF-Link broke after two years of limited use . The company was not interested in repairing the device or replacing it . Do n't buy this product . There are numerous reviews like mine that state that the device fails after limited use . Buyer beware ... too bad I did n't get warned when I bought it .
 Purchased this from Amazon . Worked great the first 2 times I used it . Then the receiving unit died for no obvious reason . Waste of money to purchase an item that works for only 2 hours .
 This is a good product , but did not work in my house . The transmitter and receiver need to have direct view of each other . I have concrete walls in my house , therefore it did not work very well . But I still got a signal , just with lots of lines/interference .
 Item did not work as advertised . Virtually no recption , and the two units were only 20 ft apart . Do n't buy this .
 TV is in the living room , second TV i bedroom , one room inbetween the two and it does n't work at all .
 Using the unit across two rooms but could not get a clear signal on any of the 4 channels . Multiple big white bars scrolling from bottom to top of screen and many popping and crackling noise .
 So if you have any kind of scientific atlanta cable box the ir blaster will not work . I called tech support and of course they know all about the issue but you never find out until you buy it and the guy actually said I should buy a seperate ir sender ... unbelievable .
 i tried it and gave up . The picture quality is very bad . cant go thought 3 walls ... I used it for 1 time . do n't waste your money
 I ca n't write a fair review of this product . It was incompatible with my -LRB- admittedly outdated -RRB- system . I had to send it back . It might wirk just fine with a more sophisticated system but it did n't work at all for me .
 I ordered this transmission system and only received a sender unit . The ad clearly states it should be a transmitter and receiver ! Do n't purchase this item !
 I can not comment on the item itself yet , I ordered on the 14th . of Sept and the item was shipped on the 18th . accordeing to the tracking number it still has three more days in transit.The best part is it comes from less than 800 miles away . ? I would forget about the `` free shipping '' if you want it anytime soon.I am about to give up on AMAZON , they are getting worse and worse , probably because they are getting too big to care about who made them what they are .
 The manufacturer web site says it includes both transmitter and receiver units . http://www.araneusa.com/he-avs5811.html But does it ?
 When hooking this product up to my DISH network 311 receiver it only worked for 2 minutes , wonderfully I might add , then would stop . I did this three times and thought I would write to the company for support , due to the instruction manual lacking information . Well I now see that the instruction manual originated from this same company , because I still have yet to hear a response email back from them and its been over two weeks !! In concept this is a great product , but still needs tons of work and support along with it .
 I have owned this model for several years and have been satisfied so when it finally quit I immediately purchased the same model again . The IR repeater for the remote did not work on the new one even though the transmitter and receiver were placed in the same position as the old one . RF Signal was very good . I sent it back for a replacement which Amazon did very quickly . The second one was worse than the first . IR repeater still did not work and now the RF signal deteriorates and comes back about five minutes into use so the picture fades to snow along with the sound then pops back on . Will look for alternative product .
 For those wondering , the package did include both the transmitter and the receiver . However , the product did not work at my house . I live in a townhome with houses on either side . No way to know what kind of wireless electronics my neighbors are using . There was so much interference that the product would not be usable in my house . It did transmit picture and sound , but with lots of noise and picture disturbance . We even tried the initial setup with both transmitter and receiver in the same room . I can see that the product has a lot of potential , but it is n't quite there yet . If you have no interference where you live , it might work for you .
 I tried this and AngelTrax side-by-side , and the AngelTrax -LRB- not for sale at Amazon but you can find it on eBay -RRB- is a much more versatile system . The RF Link will only broadcast the signal selected on another device , so you ca n't watch different programs on the primary TV and the wirelessly-connected set . AngelTrax , on the other hand , has its own TV tuner so it will broadcast any cable channel and , at the push of a button , a signal from an AV device -LRB- like digital cable or a DVD Player -RRB- . The remote for the RF Link is barely functional , relying on an infrared `` mouse '' to send a channel change to the primary device , while the AngelTrax very effectively controls channel , power , and volume on its own tuner . Both worked fine -LRB- minimal interference -RRB- in my home in the presence of a 5.8 ghz phone and a wireless network.The RF Link is really quite inferior to the AngelTrax , and it costs more . Choose the AngelTrax .
 Instructions mentioned to aim the antennae directly at each other . We adjusted for a week and still were not satisfied . The units were no more than 8 ' - 10 ' apart and the sound still cracked and popped . When anyone walked between the units , the picture quality was bad .
 I bought this unit to replace a 2.4 Ghz setup that interefered with a new 2.4 Ghz phone I bought . I got it hooked up and it looked like it was working and then noticed a horizontal hold problem where the picture would randomly flip top to bottom , especially with a mostly white image . Other than that , picture and sound were great . I used the tech support link on the manufacturers website to ask about this problem . No reply for a week . Send it again , still no reply . Emailed them , no reply . Wondering if this company still exists .
 I was impressed with the reports from other people about what this product could do , and thought that this might be the solution to my situation.The package arrived fairly quickly , and I hooked it up in no time , getting audio , video and IR remote control up and running in only a few minutes , so I was starting to feel pretty good . There was a fair amount of interference on the audio/video and the IR signal was very intermittent , but I had not really set the system up yet so was n't worried yet - I should have been.After trying everything to adjust positioning of both units to see if I could get better signals , I managed to find one place where audio and video had the least amount of noise , and were almost acceptable . Now all I had to do was find a way to make the remote control work consistently . Ultimately this proved impossible.I contacted technical support for assistance . Sadly , none came.Unfortunately I was only running the audio/video/IR signals around 20 feet from the source , through 2 walls and no significant metal or electrical objects.I ended up sending the units back . I do n't know whether I got two bad units or if these things just do n't work as intended.After shouting at the units for a few days , I realized it might be quicker running cables up through the crawl space for the audio/video signals , leaving just the IR remote control signal to worry about . A quick trip to Radio Shack later and a venture up to the dark and dusty void above proved that the signals were better than those transmitted over the RF Link . Now I just need to find somthing to extend my IR remote signals ...
 Set sender and receiver in two rooms next to each other , only one of the channels has reception , and the reception comes with strong static noise . The receiver unit does not support S-Video or Coaxial connection . Return the unit . Get refund in one week excluding $ 7.5 shipping cost .
 read reviews and gave this product a shot . after all , i planned to use it to only bridge about 12 feet in a room with no barriers between the transmitter and receiver.it 's a moody little box ; some days , picture quality is great . others , it looks like my cable is being picked up by rabbit ears on the back of the TV . The packaging says it has a range of 300 feet , and through walls . i am not quite sure about those claims . in the age of BlueTooth and other wireless devices , a simple transceiver like this should be near flawless at short ranges -LRB- less than 20 feet , anyway . -RRB- i say this because i have an app on my phone that allows me to watch video/listen to music from my computer at home wirelessly from 30 = 50 feet out no pronlems , or from anywhere in the world via internet connection . so this device should be better , being it is working on a simpler , easier concept.Sound quality has always been perfect.lastly , the seller here was fantastic and i wo n't fault them for delivering their product in a swift , reliable manner . it 's just the product fell a notch short of what i expected .
 I was disappointed with this product for my application . I was trying to communicate from my Living Room TV to my outdoor workshop . The distance was approximately 20 feet and through 2 concrete block walls . Video was broken up and filled with interference regardless of antenna alignmnet and channel selection .
 I purchased two sets of this product . The 1st receiver failed 14 months into service . The unit would stuck on a channel or automatically switch and the power plug wo n't stay in without taping it to a specific position -LRB- the units were left on all day -RRB- . The second receiver also failed . Power plug kept slipping off and shutting down . With the second set , the transmitter started generating noise.Great product during 1st year of use , but does n't last long after that.Sorry .
 Cheap unit . Stay away . Did n't even last six months . Only worked if both units were within line of sight of one another .
 i brought such product from amazon by 140 $ , worked only for 3 days then stop sending and receiveng signals , and remote control not working from the begining , i tried to contact the rf link support , they are not responding to emails , not answering phone calls , it looks that i throw 140 bucks in the air , my advice don , t buy it , bad expensive product , no support , no costumer service , just u r throwing ur money , it will work for few days for these money
 I have used a similar device from Radio Shack for years . But my old relay had its antenna busted which hurt the picture quality . I ordered this as a replacement.Sitting in the exact same spot this RF-Link was worse than my 4 year old broken antenna Radio Shack . The distance was 12 feet with a single sheet rock / 2x4 interior wall between them . All on the same floor.I 'm just going to drill a hole in the wall and run coax .
 Sends very good audio/video signal , however , the remote control extender is practically useless if the units are more than about 30 ' apart . I have the receiver in a room about 50 ' away from the sender and I can rarely get the remote to send a signal no matter how much tweaking I do with the antennas . I will now need to add a separate remote IR extender -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- even though this product is supposed to handle that task .
 I purchased this to watch TV in the kitchen . I hooked it up to my system IN THE NEXT room . This unit only has four optional channels and apparently does n't like 5.8 ghz AT&T phones or 5.8 ghz netgear wireless routers !
 Video is OK but sound is bad 10 ft away in direct line of sight . Either a faulty unit or interference , the unit is producing a constant rhythmic crackling sound . Sound persists if transmitter turned off or if I turn off all lights . appliances , phone and Wifi.Will loose close to $ 20 on shipping -LRB- including return -RRB- , this was an expensive experience .
 Considering all of the positive reviews , maybe I just got a lemon . I have a similar 2.4 GHz version that I bought years ago at Radio Shack . It has great reception , but it is also very susceptible to interference . I bought this thinking it would be an upgrade since it touted greater range and little or no interference . It may not be getting any interference , but the signal/reception is terrible . Nowhere near as good as the older 2.4 GHz unit , sitting in the exact same place with the same antenna orientation . Sending it back .
 I just bought and installed this device . The instruction manual leaves a lot to be desired , but set up is not really that hard . I tried to send the picture to an older TV I have that is located in my basement and about 30 feet away from the transmitter . The signal had to go through a wall and a floor . The sound popped a lot and the picture quality was somewhat snowy . So I moved the older TV in the basement to an area just below my TV upstairs where the transmitter is hooked up , and the popping of the sound stopped and now the sound comes in clear . I can also easily change the channels on my Direct TV receiver using the IR receiver feature , so this works nice . However , even though the signal is now traveling through just one floor and to a TV set no more than 15 feet away from the transmitter , the picture quality is still somewhat snowy.So I am not too impressed with this device . I had to move the TV with the receiver rather close to the TV with the transmitter to get the sound quality to be acceptable , but the picture quality is still poor . The older TV I am using is one with a tube , and is not a LED or LCD flat screen TV so maybe this makes a difference . Maybe this device work better with newer flat screen TVs . I just know the picture quality is not that good on an older TV using a tube even when that TV is placed just 15 feet and one floor away . So I give this product a 2 star rating .
 Picture is clear but for the lines that roll up the screen . Hey maybe my home but moved room to room and tried different setups but never resolved issue . LOL even tried powering off other devices incase they were interfering to no avail.Would not recommend to friend
 Getting it out of the box and pluggin ` it is a breeze and works wonderful but only for a limited time . After a few days , it becomes completely inoperable , and useless . The problem is that one can not know if the problem is the receiver or the transmitter or the cables . However , I noticed the receiver getting very hot while the transmitter is just warm to the touch . I have returned two of them because of the same problem . There must be something wrong inside that deteriorates after a few days of use or may be due to the overheating of the receiver .
 Interference with my 5.8 GHZ phone and remote control would not work . I returned the product .
 I have satellite TV and thus a receiver box with a standard RCA jack type output plus an S-video output . No hi def yet , but I have TV 's in three locations and was paying for two receivers . With this unit hooked to the main unit , it broadcasts to a second television and even carries the stereo sound . Out of the box , cables included , set up time is minutes . You get a transmitter and a recever and an IR remote control repeater . I bought a second -LRB- extra -RRB- receiver for the third television . Works great , no interference from microwaves and other 2.4 mhz noise.Unfortunately , the IR repeater does not work dependably.Sometimes it repeats commands perfectly and other times it wo n't respond at all . BEWARE THE DISTRIBUTOR WILL NOT REPLACE A DEFECTIVE UNIT . Several phone calls to the customer service will get you a run around of `` try this , and then try that '' to stall you . I know the transmitter unit is defective but the receivers are fine , but they will NOT send a replacement transmitter . They actually expected me to send all 3 pieces -LRB- $ 200 worth -RRB- back to the factory to `` test '' them . This means I would be without the units for God knows how long , if ever . I suggest another brand of equipment .
 I could not get this product to work through a wood floor with carpet that was between the transmitter and receiver.I returned the unit for full credit which was issued in a timely manner .
 I bought this to replace a 2.4 GHz AV sender/receiver that I got from Radio Shack several years ago . The 2.4 GHz model works fine but does n't have an IR remote extender and also suffers interference from my microwave & cordless phone . I could n't get the RF Link unit to work - not even a snap or pop to indicate that the transmitter and receiver were communicating at all.I tested it out all of the 4 of the unit 's channels with two different remote TVs and even different RCA cables - no luck whatsoever , even when the transmitter & receiver were pointed directly at each other from 12 feet away with nothing in between . I suspect the transmitter or receiver was defective because I could get no transmission indication . Also , when I hooked up my 2.4 GHz system using the same cables & configuration -LRB- except for the fact that the 2.4 system requires use of a coax connection between the receiver & TV in addition to the composite RCA cables , whereas the RF Link receiver does n't have a coax connection -RRB- it worked fine.Neither the bare-bones product manual included with the system nor the manufacturer 's website contain troubleshooting suggestions and neither was at all helpful.On the plus side , it was very easy to return the item to Amazon for a refund .
 The RF-Link AVS-5811 does n't work as advertised . It would not hold a signal 15 feet through one interior wall in my house . The signal continually dropped on all 4 channels . I am returning it . I would rate this product as 0 -LRB- zero -RRB- stars but this system makes me rate it as 1 star .
 Product seemingly works great , however after a short period of time passes it completely stops . Changing the channel and unplugging it does n't seem to help . I have heard that overheating could be the cause of the problem , but I can not do anything to get it working properly . It may be the previous model and corrected now .
 Ordered the 5.8 GHZ unit to stay away from my wireless lan . However I have 5.8 GHZ phones at the house . Received exactly as ordered . Easy to install and setup . However , I am unpleased with the quality of the sound and especially the audio . Tried all 4 channels with minimal change . Clicking sounds in the audio every 2-3 seconds that drove me crazy . It is possible this is due to the phone system . My connection was no walls , 40 feet away direct line of sight . Video was also choppy by walking in front of the signal . I 've returned the unit and going to try the SLINGBOX network unit and see how that goes . Does not cost all that much more and can watch it directly on any PC .
 Unit worked OK for a few months then the IR mouse -LRB- remote extender -RRB- stopped working . They never responded to e-mails . They never answer the telephone . Their support forum is a joke - nothing but pages and pages of spam postings . This is clearly a company that does n't care about customers .
 Very very disappointed w / this item . First , the set up instructions are awful . The instructions go as far as plugging it in . There is nothing about channel or remote set up . Second , both the box and the Amazon description suggest that the signal can penetrate walls . It can not . The paperwork included with this pitiful item says , '' ... try to minimize obstacles -LRB- e.g. TV or other electornics , large furniture -RRB- where between the transmitter and receiver . '' In addition to poor editing of the document , one wonders , would you not consider a wall an obstacle . Regardless , this is a waste of time and money . I am returning my order .
 SOMEONE SWITCHED THE TRANSMITTER FOR A USED/NON WORKING ONE !! Recieved the 5811 Video extender yesterday . When I went to hook up the Transmitter , the packaging -LRB- not visible until removed from the box -RRB- was torn and not sealed like the rest of the components . The Transmitter had NO protective film over the IR receiver and . There were water marks and some soiled areas ... There were severe scratches -LRB- from hard cleaning -RRB- on the unit . RED FLAGS WENT UP!Since my Video System was torn apart to install this , I decided to try the Transmitter anyhow ... . Line Noise , Oscillations , Rastering , Drop Out and sound problems -LRB- to name a few -RRB- bwere what I got ! I 'm an Electrical Engineer and my set-up is correct . In fact I was replacing an older unit because I wanted the higher frequency to stop my TV from going ` NUTS ' when the cordless phone rang.In my opinion , someone at the supplier SWAPPED the Transmitter to replace a bad one that another customer returned , or it was a return that was n't inspected by the vendor . ! -LRB- Manufacturers DO N'T send USED equipment -RRB- . This is a warning about this supplier !!! This item was fulfilled by Amazon -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- and their customer service has sent me a prepaid return and hopefully will issue a timely credit .
 Transmission of sound and video was only clear when the transmitter and the receiver are 10 feet apart -LRB- with no physical barriers in between -RRB- . I tried connecting the receiver to a tv on the 2nd story and another occasion to a tv about 30 feet away with two walls in-between . For both instances , the noise reception was on and off , the video reception was blurry .
 I wanted to believe that some of the reviews I read about the RF-Link introducing static would n't be true for me . For my test setup I placed the transmitter and receiver less than 3 ' apart and immediately saw -LRB- or failed to see -RRB- dropped frames . This system would likely work fine for transmitting the signal from a security camera , but not for entertainment equipment.Thankfully , Amazon has a good return policy .
 could not get the transmitter to turn on . no red lights . . finally after much playing around i found that when the switch is turned on and pressed in with finger i get the red light to come on . . so for me to get the transmitter to work i have to put a piece of tape stretched tightly over the switch to keep it pressed in . . it does seem to be working from second floor though concrete to first floor . remote extender works well also . if it wasnt for the defective on-off switch i would rate it higher . .
 I seldom write a negative review unless I feel there is something compellingly wrong with s product . I have owned two sets of this product as well as an extra replacement transmitter . I previously recommended this product to a friend . The major attraction was the 5.8 Mhz instead of 2.4 Mhz frequency utilized . My experience was as follows.I have had two transmitters and one receiver fail . The two transmitters each got stuck on a single channel -LRB- you can select from 4 different channels -RRB- . The receiver lost audio on one side of the stereo outputs . All of these items failed after one year , but less than two years after purchase . I recently requested an RMA from RFLINK . Their response was a poorly worded email response that said the unit was out of warranty and that I should go to the RFLINK web site , select `` where to buy '' and buy a new unit . They absolutely offered no repair/replacement alternative . Just buy new.While a one year warranty is quite common . I do not believe anyone who purchases this item expects it to fail within two years.The friend I recommended this item to had his unit fail within one year . He did get a refurbished replacement from RFLINK.I recommend trying to use a competitive product even though they all seem to use the 2.4 Mhz range .
 I tested this unit at home over distances longer and through more walls than in the primary application -LRB- a church -RRB- . It worked well at home but when tested at the church I was unable to receive ANY signal , audio or video . I was confident that my home simulation was adequate , so trashed box and packing materials . Big mistake ! I suggest that you test these units in ALL aplication locations within the 30 day return period .
 I use this device to relay audio and video from my surveillance system in the basement to the TV in my family room . Do n't use it often and it serves it 's purpose , but it 's nowhere near as good as a physical A/V cable . The receiver and transmitter are only 30 feet apart -LRB- transmitting through walls and floor - but certainly in the stated range -RRB- and I get very annoying , intermittent static that would really prevent me from using this with any kind of continuous use like watching television or a movie . Switching channels does n't help . I ca n't tell if it 's a defect or interference but I am likely returning it .
 Purchased this unit to transmit TV signal from the second to a first floor . Signal gets transmitted however the quality is really poor . If somebody walk in the area close to sender or receiver , it results in a lot off noise to the TV signal . Every time I used this unit , I had to adjust antenna a little bit to get a better sound quality . In summary , better then nothing , but do n't expect this unit provide you stable and reliably signal .
 I received this item June 19 , 2011 . The setup was easy and the signal was great on all 4 channels . Yesterday , August 5 , it stopped working altogether . The signal broke up pretty badly for a couple of minutes and then it quit . No signal on any channel and no amount of adjustment brought helped in any way.Of course it is about 2 weeks past the return window with amazon . I have requested a refund anyway and we 'll see if amazon supports their customers . A $ 102.00 piece of electronic equipment should not be dead after a month of use.Save your money.Edited to add that amazon quickly agreed to make an exception to their return policy under the circumstances . So although the product I received is clearly defective , kudos to amazon for their professionalism .
 Based on the other reviews I purchased this unit to remotely control my DirecTV Tivo from the basement . With the sender and receiver separated by only eight feet and one floor , the unit works perfectly.The units would not operate , however , when separated by about 30 feet and going through three walls , even after much trial and error aligning of the antenna . Sometimes I could see parts of the picture and hear bits of sound , but the 30 feet was just too far for satisfactory results . I even tried different locations in case nearby electrical wiring might be causing the problem , but always the 30 feet and a couple of walls was just too far.So I can recommend this device only if your sending unit and receiving unit will be no more than 15-20 feet apart .
 This product worked as advertised except for a very loud burst of noise and blacking out of TV picture at random intervals , several times in an evening . I tried all four channels with the same result . This problem could have been with the product and not interference . The company did not respond to a description of this problem via their email .
 I purchaced this drive for two reasons . I needed an external writing drive for my laptop , and I wanted to transfer VHS tapes to DVD . As an external drive , it seems to be a solid , well-built -LRB- although slightly costly -RRB- drive . I was very disappointed at it 's ability to transfer VHS to DVD though . After installing the software and reading the manual , I found out that I needed to buy an additional video capture card . The really big problem there is that most cards on the market transfer analog video on your internal drive , making the external writer completely unnecessary . My advice would be to only buy this as a primary writing drive , of which there are equally good and less expensive models out there . If I had to do it over , that would have been my course .
 I 'm really trying to make it work with this burner . After hours and hours of attempted DVD-R burning with the 4x model and 10 + chat 's with Iomega support , the support team realized the problem might be my drive . I received the 8x model as a replacement and am having similar problems burning . I know it is not a machine specific problem since a TDK external drive burns no problem . I would never wish the amount of time I have wasted troubleshooting and $ $ 's spent on failed DVD-R burns on anyone .
 In spite of a product description that says the contrary , this product is NOT MAC COMPATIBLE . It will * NOT * burn DVD 's under OS-X . This straight from the mouth of Iomega tech support .
 This device was a major bust !!! Will NOT properly transfer any format data , music , video from a Win98SE to blanks then to WinXP MC2004 computer . Crashes computer and the included CD/DVD software willNOT work properly . Sonic CinePlayer froze computer up and would not load . Installation software changed config.sys / regedit/autoecec files to its own parameter and rendered my internal cr-rom drive inoperable . After 7 hours on non-toll free repair line with Iomega got that working but Sonic tech support could NOT fix freeze problem so I had to return it for full refund . Iomega is a piece of junk and its 3rd party software sucks !! Sabve your money go Sony or LaCie d2 !!
 I bought this and it did not work well at all . The picture would often distort and go completely out . I sent the units back and that was the last I heard of them . Company would not respond to calls . I never got them back . Absolutely no customer service .
 This device worked great for a short span of time -LRB- a few weeks -RRB- , then just stopped working . I returned it to Amazon and received a new replacement . It worked fine for a while , then stopped working . It 's a great idea , but very weak quality .
 This product would be great - if it worked.I bought this product and it worked great ... as advertised ... I loved it . Audio , video , IR -LRB- remote -RRB- worked and were clear . One morning , about 45 days after I bought it , it just stopped working . Assuming the problem was environmental , I had the unit extensively tested by an A/V pro . It was clearly the unit . So I contacted the manufacturer and sent it back . I had high hopes that I just got a lemon , and the next unit would be fine.The second unit failed within two days -LRB- different type of failures -RRB- . Again I had it checked out , and had the setup and placement checked thoroughly - I mean , what are the odds that two units would fail ? Once again , defective equipment , and once again I sent it back.Third unit lasted a couple of weeks - then failed.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . I have extensive A/V experience and love the idea of this product . Do n't buy a product that will fail in a couple of days or months . Find another solution .
 I gave it one star becasue I could n't choose zero stars.Worked fine for a few months . Then quit completely . See other reviews ...
 It says that it includes the receiver and the transmitter , while it only contains a receiver . I had to buy the transmitter separatelly and spend over $ 30 because of it . I have bought about 20 items from Amazon ove the past two years . I have sent them a emailed feedback about the misrepresentation from which I 've only had a generic response irrelevant to my the situation.I have never wrote a single review to them until now , as I was satisfied with past purchases
 I bought my first transmitter and receiver in 2009 . I since have bought two more receivers that worked beautifully . I still have a guest bedroom tv that does n't have one , and I have been unhooking and moving the receiver when needed . I finally decided to get another . It came today , no antenna , and no reception . I ended up trying it in every spot where I use the other ones , and I could not get a recognizable picture . I even moved a little tv to the same room the transmitter is , and 20 ft away , it could n't pick up the signal . I am returning it ... the first thing I 've ever returned to Amazon .
 Totally useless , this is the third AV signal sender I have owned . This unit can not send a signal without terrible breakdown in picture quality .
 The first pair I owned lasted quite a long time . Then failure started . I replaced the transmitter and it was Ok , then the receiver failed . I gave up and ordered a whole new set , per my last order and hope thtis will last me a long time . It is expensive to have to continue buying replacements .
 I really liked this unit -LRB- and its transmitter unit twin -RRB- , but only for as long as it actually worked . It works well sending signal from my TiVo in the living room to my office , where I have a TV monitor and the audio running through a decent sound system on the computer . I really like the capability to use the TiVo remote from the office . However , after a few months , both of the transmitter units I 've bought have died . -LRB- I 've bought full pairs both times . -RRB- I can still get audio , but the video feed is gone . I 'm to the point now where I 'm looking for alternatives .
 It works only some of the time . It 's totally unpredicable and the picture on the tv screen rolls quite a bit . Not recommended .
 I bought this as a replacement for a TERK that was n't giving me the picture quality that I wanted . What a mistake , and now I 'm out a restocking fee for it ! Instructions were a little on the thin side , and I was never able to get the unit to transmit a picture . After an hour of trying , I gave up , hooked my TERK back up and am happier for it . Do n't buy this product - it 's a waste of money .
 The ad and description clearly state that it includes both a receiver and transmitter . I received only a receiver . This is false advertising and is patently illegal . They ought to be ashamed of themrselves .
 Even when I placed the units inches apart with no obstructions , the audio quality was poor , with noticeable hum and hiss . I give it 2 stars because it did work , and I think it could be acceptable if you did n't care about fidelity , e.g. , for an intercom . But I doubt anyone would accept the performance I was getting for music .
 I had a 2.4 Ghz wireless set but it has a lot of interferences from the microwave oven so I decided to buy this one.When we talk about microwave oven interference , this 5.8 Ghz works well . Since we have a tv and a receiver in the kitchen , we can use the microwave oven and it does n't interfere at all with the TV signal transmitted from the living room , but the bad side is that its signal is interfered by any moviment in either the rooms , even if we are not in the direct signal way . If we move our arms , hands , head the image gets interference and the sound gets noise . We are strongly considering moving back to the 2.4 .
 Within six months , the IR capability on all three pairs that I purchased ceased working . Agree with the poor quality observations made by so many others about this product . Amazon should really think twice about carrying this product .
 I used this thing for about a month then I moved my tv and some went wrong I couldnt get anything out of it . I reconneded it several times and even put it in the same room as the transmitter with nothing to interfer and still nothing . this is just a peice of crap . I had a device similer to this years ago i got at radio shack and it worked great with through 3 walls and the pic was great this thing work for 2 weeks and just fised out and want work now . dont waste you money on this thing.so when it did work for those two weeks it was great .
 Forget about this video transmitter if you plan to use it behind a brick wall . It wo n't work even 15 feet apart .
 Unit just failed transmitting/receiving video in a year time . The audio is working but the video image kept rolling/blinking . I transferred the set to another cable box -LRB- I got two cable companies -RRB- and had exactly the same problem . The price is too high for a very short economic life of the equipment .
 This product is really hit or miss depending on your environment . In my home it did n't work well . I could get a scratchy picture and crackly sound . Slight movements to the antenna eliminated the signal completely . I returned it as unusable . I assume it might work OK if you were in the same room or a straight shot through a wall .
 Mine was working ok , over a 25 foot range . They had to see each other , and when people walked between them it fuzzed . After a few months it stopped working . Not completely , just was never really clear reception anymore , though the setup never changed . I tried different angles and view factors for weeks , then tossed them in the trash .
 This item worked for about a month and a half okay . I learned early on that every once in a while I would have to turn all units off and on to apparently reset the system . While this was inconvenient , I did n't mind the hassle in return for the convenience of having Tivo in all rooms I wanted.Over the last week , however . Now I get clear picture for about 15 minutes til I get lines and a buzz in the sound . It is very annoying . So I repeatedly get up to turn on and off both the receiver and the transmitter . 15 minutes later I am doing ti again . For the last 3 days . Tonight the reset routine has stopped working and suddenly the remote feature has completly stopped working.This item is n't worth the cost at all . This should be sold at $ 20 a unit due to the fact that it only works for a little while , according to my experience and apparently many others if you read other reviews . I am sure that I would have just been better off buying separate DVR Tivo receivers for my rooms . It would have been at least more reliable . Oh well . No one is forcing companies to provide quality.Just another rip off.Stay away . do n't bother . too much money for the hassle . Does n't WORK !
 I received this item and it proved to be defective . I have returned the original item and Amazon has been promising me that they would ship the replacement for over a month now but has failed to make any of their estimated ship dates . Right now I am looking for another source and about to cancel the order .
 Junk . Useless . The cord rewind broke the first day.It cost more to have it shipped to me on the initial purchase than this piece of junk was worth.Never again . Stay away from these rude people .
 This item quickly retracted the telephone cord , but it caused so much static it was completely unusable . The static was a problem with even the slightest movement while talking on the phone .
 I found these speakers just to small for my use . I have a pair of KLH 's 98b 's 2 way and I like them very much . The Twistables are just to small and ca n't put out enough sound to keep up with my other KLH 's . I used the twistables as replacements for a pair of 6 '' two way AR 's and the twistables just ca n't create the same sound filed that 's needed in my surround setup . They can be driven very hard as the main pair . I will order another pair ...
 Things I liked : Good size , appearance , documentation , runs quiet , cheap price.Problems :1 . If you have more than one hard drive to back up and expect to back up everything with the One Touch button , think again . You can only designate one source drive in the One Touch setup window . You can back up multiple drives with a manual or scheduled backup but not with the One Touch Button .2 . I did a manual backup with verification . Performance was slower than I expected . -LRB- Dell Dimension 4100 , P3 800 , 512 RAM , 60 + 80 GB HDs . -RRB- -LSB- This is a USB drive , though the product description says USB + Fireware . There is no Firewire port on the drive . -RSB- After the backup completed I started getting Pagefile I/O erros during verification . I canceled the job but then could not access the drive until I rebooted . Tested several times with the same results . Backups were fine . I could open and read all tested files in the backup set .3 . Unsatisfactory Tech SupportPhones are only open 8 to 5 Mountain Time , M-F . Some people got ta work , so I emailed support . The answer came on the second morning - about 40 hours . Gave an inadequate answer to my first question and completely ignored my second problem.Bottom Line
 This product appears to be firewire and usb . I even went as far as looking up the model number on the Maxtor web site and speaking with an Amazon staffer over the phone before buying . Everything pointed to this being a Firewire drive but when it arrived THERE WAS NO FIREWIRE PORT ON THIS DRIVE !!!! Do not be fooled by the Technical info on this product like I was .
 I bought one of these and used it as extra storage for about 6 months before it died . Maxtor shipped me a replacement that has lasted about 3 months . Now it too has died . Do n't trust your data to Maxtor . Their products are awful .
 I purchased two of these batteries - one about a month ago and another two weeks later . I chose `` Digipower '' as a replacement battery for my Canon camera because of its high rating for a knock-off battery - many of the replacement batteries for Canon cameras are rated at Amazon to be totally erratic or non-functional . Digipower gets good ratings across the board at Amazon . The first one was purchased directly from Amazon , arrived quickly and works quite well . The second battery was purchased as a `` Digipower '' from `` Accessory Genie '' -LRB- an Amazon seller -RRB- . What I got was a knock off battery -LRB- not Digipower -RRB- . I guess that would be a knock off of a knock off.I do not like Amazon sellers that just send you something `` similar '' rather than the exact item you purchased . When buying directly from Amazon - you get stellar sales performance - what you buy is what you get almost 100 % of the time . I have shopped extensively here for over 12 years - and Amazon always comes through . I have had this happen with other inexpensive items through Amazon sellers - you get whatever they want to send you which is n't always what is actually advertised . It 's close , but not the same . Sometimes it 's not even close . Of course there is no way to complain to Amazon - just to the seller . You waste lots of time getting your few dollars back . I suspect that most people just let it get by.I posted a somewhat negative review for Accessory Genie for my purchase as I was n't going to waste my time and money returning an inexpensive battery and just call it a loss . I wanted to take a moment to add my experience to the record . I have since received two phone calls and an e-mail from Accessory Genie in the space of two days . I find this intrusive and annoying . I did not ask to be contacted , and I feel that this behavior is an invasion of my privacy . My phone number and e-mail address is for Amazon billing , and I do not appreciate them being given to third parties who seem to have no concept of proper use of this information . The ratings process is , after all , supposed to rate the seller 's performance - not serve as a customer service venue . If Accessory Genie had just left me alone - then I would not seen fit to write this review . Most notable is that Accessory Genie -LRB- at the time of writing this -RRB- does not list as a seller of Digipower BP-CN4L batteries any longer . I must only suspect that they never sold them in the first place.The bottom line is that if you want something and want to be sure of what you are getting , buy it from Amazon - they are the best in the business of retail . If you want the `` e-bay like '' risk of ordering and wondering what you will receive - then order from a 3rd party seller .
 the batteries that arrived are NOT as pictured . They do NOT say anything abt Digipower on them , just `` digital '' . They do NOT hold a charge and I think were a total waste of money . No wonder they are so cheap ; you are paying for nothing .
 I bought this battery as a package deal with my cannon camera thru amazon and the battery does NOT fit in the charger , therefore it can not be charged . I had a very important event coming up and was depending on the extra battery and now I do not have one .
 I purchased this battery for my Cannon Powershot SD770IS . It was to big and would not fit . Very disapointed !
 Do n't order this if you want to have the actual Digipower replacement battery . I received some knock-off , no-name battery ... not at all what they show or describe . Seems like Amazon ought to do something about these businesses that do n't send what the customer thinks they are ordering ... does n't make Amazon look very good .
 I was shipped the wrong item and was told that the item advertised was a mistake made by amazon and that they would not honor the advertisement and now I 'm left without a car stereo and am being given the run around by unbeatable sales customer service .
 This part arrived quickly from the seller but was unusable . There were visible manufacturing defects in both inputs -LRB- female 3.5 stereo jacks -RRB- and despite this I attempted to insert male audio jacks to no avail . I tried 2 different jacks and even with significant force was not able insert the male ends more than a third of the way in -LRB- not even close to making the necessary contacts to function -RRB- . It is now in the trash can .
 So , I will keep it really simple . It took a long time to reach me -LRB- probably from because it is just not `` Made in China '' its also `` Shipped from China '' -RRB- . . then when I plugged I can only hear one side of my headphone speaker.I would suggest you not to waste your time and even a penny on this POS . As per the positive reviews I think either they are fake or those customers are lucky to have received a good working piece .
 The connector did not meet expectations
 The connection goes bad about once a day . That said , if you just fiddle with it for a second , the problem is fixed for another day . And it was only $ 1 including shipping . For my purposes , this is fine , but if you like things to work 100 % of the time , do n't buy this .
 Either it 's mono and transfers all the input to the left speaker , or I just received a faulty one . Either way , would n't recommend the product .
 The quality of this coupler is absolutely terrible . The connection is inconsistent and sound output varies from one channel to static to no audio whatsoever . Rotating/tilting sometimes helps , but not always . Highly annoying . Without this coupler , my source and receiver are fine ; the coupler is the culprit.Find another coupler .
 The build quality of this coupler is poor . The internal connectors do n't firmly grip the plug when inserted , leading to intermittent dropouts whenever the cable is touched or twisted . I would n't buy this product again .
 This item was advertised as `` 90 times faster '' . Of course it did n't say faster than what , but it is not faster than any other flash drive made and sold by Verbatim and it is priced MUCH higher than the red Store N Go series . The packaging is a cheap brittle blue plastic rather than the rugged metal construction used on the red Store N Go series . It does have one redeeming feature if you are a techie doing troubleshooting . When the unit is plugged into a USB 1 connection the LED flashes red and when it is plugged into a USB 2 connection the LED flashes blue thereby providing a transfer rate measuring tool .
 I had mine for about 90 days before it broke . I used it about 5 times . I was slicing vegtables for maybe 10 minutes and after I turned it off on one bunch it never came back on . I took it apart and looked inside and the motor was very small . I am assuming it overheated like I have had happen with cheap 10 $ blenders and the motor burned out , so I think it was poorly made and looking at the tiny motor and heap of plastic , probably 200 % of what retail SHOULD be . I paid 40 $ for this , I am not happy , I did n't register a warranty and do n't see how I would keep trusting this company unless they offer to replace it when I call . Before it broke , it was a wonderful product and I am sad it seems like they have a monopoly on this design .
 I have owned three of these now , and I can not honestly recommend that you buy one unless you are not going to use it for anything but cole slaw . We used ours for a lot of things , but mainly large grated cheddar cheese projects . The first one held up for a fairly long time , and then the grater cone broke . We ordered another one , and then the motor burned out . We bought another , and the gears broke just after the warranty was up . We bought another because there was really nothing like the salad shooter , and the gears disintegrated just after the warranty was up again . I will never buy another . I think they have engineered it perfectly from a marketing perspective , so that it breaks just after the warranty is up . I know from studying quality management that this is more and more a common practice , and with today 's statistical computer programs and engineering , quite easy to do .
 We bought this when our standard size salad shooter finally broke . We had hoped this ` Pro ' model would fuction like the standard size , but be sturdier and made better . We were wrong . The ` Pro ' model is the same plastic quality as the standard model , just bigger . In this case ` Bigger ' is ` Worse ' . It takes more room to store the tool ; it is noiser , and , being bigger , there is more room in the shredder and the shredder feed for whatever you are shredding to get stuck , and hence , wasted . On the noise side , it is in the category of ` power tool ' - not as loud as a skilsaw , but louder than a sabre saw , for example . This is a tool I regret buying and I will replace it soon - even before it breaks .
 FOLLOW UP
 If I had n't already been using a full food processor to prepare salads , I might have liked this . It DOES make nice &#34; wavy cut &#34; cucumbers -LRB- as my grand kids call them -RRB- . And it DOES a great job of grating raw cauliflower -LRB- the output looks just like white cheese gratings . -RRB- BUT , it also mangles salad onions , and takes way longer to do things than does the food processor . The big problem with the Shooter is that it rotates too slow for anything like lettuce . The output clogs up . Just not what I hoped for .
 This sounds like a freight train . I think i got ripped off . I used to have one I loved so ordered this one , wish I would n't have !
 We used it about 5 times and are not satisfied . It takes up a lot of space and does not stay together when assembled . Not a well engineered product . We are now in the market for something that works .
 I purchased the salad shooter primarily to shred lettuce . The lettuce becomes mushy even when fresh lettuce is used . I have returned to shredding the lettuce with my hands and a knife . I also found that it did not work well for celery as it clogs up and does not always give nice slices .
 Expected better performance from this product . When slicing celery , half the stalk wraps around the outside of the slicer . The same thing happens with onions , seems to slice the inner part of the onion fine but the outer portion wraps around the outside of the slicer and I have to take the think apart and pull the pieces out before I can proceed with anything else . Works fine with vegetables like zuccini , squash and potatoes . But I purchased it so that I would n't have to do all the slicing and chopping to prepare salads so I am disappointed .
 While the Presto 02970 is functionally well engineered , but the plastic material used absorbs food colors . For example , if you shred carrots , expect the unit to become dyed orange . 15 minutes of scrubbing with electric dishwasher powder and clorox was needed to clean it . And a trace of color steadfastly remains in the plastic . I can not accept this major defect and misleading description on this website . Clean cooking tools are mandatory.I am going to a full stainless steel unit made by a different company . I have better things to do than scrub and clean .
 Basically , this unit is a slicer/shredder with no hopper . It works well for carrots and hard vegetables . It makes a mess of mushrooms , onions , squash , spring onions , and lettuce . Just get a food processor . Forget this thing .
 I had a regular Salad SHooter for 20 years , and used it EXCLUSIVELY for grating cheese , since the opening to put food through the device was quite small . When it finally broke , I bought the Pro version because it looked like it had a much larger opening . Well , they say it will cut potatos , either in slices or crinkle cut . But you still have to cut the potato in half , so the chips you create are too small , in too thin . I just do n't think there are enough uses , even for the larger food opening to make it worthwhile for most cooks . Unless you 're making a salad for a dozen people , why pull out this machine to slice up 2 or three inches of a cucumber , or carrots.THe device still is great for shredding cheese , but not enough real world uses .
 This device does what it says . It shoots salad well but it sounds like a jet engine . If you like a quiet kitchen , this engine will not fit well in your yours .
 The hole to place the fruits or veggies is too small . Returned right after purchase .
 Husband purchased the professional to replace the smaller one I had worn out . I ca n't begin to say how disappointed I am with it . First it is so much bigger it 's awkward , cumbersome and too heavy . Second I like to grate chocolate for my hot cocoa mix . The grate blade teeth are so far apart it takes a whole lot more revolutions to get the job done of the smaller ones . It did n't do any better on cheese . Same issue with the slicing blades . The cone thing is a nuisance . The motor smells the whole time it 's on . I only wish I still had the packaging to ship it back . What a waste of money !
 I bought this in early July and was very excited . But it 's not that impressive once you start to use . It 's been giving very irritating squeaky noise . Initially I thought it may go away once I use it for some time . It has n't yet . Probably it 's a defective one.Second complaint is that the vegetable stains do n't go away like the other cheap plastic graters , especially carrot stain.It 's not easy to get the grated veges from the cone where it 's collected.Have to give a lot of pressure to great baby carrots or potatoes . I am not even sure whether you can actually shred cabbage.Since I waited for more than a month I am unable to return for a full refund in Amazon . When I contacted Presto , they mentioned as they can do a replacement or repair as it has 1 year warranty but I have to pay for the shipping which costs $ 20 . Macy 's had the similar Presto with two blades which is more than enough for a kitchen for just $ 25 , and very easy 90 days return policy . I 'll never buy electrical goods or electronics from Amazon again !
 The proper power supply was not mentioned on the package especially if the item shipped internationally . Because the electric current is different from U.S.A , In the USA they use 110 Volts but in my country they use 220 Volts . So i could n't realize that before i use this item . I connected directly to 220 Volts which higher than the required . So please all information has to be given in the product details .
 The Shredder attachment is making long flat spaghetti like piecesI was expected short shredded onesI guess I will continue use my old hand shredder
 I have no complaints about the Presto Salad shooter , but the company that shipped it sent me a repackaged item that contained a part broken in three places . It almost looked like somebody ordered a new one just for the attachment ring -LRB- which was the part that broke on my old salad shooter -RRB- and just switched out the broken part for the new one and returned it . Poor quality assurance on the company 's part . I was very disappointed . I have reordered a new one through WalMart . I love having a salad shooter during the holidays . It makes grating carrots and cheese a breeze .
 Completely a waste of you hard earned money . Does very little of what is promised . Save it and buy a good knife or mandolin .
 This product was not what I expected . I wanted something to chop up salad for large groups , but I can chop the lettuce by hand quicker than I can get the salad shooter to do it . I use my food processor for the carrots , etc. ... I will be returning to Goodmans . As far as delivery , it was slow .
 This device does not work with 220V . A voltage transformer must be purchased if ordering from 220V Countries.My Presto device burst with sparks and was about to fire up when I switched it on in Singapore.More information on this issue please , both Presto and Amazon!You guys place these items on the global market
 My mom bought this under my name and she is almost 70 and it is very hard for her to use . She wants to return it .
 This unit came fitted with a US 2-pin plug . Normally domestic appliances exported to the UK have dual 120/240 voltage and you just need to flick a switch and then plug them into the UK 's 240v supply via a converter . If I had done this then it would probably have exploded . Why ? Because the appliance can only be used with a 120 volt supply , so in order to use it in the UK you also need to buy a step-down transformer . Does it tell you this on the Amazon.com website ? No.So now I have got to buy a transformer , but which one ? There are dozens of them.You would think that a company that calls itself `` Amazon EXPORT Sales '' would be aware that countries outside the US use different voltages , and would make sure that overseas customers have all the information they need in order to complete a satisfactory purchase . Aparently not.To-date my dealings with Amazon have always been excellent , but on this occasion I feel badly let down . I was looking forward to using the Presto Professional Salad Shooter , but until I find the right transformer then I can not do so.As for Presto ... if they sell through Amazon then inevitably they are going to get export sales , so they need to make their product export-friendly - otherwise they are going to be up to their ears in returned products with burnt-out electric motors .
 I bought it in November for Thanksgiving , and it was amazing . I was so impressed that it allowed me to make some salad in 3 minutes so I recommended it to many of my friends . However , last night I wanted to make some cucumber salad and that was only the second time I used this salad shooter , but the power switch did n't work , maybe it got stuck or something . I liked it so much I thought I should n't give up so easily , well , this morning I tried it again , and went through the instructions book and still could n't figure out why it does n't work anymore . I 'm so sad that I have to return it , :-LRB- it still looks brand new , but just does n't work .
 I have the smaller Presto Salad Shooter and LOVE IT !! Bought this larger one thinking it would be better and have a larger capacity . WRONG !! I do n't know if I just got a bad one or what . But the main thing I like to make is cole slaw with the shredder cone on my smaller Presto , well this one DOES NOT shred cabbage . It seems to have less blades on the shredder cone than the one from the smaller Presto . Do n't know if that 's the problem or what , but cabbage just hung up in chamber .
 The cones are sharp with many to choose from . The locking part of the 2 part pusher is annoying . Some food slices can get stuck in between parts without being ejected nearly wrecking the tool . My comparison to a popular stand mixer attachment this portable product is difficult to use and underpowered . Its past the return policy and I 'll just use it for softer veggies and maybe try some chilled cheese grating . The plastic stains gross with carrots . Otherwise the product is good and functional if you have nothing to compare it to .
 Although I use a salad shooter daily and love it 's performance , this model is too large and too noisy . I wished www.amazon.com would include the extra blades with the smaller Presto Salad Shooter/Slicer # 02910 .
 I should have listened to other reviewers . Celery is a mess with no `` pretty '' pieces coming out . . at all . Even with the thickest slicing tool they got mangled . Romaine lettuce came out `` pre-chewed '' ... not attractive . Even carrots did not come out as expected ... thought medallions ... got random . Will most likely only use this for soups or stews ... . if at all .
 does not lock at times . material stays in cone clogs uphad standard model for years had great experience was thereason for buying pro model very much a bad choicemac
 Do not really like this product . It pretty much grinds everything up , not really slicing . Should have sent back but time got away from me to do so .
 Not Sharp !!! It is just not sharp enough for cutting . Really not sure why.There is really not much more to say about this.Was very disappointed .
 I had the old salad shooter years ago and loved it . So since it has been long gone I had wanted another for years and finally decided to get another one . So I chose the professional series one . I am not sure if the blades are not sharp enough or what but it does n't slice very well . I tried both sets that came with it and got the same results , roughly sliced . The veges were fresh too ! So everything that comes out is n't cut nicely , but very roughly which leads me to beleive the blades are dull and not sharp enough to cut the veges right , so I threw it in the garage where all my unwanted items go ! I 'll just use my good ole knife as I always have.I do n't recommend buying this unit as you to will probably find the same results .
 This had so many good reviews . When I used mine all it did was shred my vegetables to pieces . I expected it to slice things not chew them up . Any suggestion would be welcome but I do n't know what I can be doing wrong .
 I used it on cheese it was soft cheese -LRB- cheddar -RRB- . The block was less then have the thickness of the entry hole and this one may be defective but it locks up and screams with almost no pressure on it trying to get it to grate . If you do n't go very slowly it will lock up entirely and you have to turn it off . It is extremely loud and makes the most awful shrieks .
 I had a smaller version of this over the past years . I decided to go with the professional on this time , and am very happy . I use this shredder on a regular basis . It makes my job so much easier and clean up is a breeze .
 It did n't Shoot - but instead , the salad stuff just built up on the inside . I returned this product and am using my Cuisinart instead .
 i did not expect it ti arrive late as it originally stated it would be with me before Christmas then when it did arrive it has an american plug on it so have not used it yet . Could not cancel purchase either as it said once payment has gone can not stop it or change it ... will think hard before buying anything else from you ...
 What a great machine , saves times and beats grating with your fingers . smooth action with choices of blades , great with hard foods . plus electric .
 I hope this is recyclable , but it went straight to the recycling bin after trying to use it the first few times . Even the cleaning service personnel did not want it after they witnessed it 's poor performance . It is like something you would get from a bad 70 's infomercial . Save your money !
 This salad shooter thing was terrible ! I tried it and it took me longer to make the salad with that then it would have without it . You can only cut certain types of vegetables and fruit and 1/2 of what you cut gets stuck inside the machine . When I went to clean it , 1/2 my salad was in the machine and was wasted . It also made a funny burning smell when I put something in to cut . I would not suggest this to anyone . If you did n't return it you would put it in the back of a closet and throw out in a few years .
 THIS WAS THE MOST REGRETING PURCHASE I HAVE EVER BOUGHT ! IT WONT CUT RIGHT , YOU CANT CUT ONIONS OR TOMATOS ! IT COMES OUT MUSHY !
 I 've had over the last 15 years the now extinct Chipper.It has been very adequate . Sliced thin chips and shred all cheeses . Time caught up with 2nd unit . I decided to buy the Pro unit to fill our needs . Definitely faster and stronger . Cones supplied do not have thin slice available . I have two sets of thin slice cones from the Chipper.Modified the shaft to shorter length . Now works with this new unit.Expect lots of service life in this metal gear unit . If you become depend on these gizmos , this will keep you going . Would buy again in a flash .
 VERY UNHAPPY ABOUT THE PRODUCT . I HATE IT . IT DOES N'T WORK WELL AT ALL . DO N'T BUY IT
 They told Me it was one thing but ended up being something entirely different . The product did come in a timely fashion if that helps .
 The picture shows a cable with individual SC connectors , I do n't know what the connector is called that I received , but it is not as the picture depicts ...
 I have ordered several of these adapters and it seems Cables Online is selling a cheap duplicate of the CABLES TO GO adapter.This product is great as long as you get what you order however unless it comes in a CBLES TO GO bag part number 27314 you may find you are getting a cable which may not be of the same quality and you will get a cheaper connector set as well as a finer gauge wire .
 I have to admit that these speakers sound great , especially for their size . However , batteries only last a couple of hours . I had ordered these for my computer system at work . So , I searched for the AC adapter , and it has been discontinued . And , even when it was available , it was $ 29.99 ! Almost as much as the speakers ! Sometimes it gets frustrating that Sony makes all their adapters proprietary , so that universal adapters wo n't work .
 Sound quality is pretty good . The design is unacceptable imo . Battery door keeps popping open . There 's no place for the wire to retract when not in use . It takes 4 AA batteries and it should be bundled with an AC adaptor .
 Loved these speakers while they lasted , although they did really eat up the batteries . The sound was excellent for such a small unit . The problem is that the lone wire -LRB- connector -RRB- developed a loose wire or some other circuit malfunction so that now the speakers are useless . When I attach them to my mp3 player I get constant static and the sound breaks up . I tried several other mp3 players . The result was the same . Too bad .
 I have 13 of these that I 'm responsible for . They are , at best , functional , and at worst extremely problematic . I have had webview interface issues with about half of them , at least 2 of the 13 have GBIC issues . And several of them need to be restarted at least once every 6 weeks to keep them operating at peak efficiency.On the plus side , they 're fast , they 're cheap and they 're POE seems to work quite well . They are relatively easy to use . But the problems I 've had with them are so frustrating , I 'll NEVER buy another Cisco small business switch again .
 I purchased this as a TV I could program to record shows , but found out that programming it is a little cumbersome - really should n't have to take that much effort and the quality of the recording is pretty poor . I am not an electronics snob , so I really was n't expecting much - but this product could n't even meet my low expectations .
 I bought this set for my husband 's shop and he is the only person to use it . Two days ago the DVD player stopped dead . We used the cleaner and it worked fine with that . We played a CD on it and that worked fine but the DVD will not work and it will cost us almost 2/3 of the purchase price to see if we can get it repaired . I am very disappointed in this item . It is the second Toshiba DVD player that has stopped working with no warning . I wo n't be buying this brand again .
 I initially purchased two units . One failed intermittently and the other failed completely . I returned the one and received a new one from the factory . It failed within a week . Additionally , the one that failed intermittently has rolled over for good.The failure of all three was the power . They would all shut off immediately after they were turned on ... within a second or two .
 good things : its lightweight , ------ thin , ---------- capable of recording many short or long messages . -------- volume control has good range of levels . -------- read-out has large numbers and handy information -------- easy to use and understand -------- external mic can be added -------- plug for device to hook up to phone and record telephone conversations . -- -------------------------------- negative things
 Truly poor sound quality , inconvenient controls and low-end materials made this a regrettable choice .
 Truly poor sound quality , inconvenient controls and low-end materials made this a regrettable choice .
 I just wanted to use this for personal memos , so I 'd have some way to keep track of things I think of while driving . I had real trouble working the controls , & the front ends of memos were consistently clipped . The voice activation feature just moves the -LRB- clipped -RRB- words forward in the memo ; the dead air is still in the memo taking up memory at the end . I had so much trouble getting this thing to turn on and off when I wanted it to , and in understanding my memos when I played them back , that I gave up on it .
 My first unit died in 2 weeks when the DVD player door would not close . The replacement unit has now died 5 months later exactly as stated in a couple of the other reviews -LRB- power problem -RRB-
 I like the price and size , but after only four months , the DVD was n't working and I had to bring it to a technician , that took over a month to fix it . Even with the warranty , it still cost almost $ 100 to fix . I could have bought a new one !!
 Bought one unit and it failed after a week of use ; power problem . I tried it in different outlets and even on a surge protector , but it kept shutting off on its own . I returned it and bought another one , hoping for better luck . Same problem just happened with this TV . I 'm not going back to get another Toshiba TV , and you should n't either .
 We 've had the 13 '' Toshiba TV/DVD combo for 8 months and we are having the same power problem that other reviewers have had . I noticed the last time the television worked , the DVD had a hang time . It completely stopped working the next time we tried turning it on . The light comes on for about one second and then shuts off . If you do n't mind spending about $ 175.00 for a television that wo n't work in a year , this is the TV for you .
 I purchased the TV-DVD combo unit for use in the kitchen and was initially very pleased with it . However , shortly after the warranty expired -LRB- 90 days -RRB- , the unit failed to power on correctly . Push the power button ... little flicker ... nothing . I thought Toshiba was supposed to be a respectable brand . The repair shop I talked with suggested that I donate it to a school that teaches electronics repair .
 Like many other people who purchased this tv combo , the unit failed after the first 3 months . And would you know it the warranty did too . When I took it to get fixed the repair shop said they knew exactly what was wrong because the had 17 of the same model being worked on for the same thing . Approximately 6 months after I got it repaired , it is broke again and will not stay on . Stay away from this product , we will be very disappointed .
 After owning this TV/DVD player for three months it has broken down repeatedly and I 'm going to be charged $ 95 to take it to a technician . Do n't bother .
 I thought I was going crazy ... but now I know.I had one for about a year and a half when it went dead with similar power problems . I went and bought another thinking it was an issue with the power in our guest room . The second -LRB- later model -RRB- lasted just a few months ! What a waste . Toshiba will be loosing a lot of loayal cutomers .
 My review will continue along the same vien as the rest
 Nice TV for 5 months . It then developed power problems and the warranty only covers parts after 3 months . I would need to pay $ 80 just to have a technician look at it . Extremely disappointed !
 One year ago I purchased two Toshiba T.V. / DVD Combo 's . The 13 '' was for my kitchen and the 20 '' for my grandsons to use with their Gamecube and be able to enjoy watching selected DVD 's . In one year both T.V. 's absolutely shut down . There was no power to either of the T.V. 's . I tried everything including contacting Toshiba with no luck . I was told to take the units to a repair shop , of course with no warranty what so ever . I know the cable did not have a surge to fry these units because my old Phillips was on the same line and is still doing great . These T.V. 's were each on separate lines for electricity , one in the kitchen and one in the guest bedroom . Toshiba use to be a great product . NO MORE . THEY ARE JUNK .
 I am having the same power problems . I called Toshiba , spent 20 mins on hold then was transferred to someone else only to have my call dropped without speaking to anyone about my TV . I called back and spent about another 15 mins on hold before speaking to someone who told me it was probably the powerboard . The part alone costs over 100 $ . This TV is not even worth fixing . The Toshiba company has poor customer service and I will NEVER but Toshiba anything ever again !
 TV worked OK for a couple months . Then no picture . Took it back to Best Buy . They told me that I would have to contact the manufacturer Toshiba . Called customer service for Toshiba . They kept me on hold for 20 minutes . The routed me to another line ... waited another 20 minutes . They told me that the parts warranty would be covered but not the labor which I latter came to learn would be $ 75.00 and NOT COVERED ! . What a lousy product and Toshiba should be ashamed of this sham sale to the public.Best Buy should not carry this product or company line of product . Judging from previous complaints a consumer group should investigate Toshiba products and Best Buy sales to the public !
 THE PREVIOUS REVIEW OF & quot ; TERRIBLE & quot ; DATED DECEMBER 1 GIVES ME ADDED FAITH IN A COMPANY WILLING TO HEAR BAD NEWS AS WELL AS ACCOLADES AND THEN LET THE PUBLIC KNOW .
 I wanted a basic memo voice recorder to give as a gift . This was the cheapest one I could find that had a decent amount of features . But , it somewhat shows how cheap it is ... The size of this recorder -LRB- according to the specs -RRB- appears to be about the same as other competing units , but it is actually a little bigger than it should be . If it was about an inch shorter , it would fit better in your hand . The recording quality is a little scratchy , but my main complaint is that it does n't play loud enough to hear it without turning up the volume so much that its audio quality is very scratchy.Another problem is it makes clicking sounds through the speaker when buttons are pressed or options are changed . I would only recommend this recorder for very limited voice memo activities and when you are looking for a cheaper device .
 I had bought this unit somewhere else , and the next day it went right back . VOX did not work as described , and the sound quality was worse than the worst worn-out micro tape unit I have ever had the displeasure to listen to . In the electronics world , the word `` digital '' implies pristine , crisp sound , yet this unit not only plays back as if you spoke through a folded towel , it also swallows entire syllables . Makes me shy away from other Memorex products . I 'm amazed they even put such a stinker on the market .
 Okay this is a `` value '' priced digital recorder . It does largely perform as advertised . The problem is that if you really need a digital recorder , than you will need a better model than this . Otherwise you will find you use this a few times and than it sits in a drawer . Save your bucks and buy something you really need .
 I 'm not happy with this reciever at all , Even with the HDMI cables you still have to hook up audio cables to get sound from each device you hook up . Also you have to have the reciever on anytime you have your tv on , you can not watch and hear your TV while listening to say a CD at the same time .
 Poorly constructed and did not work on my Nikon D60 . Quite simply , the camera would not focus with the teleconverter attached . I purchased the teleconverter to take ` up close ' pictures of California 's Sea Otters and Elephant Seals ... wanted to pitch it in the ocean as my camera kept zooming in and out trying to find a focal point ... and instead , returned the product for a refund .
 I 've never had a deep fryer before , and the one my mother had had a lid on it while it was cooking . The storage lid for this one is made of very soft plastic ... part of it melted yesterday just from close proximity to a stove burner . But it was still usable ... until today , when I plugged the fryer in to re-heat it and the whole lid melted into the oil . -LRB- Yes , I did read the manual and knew better , but sometimes I 'm just not that good at remembering things . -RRB- I 'm not sure now whether it will be usable after I clean it out , might be . But honestly , this is n't safe if you are even slightly absent-minded . -LSB- ... -RSB- I admit , the price is good . Unless it only lasts a week .
 I bought this thing thinking believing others that the auto temp setting was smart . It is most certainly not . I use the recommended amount of oil and then I watch the temp creep all the way up just under 410 . I 've used three thermometers just to be sure.Then even after putting in almost 3lbs of chicken the temp drops a bit but very quickly jumps right back up to 400 . Everything burns in this thing unless you watch it . It gets so hot that the oil winds up being trashed after one use.I 've called Presto about it and their only response is that `` the oil temp will top out at 385 '' . The only way to work with this thing is to keep plugging and unplugging it to try to keep the temp near 350 . And if you want to fry fish or shrimp then you better be very quick on plug work.Very disappointed in this thing .
 I am disappointed with the cooking results of my new Presto GrandPappy deep fryer . With several trials attempting to deep-fry chicken , the results were unsatisfactory . Using chicken at room temperature , breading it , and slipping it into the GrandPappy , I found that when the coating reached a pleasing golden brown , the meat was not thoroughly cooked . When leaving the chicken in the pot long enough to be done , the breading burned -- not at all tasty.The GrandPappy is a plug-and-play product without temperature control . The oil gets very hot , too hot . My candy thermometer revealed the oil temperature resides at 380 degrees . The recommended oil temperature for deep frying chicken is 365 degrees , explaining why the outside of the chicken is done well in advance of the inside.I would not recommend this product .
 I was excited to get this product . I deep fry quite a few things on the stove top and I was looking for something more portable -LRB- use it outside -RRB- and convenient . While this GranPappy Electric Deep Fryer certainly is portable , it is not convenient . I was hesitant to purchase a fryer that was lacking temperature controls , but after reading dozens of reviews of other items it seemed that practically every fryer out there with temperature controls was not able to achieve decent cooking temperature -LRB- most reviews said products would only get to 320F no matter how high you set the controls -RRB- . While this fryer has no control , it does state that it `` keeps oil at optimum temperature automatically '' . For most of my frying applications this would be between 350F and 375F . If you 've ever done much frying you know anything under 330F gets soggy with grease , and over 380F will burn the outside batter while leaving the center uncooked . After reading multiple positive reviews about this product I found people stating it topped out at 385F . . for some people wanting to fry whole chicken breasts this was absolutely too hot , although I fry mostly small things . While 385F is on the hot side of where I would like it to be , it would certainly work for the majority of things I wanted to use it for.Well , upon receiving the product I was excited to put it to use . It was packaged well and shipped quickly . I gave it a quick rinse , filled it to the line with peanut oil and plugged it in . I figured it would take some time to heat up , so I let it sit until I could hear the internal temperature control mechanism click off . Then I grabbed my digital candy thermometer to check the temperature before putting anything in it . It my disappointment the temperature of the oil was 420F right off the bat . I stirred the oil around and it remained at 420F , slowly dropping to 415F before I heard the heating element switch back on and promptly kick it back up to 420F . This is absolutely too hot to effectively fry anything . I went ahead and unplugged it , waited for the temperature to drop to 370F , and cooked my corn dogs , watching the thermometer closely and plugging and unplugging the unit continually to maintain a reasonable cooking temperature.I have better control on my electric stove top -LRB- which is sad -RRB- . I would not recommend this product to anyone wanting a deep fryer , and after contacting Presto , I am afraid I will have to return it and ask for a refund .
 We had a granpappy fryer for 25 years & wore it out . This new one did not heat up to frying temperature - perhaps we just had a dud . They sure do n't build em like they used to .
 The fryer is exactly as pictured and works , but I did n't realize there was no temperature dial ! So I used a thermometer and had to keep unplugging when the temp was not correct for my cooking . I can do this but would never recommend this product . Sincerely , Betty
 I am an Italian surgeon of a teaching hospital and I use a computer at home mainly for educational subjects and research . I recently bought a e40 snap-scan for my Celeron 450Mhz-Windows Me-HP840C system , in order to substitute for a 5100 HP scanner who made an excellent work before a mechanical accident . Great my disappointement has been when I realized that I can not easily make a 1:1 fotocopy to send to the printer or a readible copy -LRB- of the true dimensions -RRB- of a document to send by e-mail or fax
 You can make your own cable and the software is on the net .
 I was not able to make this work with my firewire external hard drive -LRB- computer did not recognize that any device was attached -RRB- . This is being returned and I am continuing to search for short , lightweight firewire cables that travel easily .
 Sure is a space saver when traveling , but my iPod -LRB- 2nd gen , firewire only -RRB- would not connect to my VGN-S260 laptop with this cable . Simply not recognized by iTunes or iPod Updater 2005-03-23 . Wasted a lot of time trying to troubleshoot.Later I tried a regular -LRB- non-retractable -RRB- cable , and my iPod was recognized fine.Maybe I got a flaky unit or maybe it 's a general quality problem with this Iogear product .
 I bought this cable to use with a 120GB external hard drive , when I hooked it up my computer would n't recognize the drive . I called Iogear tech support , and they said the cable wo n't work with large hard drives . It would have been nice to know this before I bought it . This is very deceptive advertising , it does n't say anything about external hard drive size . Right on the back of the package it says `` Great for use with external hard drives . '' Sure it is . All tech support could say was there is nothing they can do about it . No help whatsoever .
 This was the second time I purchased a hard drive from this vendor and it was the second time it was defective . While I did get issued a refund in both instances , I would not order from this vendor again .
 I ca n't plug any of my united states plugs into this adaptor . . Not sure if the plug works in the UK
 I purchased this for my trip to the UK . It shot sparks when i plugged it in and i had to wiggle it to get it to charge anything . I was there for six weeks and I could not charge anything ! I ended up having to get a UK power cord for my stuff instead .
 When I arrived in Singapore -LRB- same plug as UK -RRB- , it did n't work . I went around the corner and bought a different adaptor that did for under $ 4 from one of Singapore 's ubiquitous malls .
 Did n't like this adapror that much . I had to take it apart because it was n't working . The contacts were not out far enough so it would make contact with my plug . After I got it apart I realized that I did n't need to take it apart to fix the issue so I put it back together then took a small screw driver and bent the prongs out so it would work
 Seller and USPS status says delivered but I did not receive the item . Didnt have time to call up USPS .
 This product does not accept ` polarized ' US 2-pin plugs -LRB- those with one blade wider than the other -RRB- . I could not use it to charge my camera or camcorder and was forced to purchase another adapter in the UK -LRB- for $ 10 -RRB- . It did work fine for 3-pin and non-polarized 2-pin plugs so if you 're certain that 's all you 'll need it for it will work for you .
 As others have said , this does not work with polarized plugs . This is a huge shortcoming that renders it practically useless
 I bought it for a trip to Ireland , but when I plugged it in it gave an big , disconcerting spark , so I did not use it . Once I got home I took it apart and found the contacts for the 110 volt plug were not tight enough . I bent them closer and it is OK now But do n't buy it unless you are prepared to do the same . Tricky but not difficult . In fact I would suggest doing this before you actually use it
 screen protector gets scratched on the inside while inserting ipod , inserting ipod is very difficult to do and likewise takes the jaws of life to remove ipod . . also for some reason ipod battery gets drained easily with this thing on .
 I bought this clock because it looked attractive and would sync itself to the atomic clock in Boulder , CO. . I thought , hey , this will be nice . Make my life easy.Boy was I wrong . Nothing about this clock makes my life easy.I 'm a computer geek , pretty comfortable with electronics and , for the life of me , I could n't ever remember how to use the numerous , overly complicated , poorly labelled controls on this thing . I want to set the alarm , not fly an airplane . What 's with all the buttons ? Any time I wanted to do anything more than turn on the radio , I had to pick up the cryptic manual and flip through it . This cute little clock has some of the most poorly designed controls I 've ever seen.To make matters worse , the radio rarely managed to sync itself to the atomic clock , so I usually had to set it manually . Finally , after 13 months , the clock broke , the dial spinning noisely and continuously like it was trying to get out and fly away . Normally , I 'd be angry when something this expensive breaks , but I was only too pleased to get this beast out of my house.Look , folks , a clock radio is supposed to be easy . It should tell the time , let me listen to the radio , and make noise at the appropriate times . It should n't require me to do work every time I want to use it.If you want to make your life more difficult , buy this clock . Otherwise , run away , run away .
 OK , the thing is solidly built , sounds good , and gets decent reception . Setting up the alarm is a nightmare , however , and I finally just gave up and use my little quartz clock when I need an alarm . And I am generally good at that stuff . It 's that bad . Also , there are three little buttons on the front -- see them ? The top one is power -- not the greatest idea , because you have to grasp the top edge with your finger while you push the button with your thumb -LRB- the buttons on top can simply be pushed without rocking the thing backward -RRB- . But , no biggy , I can live with that . The bottom button brightens the dial with a cool blue light -LRB- when not pushed , the light is dimmer , and fully adjustable from dim on up -- very nice -RRB- . So -- that is all fine . Now you have the middle , or Devil , button . It is RIGHT NEXT to the power button , mind you , and you will often be using this product in a state of sleepiness . Well , push that button ONCE and it sets a `` Nap Alarm '' . So
 This radio was not cheap . A number of issues are associated with the radio , namely its poorly visible clock at night . It does n't matter whether the lighting is at its brightest or dimmed , the clock is extremely difficult to read.Another shortcoming is the instruction booklet . You need to be a `` rocket scientist '' to attempt to decipher the instructions.Quality of the FM and AM sound -- excellent and that 's why it is now located in the home office area where its soft blue glow can be seen . The old $ 29.95 alarm clock radio is now back on the night stand doing the job it 's suppose to do !!!
 Had this since May 2007 , retired it after about 18 months.Pros
 The radio reception and the different alarm features are great ! However , the clock features are absolutely terrible . You have to be within 12 inches of the clock to see the time because it is so dim and blends into the blue background .
 I 'm a computer geek , and thought all of the features would be awesome to play with . Well , I got it and man was I wrong ! The FM reception is TERRIBLE ! I literally got 10x reception with a cheap $ 15 radio . It could n't even tune to my favorite station!The atomic clock receiver antenta is this large -LRB- 4 '' or so -RRB- bar shaped device which screws into the back of the clock , which looks pretty darn ugly . The controls are horrid , and you need to constantly read the manual to do anything , even use the radio!After two days this clock immediately went back for a refund . My $ 15 Emerson Research clock is vastly superior , easier to use , and almost as feature rich .
 This clock radio has it all ... almost . The Atomic clock synched right up , the sound is quite good , I like the `` Nap '' feature and the ability to set two alarms to two different times on each different day of the week is cool.So , I set it all up and put in my bedroom and when it got dark I realized the radio was useless to me - no matter how you set the backlighting brightness display you have to get right on top of the clock to read the display . So trying to set the nap timer or the sleep timer or change the alarm settings , after dark , becomes almost impossible . When you turn up the brightness the numerals just stay the same and the backlighting just gets brighter and glares in your face.The manual leaves a bit to be desired too and just ignores features like backup -LRB- which it seems to have because when you disconnect from power the clock continues to display and the setting are saved ; I just have no idea how long and if that feature is something I can count on -RRB- . Bottom line is I would surely keep the clock if I could only read it at night ... . but I ca n't ; so back it goes . Too bad .
 This set looks so nice on line and in the pictures , but when one gets ready to actually set it up , it is disappointing . So portable and nice looking in its carrying bag , but the net was unstable and difficult to set up and not as secure as we would have hoped . It did the job but was a bit flimsy .
 All you need to do is get some foam , cut a small rectangle that will fit like a bracelet around the handlebar of your bike , and put your garmin forerunner on the bike as you would your arm , over the foam . works great , much cheaper .
 Another reviewer mentioned removing pins and not being able to easily switch between running and biking . I bought a piece of foam pipe insulation from a hardware store for $ 2 . I cut off a little piece and wrapped it around my handlebar -LRB- no tape -RRB- . Then I wrap the forerunner wriststrap around the pipe insulator and velcro is closed . Now my garmin is on my handlebars in plain view . When I run , I take it off the pipe insulator and where it around my wrist.Seems a lot simpler than this `` bike mount bracket ''
 The thing would n't even fit around my handle bar ; I had to zip-tie it on . A waste of $ $ .
 I have to give this item one star.While I am sure that it is a very good product it does not work with the fore runner 101 that I bought it for . Well you may say that it is for the 201 not the 101 so why would I expect it to work with the 101 ??? ... because it is offered as part of a `` better together '' deal with the101 . It appears that the room required for the AAA batteries makes the 101 just fat enough so that this mount will not work with it . Unfortunately I did not figure this out until I had cut open the packaging for the mount .
 this computer is a piece of junk , fist the 250 watt power supply is not enough for the system , I have replaced everything in this unit since day one power supply twice -LRB- which was under warranty -RRB- disk drives , cd rom , floppy etc and of course the motherboard , which has to be tatu and you cant just get a motherboard with out buying a new operating system , dont waste your time on this unit ! hp used to be the best for gods sake dont buy this computer !
 I bought this computer not too long and noticed that it was n't bad and that it worked well . Then when I tried to play a pretty high end game -LRB- Farcry -RRB- it did n't really work other then at the low settings . Seeing that I knew it was the video card that was suspect I bought an ATI 9800 Pro to upgrade it along w / another 512MB of RAM and that 's where it all started to go south as ever since then I 've had nothing but problems w / cooling and such as no matter what kind of upgrades -LRB- cooling-wise -RRB- I use it will always lock up which can get really irritating after you 've had to restart your computer several times because it crashed.And also since the time I first bought this computer it is not an HP anymore since in all my efforts I 've tried to put everything into a larger case in hopes of better air circulation along w / 5 fans as well and another upgrade too -LRB- 480 watt power supply -RRB- and still has yet to resolve the major issue.So overall this computer is not bad as long as you 're not trying to run any high end games on it or upgrade very much at all , but in the end when a computer is incapable of achieving what at least should be achievable you may realize that perhaps it was not the wisest choice when it came to purchasing a comp .
 Product arrived damaged . Company -LRB- ANTOnline -RRB- was unwilling to exchange for new item . Would never buy from them again .
 The product is alright for what it costs , but I am really pissed by the packaging department . This item comes wrapped in brown paper instead of bubble wrap and at least 10 to 15 of the cases end up broken . I complained and the Amazon Customer Service people worked it out with me , but I STILL want for purchasers of this product to complain to customer service if you order this item and they come broken . That is the ONLY way something will be done about this Bad Wrapping .
 Yes , they are cheap . Cheap product , cheap packaging , cheap price.I got mine via 2 day shipping , and 9 cases were destroyed . There was no apparent damage to the shipping box , but inside?These cases are very wimpy . I can envision them breaking after a handful of openings/closings . They certainly wo n't stand up to travel of any kind.Next time I will spend the extra bucks for some quality.But hey , you get what you pay for .
 When I saw the price , I thought it was a good deal . When they arrived , the amazon box was fine , but when I took out the 100 pack of jewel cases , it looked liked it had been kicked around . So far I have used 5 cases and I 've had to throw away 15 due to them being in pieces . I wo n't be buying these again .
 I ordered this item on January 19,2008 . Even though this item is always in stock , I have yet to receive it . I keep getting E-mails telling me to wait another two weeks because it 's not in stock !!! I do n't get it . If it 's not in stock then do n't say it is in stock . Now I 'm being asked to wait until April or May to receive it ... maybe.This is very frustrating .
 My Fuji CD-R/DVD Slim Jewel Cases arrived in good condition today , but they smell.The cases were packed in cardboard that had a strong moldy smell.I thought , no problem . Throw away the carton and end of problem . WRONG.Remove the cases from the inner cardboard and shrink wrap then end of problem . WRONG , they still smell.Lucky me , I ordered 2 cases of 100 . I 'll be smelling these jewel cases forever !
 I used one of these harnesses to instal a Parrot Bluetooth in my wife 's 2005 Odyssey and it fit perfectly . It made the install a `` Do it Yourself '' affair . When purchasing a Parrot Bluetooth for my 2009 Civic , this same harness came up as the one to use . The description states only 1998 and Up , so I assumed nothing had changed . It had been 5 years after all , so if a new harness was needed for the 8th generation Civics they had ample time to change the description of this product . I was wrong.If you are purchasing a Parrot Bluetooth I would recommend going to the Parrot website and using their harness selector page to find the correct harness for your vehicle/Bluetooth combination then returning here to purchase it at a much better price . The correct harness for me was aQuickconnect QCHON2MK Plug and Play Harness Adapter for 2006 + Honda Civic and Honda Fit for Parrot MKi Kits -LRB- Black -RRB- . Had I reviewed this harness immediately after doing the instal on the Odyssey I would have given it 5 stars . Today it gets 2 stars because of the misleading product description .
 I like the old school analog tuner , which is easy to use and pulls in stations really well . The audio quality would be great , except it has waaay to much bass . We have ours on the kitchen counter , and even at moderate volume , the junk on the counter resonates when somebody is just talking on the radio . A great radio should make it sound like people on the radio in the same room as you , not speaking over a PA system at the bottom of a well.In fact , the bass was so objectionable , it was almost unlistenable . I took a piece of packing tape and put it over the resonance port in the back , which took enough of the edge of the bass to make it marginally acceptable . The only reason I kept this was that it 's tuner is so good . I 'd avoid this model , or any similar Sangean model unless it had a tone control.Update
 Compared to the Sony VAIO VGN-S360 series , which was a light , elegant , wonderful machine , and is now out of production , the VGN-C250 is a major disappointment . Larger in every dimension except for screen size , the VGN-C250 is also significantly heavier than the VGN-S360 which it replaces . Do n't attempt to carry it in a brief case , you will want a backpack to move it around . The machine is also power hungry . As you work on your lap the amount of heat transferred into your thighs is noticeably higher . Not only is the machine fatter , but the charger is about one third bigger than the battery charger on the VGN-S360 . This is another reason to go for the backpack if you have the misfortune to own a VGN-C250 . Failing in almost every catagory compared to the earlier wonderful VAIO VGN-S360 , ergonomics too are awful . This is perhaps the most worst mistake the designers made . The edge of the case in front of the keyboard is sharp and cuts off the circulation in your wrists . By comparison the VGN-S360 was gently radiused . In summary the discontinued VGN-S360 was light , slim , stylish and a joy to use . This machine is a fat , brick of electronics that is progressively more annoying the longer that you use it .
 It was great for the first two months until it just stopped responding , and then couldnt be recognized by my usb port . Stay away ...
 I owned this device and loved it for the 6-12 months that it worked . I probably used it 2-3 times a month and kept it safe in my laptop bag when not in use.But one day it stopped working . Upon inspection , the connector from one of the USB ends came loose with the wire . Now it 's useless . : -LRB-
 THIS PRODUCT IS CRAP . STAY AWAY . I THREW IT IN THE BIN . CHEAP S *** . BAD MODULATION . THEY DO N'T MAKE CB LIKE THEY USED TO .
 it did not work when i got it . i had to have a cb shop fix it for me for $ 50 more
 Had the radio for a few weeks before I had a chance to make some SSB contacts and all reported distorted audio . The receive audio sounded good , just the transmit audio has the problem . AM mode works great , with excellent reports . The swr on the antenna was 1.2:1 so there was no problem with the antenna . Since the AM sounded excellent I would not think the problem was with the mic . The internal speaker had some rattle to it so I hooked up an external speaker . The ANL and NB were excellent in my mobile setup . I did a google search and found another report of the same problem .
 Cobra 148 GTL 27Mhz sideband Radio . I 'm very disappointed with this radio . I love my radios and have a lot of them , but this new Cobra 's is nothing like the old Cobra 's . The new cobra is made in China the one I have really drifts a lot . It is very sensitive to temperature . I have PC122 's and they drift a lot but this cobra is ridicules . I purchased it from JUBEES Enterprises and it was faulty on arrival . On arrival it had a microphone fault , muffled audio as well as weak signal and poor transmission . It was 3W on AM and about 9W on SSB upper & lower and it was out of tune . This is really dissapointing.The microphone gain is poor and the clarifier is very sensitive and twitchy . I sent the unit for repair locally and it has cost me aprox $ 100 all up freight included to get the brand new unit repaired and retuned back to me . Cobra warranty in Australia is useless.You are on your own . JUBEES Enterprises did not want anything to do with me once I reported the unit faulty on arrival . There are better radios out there.Purchase something else . Cobra is not what it used to be.Very disappointed .
 I have one of these new made in China Cobra 148 GTLs and it is NOTHING like the older ones made back in the early 1990s and late 1980s . Mine quit less than 24 hours after obtaining it . No transmit and no receive ... Nothing . Now i have to get it fixed ... What a joke ! Cobra used to be a top name in CB circles and now they have made a bad name for themselves . Of course Uniden no longer makes anything for Cobra anymore ... I hate to say it but Cobra better get thier act together or they will go the way of Robyn , Teaberry , Lafayette , and a few others into the dustbin of CB history ... I wouldnt touch one of these loser radios with a 10 foot pole !!! STAY AS FAR AWAY FROM THIS LEMON AS POSSIBLE !!!!!!
 This radio looks great but it is faulty and only puts out 1 watt.I am having to send for repairs due to faulty rf finals.Very disappointing . : - -LRB-
 Good News
 They lasted a month , I barely touched them but once I wanted to readjust them , the metal fastener ate into the plastic base and they were no longer functional . Also , the arm has alot of bend to it which positioned my speakers further.I replaced them with a set of panavise 105108B stud mounts and could n't be happier .
 After purchase though the net , the unit arrived safely and without damage . It was carefully and properly set up and would n't work . The image disappeared , audio remained . This is quite frustrating and I do n't think it is unreasonable to expect a 3000 $ purchase from a well-known manufacturer to work out of the box.Warranty requirements state that the defective unit must be sent to Sharp not the retailer . This would have cost me another200 $ . I was able to take the whole unit to a Sharp-authorized repair shop who diagnosed the problem as a `` bad '' board that needed replacing . However , I was told I would be responsable for payment for the new board and their time - about 900 $ total - and I could take up the warranty with Sharp myself.That was two months ago and I am still waiting . I am told that it is back ordered by Sharp Japan.All in all , the warranty policies are clumsey , expensive to the consumer and there are no parts in the event of a failure . Who wants that?If I ever get it going , I 'll report again .
 Up until the last couple of months this TV has performed beautifully , vivid picture , no streaking and amazing details -LRB- especially with DVD -RRB- . We 've had this model for just over two years and we are now having daily shutdown problems with it . The TV will randomly shut down and will not turn back on for several hours . We 've talked to Sharp 's customer service and tried basic trouble shooting to no avail . I will say the wait time and their staff are courteous but I dislike being in the position to have to call them . Sharpe 's final response to this is to bring it to a service center and pay for the repair . Fair enough since it 's no longer under warranty but considering it 's cost and the extra money paid expecting quality I 'm left very dissatisfied with the ownership experience . Funny how things change , this will be the first -LRB- and by far most expensive -RRB- TV which only lasted two years before needing repair . The next closest TV Set -LRB- A Panasonic -RRB- to require repair was over 18 years old before it started losing picture quality . I know which brand I wo n't be buying or recommending in the future.AN
 I connected this meter in line with my CB and my antenna , set it to FWD , and tried to calibrate it -- the needle did n't move . My radio transmits perfectly fine . The needle was n't even at 1 on the scale , even disconnected , the needle was floating somewhere in the middle . I 'm guessing it had a bad gauge . Save your money and buy a higher-end meter from another manufacturer who is more concerned with quality control .
 It comes with the Forerunner 201 so you do n't have to get this unless you somehow lost it . If you need to get it , this is WAY over-priced . It does n't even come with the data cable , which is sold separately . Garmin accessories are always very expensive.Here are some comments on the charger .1 . The bracket fits the GPS unit very tightly . It hurts my fingers to remove the GPS units after charging . I hope the plastic do n't break one day forcing me to replace the charger .2 . The design of the bracket makes it impossible to use the connector which also transmit data with other Garmin GPS . This is very irritating since Garmin data cables are SO expensive . Why force us to buy expensive accessories ... . Hmm , profit ? Damn , I hate marketing people !
 For a compact product like the Forereuner , the AC/DC Charger is surprisingly large and does not offer the dual voltage feature for 110/220 V , which is a big limitation . -LRB- Every PC and appliance now offers that -RRB- .
 Classic brick AC/DC transformer is for North America only . I hoped for a `` dual voltage '' AC/DC convertor which could be used overseas .
 I was informed that this was needed with a product -LRB- the Garmin Forerunner -RRB- . The Forerunner came with its own charger . Now I 'm stuck weith this charger , which makes it redundant . I really wpuld like to return it , buit didnt receive an original receipt .
 Although marketed by Amazon to fit the Garmin Nuvi 350 , it does not ! Wrong fitting . I 've decided to just charge my Nuvi from the car with the DC cable that came with it , the same way I frequently charge my cell phone .
 ad made it look like a charger that works in a car!I am furious if I want to return , there is a feeWHAT A JOKE !
 The atomic clock signal is weak and not near as stong as two other recent purchases from Seiko . The instructions are terrible and not very helpful . Making any kind of adjustments requires the reader to carefully follow all the steps as outlined which seems fine except just turning off the alarm in case you get up early or just want to cancel it is a major pain . The humane waking is system is overrated . Yes , it gets louder in increments but very quickly and not as slow as described . I would consider another alternative .
 I called Sangean to find out why the time was not synchronizing , to which the technician replied , `` Well it 's not the strongest atomic clock there is ... '' Then when I explained what I had done to test it , he was arrogant , unhelpful , and not in too many words told me tough luck!Just for the record , I purchased another clock from Radio Shack -LRB- which they do n't sell anymore , or I would have bought another one of those ! -RRB- , which works perfectly fine.What a ruse !
 I love the features of this unit , what with the auto-setting feature and the analog clock face and all the different alarm settings and so on . I even like the `` Humane Waking System . `` But after only a few days , the pretty blue light you see in the pictures went out and would n't come back on , so that in the dark we had to shine a light at the clock to see what time it was . That was aggravating but not fatal.However , recently the self-setting feature has gone haywire as well . The clock still sets itself , but it always sets itself between 78 and 79 minutes fast . There 's no way you can set the time manually and turn off the auto-set , so we completely ignore the time on the clock face now and set our alarms for an hour and 18 minutes before when they 're supposed to go off ... and we have another old clock radio right next to this one that actually keeps time -LRB- although we have to set it manually -RRB- and whose digits we can see.We 've had ours for a little over a year .
 I got this clock a week ago and I am observing it 's performance closely . It is indeed an atomic clock ; however , it 's digital numbers do n't light up . This for me is a very sad oversight of the engineers . I place the clock 7 feet away from the head of the bed on top of a 4-foot drawer stand and I can not see the digital time of the clock . Even the analog clock is not clear ; because of everyone 's familiarity with the analog clock 's hour numbers in circular design , one can see the position of the hour and minute hands and can `` surmise '' the current hour and minutes . It just blows my mind that the electronic designers of this clock have seemed to think of and worked on its many good features and were n't convinced that making illuminated digital numbers and figures is quite important .
 I bought this item a couple of years ago , and it seemed great according to the description . But it is almost maddeningly complicated to set up for the alarm functions . In fact , after I finally got it to wake me up I quit trying to change radio stations or volume levels . Also , it has a real hard time synchronizing with the time signal from Colorado . I have a small wristwatch very near this clock and the wristwatch nas no problem getting the correct time , but this thing , with its big antenna seems to have a terrible problem recieving the time signal .
 My husband bought me this clock radio as a gift . Not long after using it , the blue backlight stopped working . We fiddled with the brightness controls , but nothing helped . It just stopped . I resigned myself to not being able to see the time in the middle of the night . Then recently , the time itself stopped working correctly . The analog time and the digital time showed two different times , neither correct ! The digital clock began running way behind time -LRB- not good if you want an alarm to go off on time -RRB- . I was just about to junk it and order a new clock radio when I went in to take a look at it one more time , and both clocks are now reset to the correct time and seem to be functioning ... after more than a week of not working right ! Go figure . If you buy this , check it frequently to make sure it is still functioning correctly . Maybe I just got a lemon .
 This company was totally incompetent . . sending me a different radio completely . I returned the wrong radio & got a full refund -LRB- the ONLY thing these guys got right -RRB- !
 This is the most horrid clock radio ever . The user interface is terrible , and the physical unit is huge . The time receiver antenna is a monster and highly ugly . I could n't figure out how to set the alarm or change the radio station . This truly has the most horrid manual and the buttons were clearly not designed with the user in mind.This item got sent back and a $ 15 Emerson clock radio is vastly superior . The company clearly does not elicit feedback from real humans during the design process . I ca n't imagine anyone actually using this device outside of their engineering labs .
 I 've had this clock radio for about a year . I think it has alot of good ideas but not very good execution.The gradual increase in alarm volume is controlled by an `` alarmvolume '' control , separate from and independant of the `` mainvolume '' . However , the alarm volume only controls the initialvolume . It gradually increases by some fixed amount and I findthe ending volume too loud and there is no way to make itquieter . Even all the way down , it still gradually increasesuntil it 's too loud . I have a towel wrapped up over thespeaker.The alarm setting controls are complicated enough that if Ido n't change the settings for a few months , I have to read themanual again . If I have a day off , I just let the alarm wakeme and then go back to sleep rather than try to reprogram itfor one day.I agree with the all the other reviewers who say it 's hard toread the display at night.Sometimes , the atomic clock resets itself and the clock handsstart spinning as it sets the correct time . When the clockhands pass the alarm time , the alarm is triggered . Veryannoying in the middle of the night . What were they thinking ?
 This clock radio has it all ... almost . The Atomic clock synched right up , the sound is quite good , I like the `` Nap '' feature and the ability to set two alarms to two different times on each different day of the week is cool.So , I set it all up and put in my bedroom and when it got dark I realized the radio was useless to me - no matter how you set the backlighting brightness display you have to get right on top of the clock to read the display . So trying to set the nap timer or the sleep timer or change the alarm settings , after dark , becomes almost impossible . When you turn up the brightness the numerals just stay the same and the backlighting just gets brighter and glares in your face.The manual leaves a bit to be desired too and just ignores features like backup -LRB- which it seems to have because when you disconnect from power the clock continues to display and the setting are saved ; I just have no idea how long and if that feature is something I can count on -RRB- . Bottom line is I would surely keep the clock if I could only read it at night ... . but I ca n't ; so back it goes . Too bad .
 Well made , very sturdy shop radio has a bass boost that you can not turn off . Everything but classical music booms out with so much bass that I can not hear lyrics . Talk radio is hopeless . The results are loud but unsatisfactory - sure to disturb all your neighbors.Radio would be SO much better if it had a bass-boost off switch . It 's a shame . Hey guys , how about adding tone control knobs ?
 While the construction of the radio seems to be OK , its the radio itself that is dissapointing . After turning the radio on and selecting the channel to listen to , aprox 10 minutes later I have to retune the dial . Drift seems to be a big issue with this radio . In the world of electronics there should be a better lock on the station than this . I have to adjust for drift throughout the day using this radio . Its not just once but several times a day .
 THE YELLOW RADIO WITH A BAD ANTENNA FOR HOW MUCH 80.00 TO 123.00 BUCKS FOR THE PRICE OF THE RADIO U WOULD THINK THEY COULD PUT ON A GOOD ANTENNA AND FINE TUNE THE TUNER SO THE RADIO DONT LOSE STATIONS AND THEN THEY WOULD LIKE U TO SEND 8 TO 10 DALLARS FOR RETURN SHIPMENT AFTER U HAVE ALREADY PAYED TO SHIP IT TO THEM --------- COME ON SANGEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased this unit and found it easy to mount and install -LRB- make sure you are screwing into something solid ; the arm is fixed , so the TV will always be 6 inches away from the base -RRB- . However , the tilt feature is useless and I could n't get the screw to hold so the TV , a 26 inch Sharp HDTV , is tilted all the way so the bottom is against the wall.I will be returning this and getting a flat mount .
 After purchase though the net , the unit arrived safely and without damage . It was carefully and properly set up and would n't work . The image disappeared , audio remained . This is quite frustrating and I do n't think it is unreasonable to expect a 3000 $ purchase from a well-known manufacturer to work out of the box.Warranty requirements state that the defective unit must be sent to Sharp not the retailer . This would have cost me another200 $ . I was able to take the whole unit to a Sharp-authorized repair shop who diagnosed the problem as a `` bad '' board that needed replacing . However , I was told I would be responsable for payment for the new board and their time - about 900 $ total - and I could take up the warranty with Sharp myself.That was two months ago and I am still waiting . I am told that it is back ordered by Sharp Japan.All in all , the warranty policies are clumsey , expensive to the consumer and there are no parts in the event of a failure . Who wants that?If I ever get it going , I 'll report again .
 Up until the last couple of months this TV has performed beautifully , vivid picture , no streaking and amazing details -LRB- especially with DVD -RRB- . We 've had this model for just over two years and we are now having daily shutdown problems with it . The TV will randomly shut down and will not turn back on for several hours . We 've talked to Sharp 's customer service and tried basic trouble shooting to no avail . I will say the wait time and their staff are courteous but I dislike being in the position to have to call them . Sharpe 's final response to this is to bring it to a service center and pay for the repair . Fair enough since it 's no longer under warranty but considering it 's cost and the extra money paid expecting quality I 'm left very dissatisfied with the ownership experience . Funny how things change , this will be the first -LRB- and by far most expensive -RRB- TV which only lasted two years before needing repair . The next closest TV Set -LRB- A Panasonic -RRB- to require repair was over 18 years old before it started losing picture quality . I know which brand I wo n't be buying or recommending in the future.AN
 the product description says 6 '' -LRB- six inches -RRB- . These came today and they are 6 ' -LRB- six feet -RRB- . that is a ripoff , i bought this with the understanding it was a short `` y '' type adapter . not so . buyer beware .
 I purchased this CB radio as a replacement for another Cobra CB that had failed . Only when I read the instruction manual did I find out that this radio requires a special antenna to get good reception on both the CB and weather channels . I elected to use my standard antenna , and CB section of the radio appeared to function very well for a short time . The radio failed after 6 to 8 hours of service . I checked the condition and SWR of the antenna circuit both before and after installing the radio and found no problem with them .
 This item did n't change the signal strength at all . It is a total waste of money .
 We found this antenna did not improve the range of the Linksys router .
 I had big hope in getting a good result with this High Gain Antenna Kit . Unfortunately it was a west of money . I downloaded from Internet `` Network Stumbler '' and I was surprised that the original small antennas of my Linksys were much better than the new ones . In real benefit I did not gain one yard !!!!
 I tested this over 10 hours with various distances and configurations with the Linksys signal monitor on . You can watch the signal/noise numbers jump up and down . With this product , in some cases , you will get some gain and in some cases , you 'll get zero gain . It depends on where the wireless access point is located and what it in the way . For what you are paying $ 50 + , just go ahead and get an WRT54GX SRX router through TigerDirect.com , get a linksys repeater -LRB- range expander -RRB- , or an access point in repeater mode .
 I read the other negative reviews , and did n't believe them due to the positive reviews this product had received . What a mistake!I 've had a Linksys WRT54G router and a Linksys WPC54G PCMCIA card for over a year now , and I 'm very happy with both of them . Only problem is that I do n't get a great signal in my basement . I thought that this antenna would help , but I could n't have been more wrong . See this Network Stumbler graph -LRB- http://suspended.net/images/higain.png -RRB- . My signal actually decreased when using the `` High Gain '' antennas compared to the factory antennas.I 'm going to return this item and stick with the stock antennas and maybe build a reflector like this one
 These antennas are advertised as replacements antennas for the WRT54G . That is only partially true ... Antennas on the WRT54G V8 can not be replaced with those -LRB- there is no connector -RRB- . Verify that your router has a TNC connector before purchasing -LRB- not like me ... -RRB- . Not all routers have a connector .
 Just received the antenna , and I 'm disappointed in the poor performance . No improvement at all . On the other hand , I installed the range extender . A little difficulty in the installation , but it works like a charm . Buy the range extender ; forget the antenna .
 I had high hopes that this product would increase the signal strength on my WRT54G wireless router . However , I can see little to no improvement in the weak areas and dead spots of my house .
 I was told the longer antenna 's would send the signal further , but it never worked . I only got the same range from the long antenna as I did the shorter ones . I do n't know how to solve this problem I only have to extend the range another 8 feet . The longer antenna did not do this for me .
 If you buy these antennas , make sure you buy them somewhere that will take returns with no hassles ! I paid $ 30 and got essentially nothing.I have a Hauppauge wireless Media MVP , which is a device that allows you to stream movies and music wirelessly over 802.11 g from your computer to your TV . It is a device that is known for its crummy wireless performance , and its cheap antenna seems to be soldered onto its circuit board.I could only get -55 dbm -LRB- 3/5 bars -RRB- from the Hauppauge device even though my laptop got a full 54mpbs in every corner of my 1200sq . ft. condo . Therefore , I purchased these antennas for my AP hoping I could improve things that way . My device is only about 60 feet away from my access point , on the same floor , and has to penetrate 3 walls.The addition of these antennas only got me to -48 dbm on the Media MVP -LRB- 3/5 bars -RRB- , still not good enough to stream video reliably . I am stuck with running a long Cat5 patch cable through my hallway , which is a danger for tripping over and looks ugly.Many other people have found these antennas to be a rip off . Make sure you can get your money back .
 In my on-going saga to connect my house wireless , I want to my local MicroCenter and asked for advice . After decribing my layout , the employee recommended this antenna.Took them home , hooked them up , and ... . nothing . No change in my `` low signal '' problem.I looked on Amazon and a previous review by a Mr. Livingston -LRB- thanks ! -RRB- described my problem exactly
 I live in a not-huge NYC apartment with solid plaster walls . The new antennas extended the range of my Linksys cable modem by maybe 10-15 feet , enough to allow my PC -- but not my wife 's Mac -- to get service in a corner room that had previously been out of reach . A modest improvement , but -LRB- barely -RRB- worth the modest price of a set of second-hand antennas .
 While installation is a snap , I did not achieve a net gain in signal strength . I am using a Linksys WRT54G router and a Linksys WUSB11 hooked up to a TiVo DVR . The signal was fine until I had to move the TiVo about 30 ' further away into another room , where my signal strength fluctuates from 5 % to about 25 % , poor to marginal . I get up to a max of 30 % at times with two HGA7T in a Linksys AS2TNC antenna stand , however , it usually hovers near 20 % which is about what I averaged before . I plan on getting a Linksys WRE54G range expander , despite the configuration issues . I honestly expected to get much better results with the antennae than I did since all I did was move the WUSB11 into another upstairs room , whereas it had previously been directly above the room where the WRT54G was . I tried tweaking the placement of the antennae and the WUSB11 , and the reported results were the best I could do . Some slight movements resulted in poorer reception .
 I have a Linksys WRT54G version 6 router with the latest updated Linksys firmware . I tested the signal strength and it was 3-4 bars from across the house , prior to installation . I immediately installed the new high gain antenans and it did not change the signal strength at all , still 3-4 bars . I tried powering down the router and re-starting my computer and it never changed the signal . I installed the original antennas and it was still 3-4 bars , then I re-installed the high gain antennas and it never changed the signal strength , still 3-4 bars . It did n't matter what laptop I used or the location , nothing changed . It was a huge waste of money !
 I live in a ranch house with thin walls -LRB- built in the 60s -RRB- and was hoping to boost my signal beyond the kitchen into the family room -LRB- no wall between the 2 rooms -RRB- . Instead the bar level remained exactly the same.I understand that the walls between the room where the router is -LRB- relocation is not an option -RRB- could cause some blockage , but after reading the reviews and linksys own materials , I was led to believe that there would be at least some improvement . Instead , things remained as was . Heck , there was n't even improvement within the room , with my wifi satellite radio slipping from 3 bars to 2 bars while we were still in the room .
 I was dissapointed with this product . I hardly noticed a difference .
 or perhaps a place to dry your socks , but pretty much useless for their intended purpose . I installed these on my WRT54G router -LRB- taking care to screw them in firmly -RRB- and actually saw a slight decrease in signal . Absolute waste of money . I 've returned them . A better option would be the Linksys repeater -LRB- as soon as it really supports WPA security -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on these .
 I have two WRT54G routers . One is an older version 1.1 and the other a brand new version 5 . I set both routers next to each other with the old one on channel 13 and the new one on channel 1 . I tried each router with the stock antennas and then with these high gain antennas and compared the signal strength with netstumbler from about 30 feet away . I was shocked to see the difference in signal strength was hardly noticeable . Not worth the money IMHO.I 'll be returning these to the store today .
 Why oh why would n't they standardize connections for all their products?The threads on these antennea are too small for many Linksys routers ; most notably the new WRT54GX.Their customer support could use an overhaul as well .
 Provided little or no signal improvement in my environment . Based on the reviews so far , I suspect environment-structure and product placement are major factors in the effectiveness of this product . Buy with reduced expectations and a return request in mind .
 What a complete waste of time and money . I had - and still have - poor reception in my bed room and I bought these antennas to improve the situation . Now the problem has gone from bad to slightly worse . I could quote signal strength and signal to noise ratios , but honestly , I find a simple file transfer more revealing . Before installing the antennas I could download with 370KB/s to the bedroom . Immediately after installing the antennas the average transfer rate of the same 67MB file dropped to 195KB/s .
 Absolutely no change in signal strength or speed . When I called the Linksys line I was told that I `` obvously had a defective one and should exchange it . '' Then I read the amazon reviews . Next time I will look first !
 I see no change in the signal strength using the high gain antennas . There may be better transmission quality , but the meter on my computer reads 18 Mbps transfer rate regardless of whether I use the original antennas or the high gain antennas . I have no way to assess if there are fewer dropped packets .
 I tought that the range of this 'd be more . Not too much diferences with the ones of the AP
 I hade actually bought a supposed Hawking 15db high gain antenna and replaced one of my linksys antennas with it . But , still the signal in my upstairs bedroom was very low . After seeing the cheaper alternative noted by Mr Chow , http://www.freeantennas.com/prod03.htmI made the simple EZ 10 reflector in 5 minutes by stapling some aluminum foil to some manila folder card stock , folding at 90 degrees and placing behind the remaining linksys antenna and ... . voila , my signal was immediately boosted to an acceptable level ... fantastic ... wish I had known about it sooner before I spent good money on that expensive Hawking that did n't get the job done !
 I have a linksys BEFW11S4 Wireless-B Cable/DSL Router and I like it a lot ! However , my signal was poor when I was at one end of the house . I knew it was just part of the limitations -LRB- it 's about 70 feet away and it has to go through floors and walls . My signal would alternate between `` Very Low '' and unavailable . Then I read about these antennas , and I thought this would give it enough boost so I would n't have to add another WAP to cover the distance . Well , it did n't work out that way . It does keep my connection at `` Very low '' most of the time and sometime it goes to unavailable . I do n't think it was worth the $ 44 that I paid for them . But I knew it was a calculated risk , so I 'll probably get another WAP , put it in the laundry room under my bedroom so I can have a more reliable connection !
 What 's all the hype with this antenna ? I have a WRT54GL and did not want to install a third party firmware to help with the distance that my signal was reaching on my property . The router was in my house , in the living room , with no foil insulation and I could not get online with my ipod touch outside my front door . I could step inside and be online . This was on the same level as the router . I bought this antenna after reading some of the reviews , believing that it would help . I bought the one with the brace to hold the antennas vertical and parallel . After installing , I did the test . I took my Ipod and stepped outside my front door . I still could not get online . No signal . The antenas did nothing at all . I had thrown my money away . I took the antenas off and researched Tomato firmware , installed it and followed the suggested settings , and I can not only step outside my front door and get online with my ipod touch but go nearly 100 feet to the other side of my property without losing my signal . Of course they say , `` use this firmware at your own risk '' . I have been using it now for a week and am really pleased .
 I gained no signal strength whatsoever !! The bigest waste of $ 40 + Ever !
 I bought the HGA7S for use with my Linksys WMP54GS , and at the same time bought the HGA7T antenna pair for use with my Linksys WRT54G . No improvement at all in signal quality , and if anything quality has dropped . PC is in room on second floor , WRT54G is across the hall behind two normal wooden interior doors . Prior to new antennas signal was in the mid 60s , now with the new ones I 'm in the mid 50s - low 60s . I was hoping for a rise into the 70s . These antennas might work for someone else , but so far for my layout they 've been a waste of money . I also bought the WRE54G range extender , which is n't here yet , so hopefully once that arrives my signal quality will improve .
 I got 0 ~ 1 bars on my wifi detector and hoped that this would help . But it did n't get any better . You 'll have to get some decent signal beforehand in order to get this antenna to make things better for you , I suppose .
 When I realized how little these do -LRB- zip -RRB- I expected to find a manufacturer label on them that reads `` Fisher Price '' . I buy no linksys gear anymore . All junk in my experience . By D-Link stuff . Far better range and performance .
 Turned out to be useless . There is NO improvement with the use of this product
 I replaced the antennae on my Linksys WRT 54G with their high gain antennae and got absolutely no benefit whatever . I would award this product 0 stars , but that is not an option .
 I bought these and INstalled just as said . Simply REMOVE old ones and INSTALL new ones . NO HELP AT ALL . . I get the SAME signal strength as before . My laptop is CENTRINO P4 . It is on the SAME LEVEL as the router only at the other end of the house . I got NO help from the antenna at all . SMH oh well ... . I will be re-turning these at once . . Will try a DIFFERENT product from Linsys .
 These antennas actually are worse than the smaller stock antennas that came with my Linksys Wireless router . I know these antennas do not extend the range but are suppose to boost the signal . Well they actually decreased the signal strength . The signal strength went from 84 % down to 71 % . I would not recommend these antennas to anyone . I did n't believe the reviews myself but found them to be true . I felt maybe some people were interpreting these antennas to increase the range and thus were giving poor reviews for that reason . When in fact of course as I said before these antennas were suppose to increased the signal strength.I think these antennas are being discontinued anyway probably because of the poor performance , I am unhappy with Linksys for putting out junk .
 I bought these because Amazon popped them up under `` Better Together '' as a buy together deal . The Linksys WCG200 gateway -LRB- and most pci wireless cards -RRB- use SMA connectors , not TNC.The gateway has only one antenna , not two . I believe the older Linksys routers used TNC antennas , and there were two . That 's probably where the association of these antennas to the Linksys products originated.The antennas look like a quality product and the price was right , they just do n't go with the product they 're being sold as `` better together '' with .
 I noticed no improvement after adding the high gain antenna kit . I would advise not purchasing this , instead opt for the amp that is avaliable .
 Well , perhaps there are circumsrances where this product would actually increase signal strength over a given distance as compared to the antennas that came with my WRT54G , but it did n't happen in my case ... I noticed ZERO improvement.I also tried the antenna reflector design :-LRB- ... -RRB- That did n't do anything for me either.Now I understand antennas and signal strengths to a certain extent , and the laws of electronics and physics says that both the reflector AND the Linksys `` high gain '' antenna simply HAVE to make improvements . But , well , for whatever reason , neither made any difference for me.Very dissapointing.But try the reflector first , it took me about 30 minutes to make , and it SHOULD do something for you , especially if you are trying to direct your signal in a specific direction.If you have your router approx in the middle of your house , or half-way-ish between your computers , then you want OMNIDIRECTIONAL signal gain , and in that case , you want the Linksys high gain antennas.There are several other choices around the internet for increasing signal strength as well .
 I had a bad spot in my house where my wireless signal was almost non-existent -LRB- everything is on the same floor -RRB- -- unfortunately this bad spot is where a desktop computer with a wireless PCI card lives . I first tried a Hawking high gain directional antenna at the desktop -LRB- i.e. receiving end -RRB- . This seemed to help a little , but the signal was still unreliable . I then tried the Linksys high-gain antenna kit in the hopes of boosting the signal from the router to an exceptable level , but it did not seem to help AT ALL . I have since given up and am going with the wired option to this computer .
 I bought a WMP54GS and it died after 2 months . I paid to have it sent off to Linksys and then paid to have it sent back to me because Linksys wo n't ship to an APO . The card they sent back was a refurbished one which begs the question `` Why did n't I just buy a refurbished one to begin with and save money ? '' The thing that really made me mad was that the antenna that came with the card had been chewed on by a dog ! It was mangled . I contact Linksys service and the first person I talk to basically tells me to just deal with it . I finally have to call and speak with someone else just to get them to say they 'll check into what they can do . It takes a total of 6 emails and a long distance phone call from Okinawa just to get them to offer to replace it . Here 's the catch though , I have to send the card and antenna back to them and again pay to have it shipped back to me . Nice to see Linksyscares about their customers .
 After receiving this item I installed it . 3 of my 6 WiFi radios quit working . The other 3 had low signal warnings . I had the seller send me a new one with the same negative results . The stock antennae on my Linksys WRT5GL works much better . The TNC connection is almost obsolete . Most companys use the SMA connection . I would n't recommend anyone buy this poor product . It simply does n't work well .
 I decided to buy the Linksys high gain antenna to extend the range of my Linksys wireless-G router . Although it was very easy to install compared to the reported difficulties in configuring the Linksys wireless range expanders , the high gain antenna did little to improve my signal strength in my upstairs location of my networked laptop . For me this product was a waste of money .
 I tested the High Gain Antenna against the original Antenna with the wireless computer in the same room -LRB- 75 % signal strength was achieved -RRB- . There was not a significant differance . I moved the router into the next room and could not get more than 50 % connection strength . I am totally disappointed because until now I had faith in Linksys . That is the last product I will buy from them .
 Unfortunately this antenna additon does not seem to make much , if any difference in the performance of our LAN . The distance from the router to my Mac ibook is less than 30 feet through one tile wall and it continually looses the signal . The angle that the ibook is at is very critical . Moving an inch or two can cause a problem.j McCarthy
 Since I added these antennas I have seen no improvement in signal strength . . Transmit or receive . I 'm a ham radio operator and with upgraded antennas I would expect better performance . Since the router is flashed with DDWRT I can see all received signal strengths and they 're all the same . So I 'm not returning the but I am also not recommending them . I 'll continue to look for a better antenna .
 These antennas maybe gave me 5 % more coverage and they look like they would do much more . It also made the router much more cumbersome and it falls easier now . It really isnt worth it , dont pay more then 20 $ for them , get them used if possible.C -
 I bought these because Amazon popped them up under `` Better Together '' as a buy together deal . The Linksys WCG200 gateway -LRB- and most pci wireless cards -RRB- use SMA connectors , not TNC.The gateway has only one antenna , not two . I believe the older Linksys routers used TNC antennas , and there were two . That 's probably where the association of these antennas to the Linksys products originated.The antennas look like a quality product and the price was right , they just do n't go with the product they 're being sold as `` better together '' with .
 I 'm using a HGA7T with WRT54GS . My router is placed downstair while all my desktops with wireless adapter is upstairs . It does increase the signal strength , but with a bare minimal sense . The weak signal spots are all still weak as before and inconsistent.I bet you will have better luck buying a WAP54G instead of this .
 It splits the phone line like it should . But it will not click into place , so it 's easy to slide it out without pressing the release prong . That makes it easy to bump so that it loses connection .
 this product is a total disappointment , not even worth waiting time , and its terrible , the middle port did not work at all and all the ports does not support DSL ! very bad product ! i would give it 0 stars but i ca n't
 SO DOES THE RETURN POLICY . GOT IN FEB BROKE IN APRIL . NO REASON OR WARNING .
 I purchased this as a replacement for an older , troublesome Sony Hi-8 camcorder . I had wanted to start trying my hand at video editing on the PC , and also transferring our old Hi-8 tapes to DVD , the thought being I 'd first transfer them to Mini DV on the new camcorder , and then onto the PC for DVD authoring.The day after receiving the TRV27 , we taped about 10 minutes of our daughter swimming , and I could n't have been happier with it . The video and audio were crystal clear , noticeably better than the Hi-8 tapes . A test of transferring this data onto the PC -LRB- using a Matrox RT.X100 capture setup -RRB- showed that to be painless , and the resulting files were flawless . I thought I 'd definitely made a good purchase . Unfortunately , that feeling was short-lived ... A little more than a week after receiving the new camcorder , I had transferred a couple of our Hi-8 tapes to Mini DV . I then noticed that attempting to play back one of these Mini DV tapes on the TRV27 showed a strange `` banding '' of the image ... the top 1/4 of the picture was there , followed by a gray horizontal band covering the next 1/4 , then another 1/4 that looked good , followed by another gray band on the bottom 1/4 . Both tapes that had been transferred played this way , as did anything new I tried recording from the camera.I ran a cleaning tape through it 3 times , which finally brought the picture back , but that left me with a bad feeling ... why did the heads need cleaning that badly after approx . 2 hours total recording time ? That was only a precursor to the trouble to follow ... The next day was Thanksgiving . I used the camcorder to record about 20 minutes of the family . The following day , I wanted to start transferring Hi-8 tapes again , and decided to check the playback first , based on the previous problem . I tried to put in the tape I had recorded on Thanksgiving , but the tape carrier only took it in about halfway and then stopped , with the unit `` dinging '' . There was a yellow triangle with a line under it on the LCD and the code C :31:40 , or something like that . All I found I could do was remove and replace the battery multiple times , as each time it would pull the tape in a little farther . Finally it got the tape all the way in and rewound it , and when I hit playback , there was nothing ... no video , no audio , just bluescreen , both on the LCD and hooked up to our tv . I tried running the head cleaning tape through it a couple times , and still nothing . I even tried some of the other tapes that we had transferred ... no matter what , it would not playback a single thing.A call to Sony 's 1-888 number and time with their rep said it would need to go in for service ... to Irvine , California -LRB- I live in Colorado -RRB- . All this 10 days after receiving it and total usage on it of about 2 and a half hours.So now my new TRV27 is in the mail , on it 's way to service , with no clue as to how long I 'll be without it , nor what shape it will be in when I get it back . So I 'm afraid that based on this experience , I could not recommend this camcorder . Seeing as how our Hi-8 unit , which is also Sony , had similar trouble , I do n't think I 'd be able to recommend Sony period . That old unit failed entirely the first time we really wanted to use it as well -LRB- for a Disney vacation -RRB- , again after minimal prior usage . It went in for service too , and took more than a month to get back . And it had another visit to service after that one . And in fact , it 's not working correctly now , which is why I rented a Hi-8 camcorder to do the tape transfers -LRB- money which was lost when the new camcorder would n't work either . -RRB- Nope , I do not have a good feeling about Sony camcorders at all .
 This is a well designed model but the LCD is horrible . When I bought it , I found the LCD is very bad . I changed it for three times , and each time I could find some dead pixels -LRB- such as always white / black / gray -RRB- on the LCD . Finally , I gave it up . If you want to buy this model , take care on the LCD testing
 The product works pretty good . When video or images are to be recorded on to the mini DV tape , this product works as good as any of its kind.By the word hype I mean that :1 -RRB- The memory stick part of this product is a eye catcher . I bet most of u would be tempted to buy this product looking at this feature . `` The quality of the images stored in this memory stick are substandard . `` 2 -RRB- The video or images when downloaded on to a computer will have aweful quality .3 -RRB- The memory sticks are very expensive . Eg
 Not what I expectedLike
 Bought it . . it worked ... need a longer cable , used thick fishing wire , sounded the same ... go get a $ 2 cable , they 're all the same .
 Before you buy , think about the cost of the DV tapes . They are about $ 6 each , retail , and EXTREMELY fragile . One broke in my camera , and damaged something when being taken out . This was a $ 70 repair , while it was still under warranty . I do n't know how much it would have cost after warranty period was over . If I had it to do over again , I 'd buy a camera with a sturdier , cheaper media , and from a manufacturer that respects its warranty .
 This radio is illegal for use in the United States -- either as a Citizens Band unit , or as a single band amateur transceiver . It is not type certificated for either use by the FCC , and is considered an `` Export '' model for sales and use outside the US.The intended purpose of this radio is for illegal power output on the Citizens Band Channels -LRB- as clearly evidenced by the channel 40 and frequency clearly visible -RRB- , and illegal `` freebanding '' in the frequencies between 11 meter CB and 10 meter amateur band.N4PRT
 If your thinking of getting one of these to become a wan na be Ham operator with out a License , do n't waste your money ! Most Hams do n't hang around 10 Meters and if you do find one he 's not going to talk to you without a legal call sign and will most likely just report you if in doubt . This radio is designed to skirt past the laws by being modifiable to get over the Legal Power limits and out of the Legal bands and anyone posting a two page document to tell you otherwise is just Lawyering up the situation.The terrible value part is that you can take your Technician exam with only a few hours of studying and become a real Ham operator and then buy a Real Ham Radio that does 10 times as much as this radio for the same price ! And the big bonus is that Ham Operators will talk to you and you will have access to Bands that work year round like 80M , 40M and 20 Meters as well as 10M in a legal way
 This radio is not legal for CB use and you need to have a FCC Amatuer License in order to legally purchase this radio . If you operate this radio you may get away with it for a little while , however WHEN you get caught you will realize that it was not worth it . The fines are very expensive . GF .
 There are a number of `` 10 or 12 meter '' radios like this that are meant to be converted to CB band use . They are all horribly overpriced . The folks who buy them are sort of want-to-be hams who feel they ca n't pass the license exam . But now that Morse Code is gone , the license exam is pretty easy . And the fact is that you can get better ham radios , both new and used , for half the price of this Galaxy .
 Ordered this to replace a similar 25 year old lamp . We did n't want to spend a lot but thought this might be a little better quality than the $ 50 Target or Walmart type . We were wrong . Lamp has a cheap looking finish with a cheap paper shade and the long stem is a two piece affair with a seam in the middle . Naturally it is made in China . Guess we should have known better than to buy something like this on line . The company , Lamps Plus , was good to work with and provided a refund with no problem but we were out the $ 30 parcel post shipping -LRB- FedX or UPS would have been $ 60 -RRB- for the return . We 'll end up going to a local lighting center and spending $ 500 + to get what we need .
 i bought this dvd recorder on 121705 , and now , it will not write any dvd 's i buy ... . do n't buy it ... . it is a waste of money !!!!
 I own it . If mine is typical , do n't buy it . I 've had mine about a year and it just hit the garbage can.Initially , it was a problem because the default display is n't on an output my TV or cable box default to . This meant blindly pushing buttons until I acciently found the secret handshake to get the menu on my display . It holds it there until a power failure , and then we start over again.Then , over time , it started having trouble recognizing blank disks . Then it would recognize the disk and record , but not be able to finalize the recording -LRB- sometimes , even though it showed a FINALIZE FAILURE , the disk would be OK . Sometimes not . -RRB- Finally , it just refused to recognize , record or finalize.All-in-all , this is the flakiest bit of electronics I 've ever purchased . It 's now at the big recycler in the sky , hopefully to become cell phone parts .
 I was able to record fine . I got it from costco for $ 120 - $ 30.00 off = $ 100.00 with taxI can record -LRB- timer record -RRB- and play it on the Lite-on ddvd recorder but i can not play it on the computer nor on other dvd players like the sony and samsung ...
 This is the first negative view I have written . Normally I am very positive and give companies the benefit of the doubt . However , I have very little positive to say about dealing with Lite-on . The original and replacement products were both unreliable . The pleasant voice at customer service said what I wanted to hear , but no action resulted . When they finally sent me a replacement machine it did n't work correctly either . On that replacement box I noticed a sticker that said `` Non-saleable . Product defective . '' It went on to state how it had been returned because it was n't working . I would NEVER buy one of their products again .
 Just like the previous reviewer said , it does not have an S-Video input and output . I wanted to transfer my laserdiscs to DVDs and having no S-Video just wo n't do . I thought I could use an RCA to S-Video converter . Video playback was awful . It had jitters and the color red was unnaturally more pronounced . This is getting returned .
 Not much over a year old - now wo n't play half of the commercial pre-recorded DVDs I 've tried . Gives back an error message that says `` invalid disc . '' Also - when used for recording - `` Daily '' should mean Mon-Fri . Not so in the case of this unit , it means 7 days a week . Also , if you choose not to record a `` Daily '' show an ugly banner appears at the top of the screen which wo n't go away . I 'll never buy this brand again . Mine is going in the rubbish .
 I got the product after over a week of waiting and could not get it to work . -LRB- no picture would appear -RRB- , so I sent it back and after 2 more weeks went by I was sent another one of the exact same and the exact same thing happened -LRB- no picture would appear on screen -RRB- . Finally I just sent that one back too for a refund . Based on the 2 individual experiences with the same brand and product being defective I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I bought one of these back in January , eager to finally enter the world of component DVD recording . My wife likes the Mexican food show `` Con Sazon '' and wanted to record all the episodes to DVD in SLP mode , plus I wanted to start my long-awaited project of transferring old VHS material to DVD.The unit itself is very handsome , with a bright blue power LED and a nice VF display that tells you pertinent information . It has front input jacks and even has a Firewire input for video camera recordings -LRB- though I did n't ever try that . -RRB- It supports DivX playback , which is nice -LRB- if it could RECORD in DivX , that would be awesome !! -RRB- The first thing I noticed is that the auto time setting feature did not work . We live in an area that has relatively poor TV reception -LRB- we use DISH Network for locals -RRB- so I let that slide.I use Taiyo Yuden DVD-R blanks for just about everything now - they are inexpensive and of high quality . I have never had any trouble with them in computer drives , and at first they seemed to run fine in the LVW-5115GHC + , but a few discs into my experimental recordings the thing went nuts when I inserted a new disc . It started buzzing loudly , just like an old Apple II disk drive when it ca n't read a disk , and would n't stop or respond to anything until I unplugged the unit.After this episode , I went to their site -LRB- it took some searching ; they have separate computer and consumer electronics sites -RRB- and found an updated firmware . It was fairly painless to install -LRB- burn to a CD on the computer and put it in the LVW-5115GHC + -RRB- and after that the problem seemed to go away.During the following month I copied over 50 old VHS tapes to DVD , and had no problems . The record quality is quite good - even the 6-hour -LRB- SLP -RRB- mode is noticeably better than SLP mode on VHS . LP -LRB- 3-hour -RRB- mode is comparable to SP mode on VHS . I did n't bother using anything higher than LP for VHS transfers . The unit has One-Touch Record -LRB- very important with write-once media ! -RRB- and creates a rudimentary menu with each recording session -LRB- though the menu picture is of the first recorded frame and can not be changed . -RRB- Chapter marks can either be inserted on-the-fly while recording or inserted automatically every so many minutes -LRB- selectable . -RRB- Unwanted recordings can be `` erased '' -LRB- they disappear from the menu -RRB- but of course can not be literally erased from write-once media . Once you finish a disc it must be `` finalized '' before it will play on other DVD players.The remote is fairly easy to use , though it lacks buttons for functions like record quality -LRB- you have to delve through a few cumbersome menus to change record quality . -RRB- A couple months into my ownership of the unit , problems started occurring again . While creating a DVD with several recording sessions on it , the unit would occassionally have trouble reading the disc -LRB- which was perfectly clean , by the way -RRB- and then corrupt the disc so none of the formerly recorded sessions were playable , even on a computer , and the recorder would not finalize the disc . It just showed up as `` blank disc . '' At that time another firmware was available so I upgraded , but this time it seemed to have no effect . A couple weeks later the problem recurred -LRB- complete with the loud buzzing -RRB- , and I lost more recordings.I had enough of the thing . I returned it and got a Magnavox MSR-90D6 , which I am currently evaluating . I liked the Lite-On 's features , and will probably buy another Lite-On DVD recorder in the future , but will wait for the second or third generation unit that has the bugs ironed out .
 When I saw this at Costco for $ 129 I could not pass it up . I was really just looking to replace a DVD player but for the money I thought it would be nice to get the recording feature too . This does not have optical out and no s-video -- as other reviewers pointed out . The reds are very bright and odd looking-picture is not as good as it should be for dvd playback . DVD 's do n't whow time-remaining so when I 'm watching I do n't know how much time is left on the DVD .
 I bought the LVW-5115 after giving up on my second LVW-5005 . I hoped this model would be better.It still freezes up , but the 5005 froze when I pushed stop while this one freezes when I push pause.The color is just wierd . It shifts everything toward the green.It stops recording -LRB- some of the time -RRB- if there is a gap in the tape you are trying to copy . My old videotapes are full of these gaps . I think this problem results from Lite-on 's -LRB- similar to other manufacturers ' -RRB- concern that I might copy copyrighted videotapes . So , the recorder is very sensitive to anomalies in the signal . Of course , this makes no sense because the law very explicitly allows people to make one copy of any copyrighted material for his or her own use.But this is not what I was trying to do , anyway . My old tapes are from TV shows , recorded on my own VCR . This unit is going back and I guess I will try another brand .
 I owned 2 Similar Products from GoVideo and they would not respond to any Commands . After a few momths the Drawers would not open . Last year I decided to buy thus product . What a mistake . It would come on all by itself every few hours and eventually also froze the drawer . I saw a low price deal and decied to buy another and contact LiteOn for Support on the first one . The 2nd one turned out to be another piece of trash , also turning on a dozen times a day . LiteOn has not responded to any emails or Phone calls for assistance.I notized that the LiteOn and GoVideo are Identical in most respects . They have the same exact Face Plates and for all practical purposes are the same . GoVideo also never responded to any requests for assistance.I since bought a Sony Model and so far no problems with it . My Recomendation . Avoid it like the plague .
 On first glance , this is a nice looking unit . One cool asthetic feature is that the front panel display is behind the silver-looking faceplate . So when its off , you do n't just see a black glass area.But that was the extent of my happiness with the unit . I used component cables from the output to my HD-Ready Sony 36XBR450 . The picture looked washed out or too bright , both on viewing the antenna source -LRB- over the air -RRB- and watching a DVD . The contrast was so bad that it was unwatchable . So I used the composite cables to view the source and the picture was much better in terms of color and contrast . I mentioned this to a friend at work that has the same unit and he did n't notice it until I mentioned it to him . When he compared it to another player , he saw the same thing I did . So he 's boxing it up to return . It was a great idea with a nice looking form factor , but since I will be using those both to record from Tivo/antenna and also to watch movies through the component connections , mine is getting boxed up and getting returned . I bought it for $ 120 at Costco and figured at that price , it would be `` good enough '' but now I 'll look for a unit that has s-video -LRB- in/out -RRB- and will record in stereo like my VCR does . I did like the fact that you could record in both + / - R/RW . Alot of players only do one or the other . I just may have to go that route .
 The new Windows Vista operating system on this machine will not run some of the programs which I own and were made for XP.This computer as sold becomes too slow to operate with the new Windows Vista operating system.All the other features are good .
 I got one for $ 400 from office depot with Vista home basic installed . it 's cheap and I only need a laptop to surf the web.I soon found out that the LCD display can only do 60 Hertz refresh rate , wich is very uncomfortable to my eyes.Should have spend a bit more $ to get a better one .
 I bought this product from and through Amazon in March 0f 2007 . When my kid went to reboot it , it asked for a bios password even though the bios was never passworded . This was listed as a Toshiba A-135 message . This thing is a ticking timebomb for anyone who needed information stored on the machine.I am told that an authorized Toshiba dealer will make the necessary repairs for free . Of coure , if Amazon or Toshiba had told me about it , I might have been able to do this when convenient rather than on the 4th of July . Until this time , I agreed that it was a good laptop that simply required adding more RAM to properly run XP .
 Contrary to its claims , this remote does not retain settings when you change batteries . Not even for 5 seconds ! That means that you 'll will need to reprogram the whole thing every time when you change batteries . This is a ridiculous flaw . I would absolutely not have bought it if I had known this . The remote is simple and works , but a flaw like that makes it crippled . I do n't know how long the batteries are going to last , but if I end up re-programming the remote once every year or more frequent , I 'd probably be very upset about it . Because you will need the instructions every time when you program it , you better be careful keep the instructions handy all the time . What a hassle and a burden in one 's life this creates ! You would have to be taking care of that thing as if it were one of the most important matters in your life . But come on , it 's only a TV remote , not a car . At this moment , I am not even entirely sure where my new car 's instructions are -LRB- hopefully in the car -RRB- . I know this remote will end up being a piece of junk as I will lose the instructions sooner or later . Just the idea that I will be trying to find the instructions every once awhile , and trying to figure out how I did it the last time to program the remote , makes me sick . Do n't buy it unless your life quality is worth no more than a few bucks .
 I received the product and after placing in the batteries , the remote worked for only a day or so ... then the batteries exploded inside the remote . Thinking maybe the batteries were bad , I put in another set of new batteries , which the remote again caused the batteries to explode .
 I purchased this remote and within 24 hours the batteries are dead . I thought I had a faulty unit so I purchased another ... same problem !
 This did not work out of the package and I returned it to Amazon for a refund . Have not received it yet . Bought one locally .
 I ordered this remote because I wanted something I was SURE would work with my 15 in Magnavox LCD and my Dish Network DVR . It does n't and it is not worth the trouble to return it.It works fine with the DVR but not at all with the TV . Philips/Magnavox customer service email has been out of service for weeks or months and a phone call to see what code would work with THEIR TV and THEIR remote got me a over-the-wire shrug . Nice.BTW . . I saw the same unit in Walmart for about the same price as shipping on Amazon .
 DO NOT BUY a Magnavox universal remote for your DVD Player.Buy a more reliable brand . Seriously , you will be sorry you bought this.In fact , eventually , you 'll feel like smashing this piece of **** into pieces.Try ordering the actual remote made for your DVD player from its manufacturerThey might work fine for a TV or VCR . But for a DVD player , the MENU FUNCTION is a shoddy , inoperable , unreliable waste of money.If you enjoy sitting there pressing the Menu function over & over forseveral minutes trying to set up your program , only to realize that theremote wo n't select some DVD set-ups , then , hey , buy it.I purchased an open-box Sony DVD Player at Best Buy , marked downbecause there was no remote . So I bought this Magnavox universal remote.It works fine for basic functions
 This remote worked fine when I first received it . However , about three weeks later , it would not controll my dvd and vcr . I am constantly having to reprogram it , especially for the dvd . I 'm very disappointed .
 I actually bought this at a local store . It works but every once in awhile , the remote will reset and I 'd have to get out the book to re-enter the code for my tv . There 's no explanation as to why but I am getting pretty tired of resetting the remote . Maybe be cheap but it does n't work . : -LRB-
 Received the wrong remote , however it works with my TV , it is n't worth the trouble sending back .
 I can only assume I got a dud because although the programming feature seems simple , it does not work either for the TV or VCR . I did get it to change the channel once and I read back the code with the instructed procedure which seemed like the righ tone for this model TV but it did not continue to change the channel or do anything . Of course I tried both reprogramming the code and autosearch again but no dice.There is only one code for my VCR but programming it in did n't work either nor did autoscan.I can only assume I got a complete dud , but I am very unhappy . Wasted my time and money -LRB- if I can find the store receipt I may return it , but then I 'll have more time wasted -RRB- .
 The remote worked for about a week and then stopped . I do n't know if itwas my 2 TV 's or the controller .
 As mentioned by others the actual product does not look like the photo and is a little on the flimsy side . That did not concern me too much . My problem is that it does not work properly with my Samsung 13-inch color TV . It turns the set on and off and steps up/down the channels but I can not ehter a two digit channel number and have it go to the correct channel . For example , if I enter `` 54 '' it goes to `` 55 '' . I tried all the listed setup codes given in the instructions .
 About 1 year after having this remote to go along with my Phillips DVD player the remote conked out . The buttons , while almost all responsive , will not sync up with the systems anymore , and the learning feature on the remote control seems to be defunct . You get what you pay for , I suppose !
 I bought this b/c it was quite inexpensive . It programmed very easily and I loved it , as it worked with all my components.Then , I dropped it ONCE , and it has n't worked well since . grrr
 There are many things wrong with this product . As an A + Certified tech , installation should be a piece of cake . Wrong . It has been a couple of days and no go . I will have to hook it up to one of only 2 USB ports on the motherboard to see if that would work but with a powered USB hub , it will not . But the big surprise is the -LRB- what I feel -RRB- lack of product support . You have a choice of 1 . a forum 2 . faq 3 . email . The manual is all of 8 pages and it starts on Page 2 . Better to use a PCI capture card and leave the USB headaches behind .
 This would be a good remote except for one unfortunate feature . Philps calls it `` TV punch through '' volume controls . The buttons on the remote for vol + , vol - , and mute will only operate the TV volume , regardless of what mode you are in . So even though you programed an amp into the remote , the volume controls will only operate the TV volume . This would be nice if you do n't have an amplifier , but most people who have need of a 7 device remote use an amp.It is possible to `` learn '' the amp volume controls onto other buttons , but that makes for confusion . Remotes are confusing enough already.The Philips 5 device remote has this same unfortunate feature -LRB- I bought that model first !! -RRB- I returned my Philips remote and bought a One For All remote that lets me choose which device I can assign the volume controls to .
 If you do n't like to read scathing reviews , skip this one ... I recently started producing my own television show on public access cable , and I wanted a video editing package that was easy-to-use and could support capture of analog video -LRB- VHS -RRB- . After what I thought was careful research , I decided on Pinnacle 's Studio Deluxe product . It has a capture card that runs a SCSI interface to a breakout box which allows you to import and export analog video . And , it is supposedly easy to use , and claims `` broadcast quality editing features '' . Pefect , so I thought.Then , the nightmare began . After installing the card , then the software , I began working on my projects . It took a little while to figure out how to correctly capture analog video , but after a few tries , I was all set . The main complaint I had was that the audio levels on analog video capture were RIDICULOUSLY high , forcing you to manually adjust them -LRB- they are defaulted to the highest setting -RRB- or get distortion on your video.Once I had finished my project , it was time to output . Repeatedly , the audio and video fell out of sync , for no apparent reason . I have read numerous reviews of Studio wherein users complain about this very thing , and even Pinnacle 's support website is littered with complaints . Apparently , you have to strip your system down to the barebones minimum to get correct output . Fine . After tinkering with these settings for HOURS , I finally got a good take.Several months later , I decided to use Studio again for video editing -LRB- I had switched to Adobe Premiere after realizing Pinnacle 's limitations -RRB- . The software indicated that an upgrade was available online - I fell for it . After downloading the upgrade , the system would not EVER run previous projects correctly , getting hung up loading audio files that had previously played fine.I also noticed a message about my audio/video drivers not being compatible with Microsoft Direct X -LRB- supposedly installed by Pinnacle initially -RRB- . Suddenly , I found that I no longer could preview analog transfers , though they did in fact capture correctly . I figured the upgrade was bad , so I uninstalled and reinstalled the software . BIG mistake . Now , nothing works , the drivers for analog capture wo n't install , and the program is useless.I have been all over Pinnacle 's website , tried all their suggestions to no avail , and tried everything I can think of on my own . Nothing works , and my posted request for help to Pinnacle has yet to be answered -LRB- I posted days ago -RRB- . To summarize , this product has VERY limited capabilities for professional editing -LRB- ca n't separate audio and video , no support for color bars & tone , no count leader , no ability to add multiple video clips to the same point on the timeline , etc -RRB- , very buggy hardware , and -LSB- disappointing -RSB- tech support.If you want to edit home movies on your PC , this is a good tool for you -LRB- though pricey for -LSB- price -RSB- -RRB- . If you want professional , broadcast quality editing software , go with something like Adobe Premiere or Final Cut Pro . This product -LSB- disappoints -RSB- !
 Pinnacle express looks like a good program , however it would not recognize my burner . After trying several of Pinnacle 's automated solutions , I tried e-mail requests . No reply . For personal service via telephone the hours available are only for those not working and they are not toll free . My Arcsoft program from Canon does recognize my burner , I still have not been able to use the software from this product . The hardware works , but forget the software and any tech support .
 This remote controller was quite a dissapointment . I am using two other Philips/Magnavox remotes that are far more convenient and operate better . This one does not look like the picture -LRB- which looks more like the 425 model -RRB- . It does not cover the equipment I have -LRB- while the 425 model does -RRB- , It 's learning mode is flaky and unreliable , to say the least . The range is shorter then that of the 425S . Conclusion
 This would be a good remote except for one unfortunate feature . Philps calls it `` TV punch through '' volume controls . The buttons on the remote for vol + , vol - , and mute will only operate the TV volume , regardless of what mode you are in . So even though you programed an amp into the remote , the volume controls will only operate the TV volume . This would be nice if you do n't have an amplifier , but most people who have need of a 7 device remote use an amp.It is possible to `` learn '' the amp volume controls onto other buttons , but that makes for confusion . Remotes are confusing enough already.The Philips 5 device remote has this same unfortunate feature -LRB- I bought that model first !! -RRB- I returned my Philips remote and bought a One For All remote that lets me choose which device I can assign the volume controls to .
 DO NOT BUY a Magnavox universal remote for your DVD Player.Buy a more reliable brand . Seriously , you will be sorry you bought this.In fact , eventually , you 'll feel like smashing this piece of **** into pieces.Try ordering the actual remote made for your DVD player from its manufacturerThey might work fine for a TV or VCR . But for a DVD player , the MENU FUNCTION is a shoddy , inoperable , unreliable waste of money.If you enjoy sitting there pressing the Menu function over & over forseveral minutes trying to set up your program , only to realize that theremote wo n't select some DVD set-ups , then , hey , buy it.I purchased an open-box Sony DVD Player at Best Buy , marked downbecause there was no remote . So I bought this Magnavox universal remote.It works fine for basic functions
 The remote worked great until after 3 months . I can still use the remote with the built in codes . But after 3 months , the learning feature stop working .
 I bought this remote mainly as a learning remote to control a TV and DVR.I was hoping I could use the learn option to assign whatever codes I wanted to buttons on this remote . Unfortunately the learn option is not good , and if you 're considering buying it for this reason I would avoid . Also , the buttons are not the most accessable , so using the remote , once you have it working , is rather painful .
 Beware of Monster batteries and chargers . I bought this one and had problems out of the box . 2 of the 8 batteries would not charge , and the other 6 batteries would charge very little . I called the monster customer service phone number in the manual . I was told Monster has not made batteries or chargers in over a year -LRB- as of July ' 08 -RRB- . So any you buy , just know that they 've been sitting around for quite a while , and may have problems with old batteries . The seller -LRB- Essex Technology Group -RRB- was great and gave me a full refund very quickly . Monster service was good as well .
 Bought four of these this past summer . Best range we 've experienced is about 1 mile . That was once and the planets must have all been aligned `` just perfectly '' . Usually get only a 1/3 to 1/2 mile . Two of the four units lately are so staticy and garbled you ca n't carry on a conversation . As soon as I get a chance their getting shipped back to Uniden under warranty .
 You get what you pay for . The range is not as listed on this website , plus you are REQUIRED to purchase a -LSB- $ -RSB- -LRB- 5 year -RRB- license to use this or ANY GMRS radio . These are poor quality toys !
 Just purchased a pair of these . On first tests , the units have to be facing the master flash to fire.I was hoping to hide them in lampshades or in a corner of a room.I had them sitting flat -LRB- sensor was then pointing straight up ?? -RRB- and they would n't fire.Had to sit them on their 45 degree angle position facing the master flash to fire .
 I have installed many stereos and this cable is much closer to 4 gauge than 0 gauge . It has a decent overall diameter but sadly most of it is insulation . If you want a good wire look for `` kolossus fleks '' and you wo n't be disappointed .
 Does not fit all q beam models as stated . I have the 3 million candlepower qbeam and this lens is way to small . May fit less powerful versions .
 I bought this a little over a year ago . I 've always had problems with the charging cradle . I would have to really jimmy the remote in the right way to get it to charge . Recently , it just stopped charging . There is no way to charge the battery other than using the cradle , so the remote is completely broken . There is no way to buy a replacement cradle , and the device is out of warranty . I really liked it when it did work , but a one year life span is just not acceptable . Keep that in mind when buying other Logitech Harmony remotes with charging cradles . I did a little research and have found that the charging cradles have poor performance across all their remotes .
 i got high hope from Logitech.but after i installed the software , and start it up.my god , worst programing ever.first im a savvy computer user , but you need to be a genius to setup this remote right.even worst , i need to add each my devices every time.come on , i dont even remember my cellphone number.what do you think i remember my device models .
 The one thing I like about this remote is the rubberized back and many of the buttons . I also have the 880 , which I use in my family room . The 720 is for the bedroom.The 880 works virtually flawlessly , turning the components -LRB- TiVo , Samsung TV , Harmon Kardon receiver -RRB- on and to the correct setting . The 720 , which has good sight lines for the IR , fails on something -LRB- Yamaha soundbar , Aquos TV , TiVo -RRB- about 90 % of the time . I go through the Help button and it then turns on the sound or the TV , but it 's really annoying . I would have sent it back , but had setup problems with the Aquos and it 's way of treating inputs , that by the time I was done with technical support , my 30 days were up . I wish I had bought a refurb 880 instead.P.S . Never deal with Logitech through Email support . I 've had to so so both with remotes and with my Logitech diNovo Mac Edition keyboard -LRB- see my review there -RRB- and to say it 's awful is to give undue credit . Telephone support is much , much better .
 I gave up , and threw this in the trash.This 720 is a so-so remote . Nothing extraordinary . The BIG PROBLEM with it ? The charging system . This was nothing but trouble from day one . Logitech replaced the charging base once , and that one failed as well . The remote just does n't connect well with the contacts in the base so that it can charge . This was a constant aggravation . I can still hear the beep beep beep as they contacts try and make a good connection for the charging to occur.My advise ? Avoid this one .
 I bought this because of all the great reviews and I am very disappointed . This is only for gadget geeks as it takes at least two hours to program it and even then none of it worked properly . For example , my new Sony HDTV is listed on their list , but not an option for the HDMI input needed for a DVD . Therefore , when using the DVD I have to pull out my old TV remote and switch inputs . The software you use is archaic and confusing and the unit itself has a cheap feel , not what you 'd expect for $ 200 . Mine is on it 's way back .
 As my first foray into the world of universal remotes , I bought this -LRB- not through Amazon -RRB- earlier model of Logitech Harmony 720 Universal remote control about three weeks ago , after reading the many rave reviews I see here . I have bought other consumer electronics and housewares at this site and have often navigated here to read reviews , but will always remain wary of internet testimonials . I was hoping to replace six remotes in one main room and another four in a second room - in the main room , the cable company 's cable-box remote which was actully fine for controlling the three basic pieces to watch TV -- and five additional Sony remotes I had at my chair-side table , which I would typically need to use to make adjustments using my Sony Receiver which handles all my other Sony A-V and music components -LRB- BD , DVR-VCR combo -RRB- for the home theatre and entertainment system , -LRB- all out from the STR DG920 all on one HDMI input to the XBR4 - as it should be -RRB- . I 'll admit I 'm not the most tech-savvy , but I am told by my younger blood that I am well above-average for my middle-aged years when understanding and setting up and even complying and adjusting to necessary and esthetic improvements -LRB- real or marketed -RRB- changes in this consumer entertainment world of toys and new and -LRB- ahem ... helpful ? -RRB- gadgets . I 've never had a problem understanding Sony 's lousy and much-maligned set-up manuals , for example . No problem for me going online , and adding a digital photo from my PC 's photos as I enjoyed personalizing the display and setting it up initially , but after many failures to get it to work properly , I got NO help from the remote 's * help * button , then after spending over THREE hours on two separate occasions during two phone calls to Logitech 's provided * 800 * phone support , there still was no resolution of a few problems . They were stumped as well . The phone support personnel are polite , patient , and willing to stay on the line to ATTEMPT to resolve problems , but they are ineffective and it seems like they are simply reading from scripts and not very intuitive or genuinely personable to help do the job . Problems include setting up the ACTIVITIES to work as they should for not only my main home theatre system , but the four-component A-V system I have in a second room . I wanted to be able to carry this remote from one room to another and eliminate the look-alike remotes ... but there seems to be no advantage over the Bravia synch of Sony . The Logitech Harmony 720 feels good , looks good , and seemed promising , but making changes and setting up the devices to work in so-called harmony is not working for me . It is frustrating and provides no real advantage , since the thing has to sit in its charging base which must be wired to a wall outlet . I 've gone back to using my Comcast-Scientific-Atlanta box and remote for our regular digital TV ; and for home theatre -- the multiple Sony remotes I am used to for tweaking the system or customization . The old way is faster and easier for me . Clutter , yes , but I think I wasted about a hundred bucks and a few hours of my time . I prefer to use the Bravia synch I have become familiar with . Sorry , it 's not harmonious and quite illogitech .
 i bought one of these from a warehouse club at a clearance price and i 'm glad i did n't pay full price ... the hype and marketing from logitech would lead you to believe that you connect your remote to your computer , connect to their database , enter your products and you 're done . . that was n't my experience at all , the software i needed was n't on the disc , i had to d/l 60 megs of software before i could even use the basic functions of the remote . . after entering all my info i discovered that there is a bit of troubleshooting to do in order to achieve anything useable from such an expensive device and even then i was n't impressed . . to date it still has a problem trying to figure out which input to use when i want to watch a dvd and it pales in simple commands when compared to my remote from comcast , with my remote from comcast i can change the channel on the cable box and adjust the volume on the tv without having to change the function keys . . on the Harmony remote i have to switch the remote from cable to TV in order to accomplish the same task , there just might be a way to make it behave similar to my comcast remote but at this point i do n't have the patience as i 'd rather learn something that i could benefit me in my career ...
 March 2 , 2008By Nancy D -LRB- Colorado -RRB- - See all my reviewsI have had this for one week and spent the first two evenings just trying to get the software downloaded.This remote does not do what the ads lead you to believe.If you purchase this , you better keep your other remotes handy or you will not be able to operate your other devices . For example -LRB- after 7 evenings of trying to get this piece of junk to work -RRB- , when I press `` watch a DVD '' the DVD player turns on but not the TV so I have to get the remote for the TV and turn the TV on and then choose AV.There are more problems but I am exhausted from trying to get something to work on this remote so I will just say , please , please do not buy this product.I did try to email them -LRB- on their very poor web site -RRB- but the email would not go through . I printed the manual and I have accessed their software repeatedly but I can not get it to do anything other than what I described above.I am going to return this as soon as I have enough time and energy to ship it back .
 Truly ugly ... earlier designs were sleek and fit well into the hand . This thing is like a rectangular brick ... and customer support has deteriorated , where anything beyond how to put a battery in is elevated to level # 2 , which never responds ... the technology is good ... buy any of the earlier models ...
 Ignored emails , hung up on twice , said I did n't have an account ... well how was I logged in ? They do n't know , I live in Canada they say ... actually I live in Oklahoma . I am DONE with this company !!! Hopefully I can get a FULL refund for this useless piece of junk .
 The poor review score because of software it died in less than a year.The remote control unit is the perfect design . Good placement of buttons , nice touch , intuitive design . Sturdy unit for 10 months of mid-moderate use . Then the screen went haywire . The screen is unreadable . None of the buttons work either . I did n't sit on it or anything ; one day it was just fried.Until yesterday when the screen died my biggest beef had been with the software . Indeed , it controls everything in the Living Room AND Bedroom . But not without much irritation during the programming stage . Navigation within the remote control unit does not suit navigation within the online programming software . Remote commands learned in one Device may not be accessible in another Device , which is n't a big deal when you actually have the manufacturer 's remote , but if you 've lost your original remote , it 's needlessly complicated , and maybe impossible.I did n't use to be fond of the online aspect ... you have to be online to update your Remote . But Logitech upgrades its software all the time , so having it online like that is actually good . The software HAS IMPROVED over the past 10 months . The unit , however , is done for . I 'll try again with a newer model.Buy the unit , but get the EXTENDED WARRANTY when possible .
 I had this $ 150.00 remote for 2 years then suddenly one day it stopped working . While it was working it would never turn on all the items it was supposed to and the battery life was pathetic ! I will never buy a logitech remote again !
 Set up can take longer than I would expect . I would have expected the remote to accept all of the functions of the individual remotes but it does not . It was even a standard Sony tv that does n't make the link . Once it is set up , it is difficult to change the original settings .
 First the good , harmony remotes are hands down the easiest to program period . Now the bad , it seems if you do n't spend at least $ 150 dollars on a harmony remote , its not worth the money . I ordered the 720 based on all the good reviews , recieved it in the mail charged it up and it worked fine . The problem I had with this remote is the quality of the workmanship , the remote has an overall feeling of cheapness , the keys did not feel solid when pressing them down and the whole remote creeks everytime a button is pressed . I can not count the times I have dropped my current remote out of bed onto the floor , honestly the 720 would ` nt survive one drop in my opinion . The blue backlighting is worthless I was in a near dark room and could barely read the keys even with the charger set to its brightest setting . Verdict , harmony remotes are the easiest to program and are best for one touch controls , but do n't waste your money on the lower end harmony remotes , the price to quality ratio is way off , I 've owned $ 10 dollar remotes that were better built .
 This remote was great at first . I have multiple devices and thus several remotes . This remote manages all of them with ease . There was n't a device that had a remote that i could n't control with the 720 . however , after only 1 year of use , several of the buttons stooped responding . I would have to push down on the REALLY hard to get them to respond . basically , became a use pain to use . Of course , since they stopped working a few months AFTER the warranty had expired , I could n't get it replaced . I have several friends with harmony remotes and they all experienced the same issue to the point where they all just ended up having to buy new ones . There 's a reason why some of these models were n't on shelves for very long , but Logitech wont admit to the fault of the remotes .
 We bought this universal when our last Harmony died after 3 years of use - it was awesome.When the remote initially arrived , it had a very strange , sticky residue/film on it that I ended up scrubbing off because it felt gross . It left a tacky feeling on your hands , too . I probably should 've returned it right then and there , but I was hopeful that the rest of it 's abilities would prove worth the effort.Sadly , 6 months down the line , it 's having difficulty charging properly -LRB- and sometimes wo n't recharge at all -RRB- , the middle `` ok '' button does n't work half of the time , and despite knowing very well how to handle operating , training , and using these kinds of remotes - I could n't do exactly what was needed to seamlessly move from simple things like an on television watching cable to watching a dvd -LRB- it would turn off the TV every time -RRB- etc. . It became a little ridiculous to have to set up multiple actions to essentially do the exact same thing minus one small piece of the calculationUltimately ... disappointed :-LRB- Between the tackiness at the get go , the charging issues that started up about 2 months ago , the little glitches here and there with programming/simple function that were things my much older remote could handle . The semi-broken OK button is sort of the cherry on top . I really wanted to like this remote , it 's sleek , the screen is nicely displayed - but functionally I felt like it was a waste of money . I should get way more than 6 months use out of a rechargable , new universal remote for $ 100 : \
 Hard to review this since I never even put the battery in but there was a HUGE issue that stopped me in my tracks.I bought this to replace the old 880 , which I LOVED , and was working great into it 's 4th year until my wife dropped it in a glass of water . Sadly the 880 is gone . I did n't want the One because I liked the buttons instead of the touchscreen so I settled on the 720 which I gather was the 880 replacement.I have no reason to think the 720 would n't have served as an admirable replacement to my beloved 880 , except I never got around to trying.This is the thing : The back of the remote is meant to be `` soft-touch '' but the `` soft-touch '' coating on my unit was faulty or others that review here have an extreme tolerance for gross substances . The coating itself was smudging , getting on my hands . I could press my palm on the back of the remote and it was sticky enough to hang there.Heartbroken , I repackaged it and sent it back . I will have to find something else .
 We 've purchased 7 of these 750s now , and so far we 've gotten 2 years or less out of three of them . We had 2 bad batteries and 1 that had software issues . Contacted Tripp-Lite -LRB- even though it was purchased from Amazon -RRB- , and was met with a 40 min . barrage of questions and instructions to call back with a wattage-voltage meter handy . Figured it was easier to just go buy another unit from a different manufacturer , but then contacted Amazon first . 5 minutes later I got off the phone with a refund which I spent on a model 850 . We '' ll see how the second and third ones go . An extra star here for Amazon service !
 I was really excited about the possibility of having internet radio available away from my computer . I enjoy listening to the radio at night while I go to sleep but the local stations -LSB- are not good -RSB- . I found out about and bought the iRhythm remote system and a stereo with an aux input so I could use it . The iRhythm remote was -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- but the stereo was not . Unfortunately the remote does not work well at my location . I can get a signal if I prop up the receiver within 12 feet of the sending unit but it has a lot of static . This makes it virtually useless for me . I also have trouble opening the software and I am not sure whether it is a server problem on the net or what . Sometimes it works sometimes not . I will say that I have Windows XP home , and that is not supported by iRhythm but I do not think that is the problem . I still want remote internet radio and will buy the first thing that comes out that looks like it will work . Maybe the Philips MC i250 ? Fingers crossed here .
 I purchased an SC-FM1 radion in September 2005 , it worked for about two months , than I could not get a siganl . I logged a defect ticket with Sirius radio assuring me that I would receive a replacement radio within 30 days . Well , its been over two months and counting . Sirius customer care says it may be several more months before I get a replacement radio . The product is bad , and the Sirius customer service is worse .
 The radio arrived with a crooked display and hard to use tuning knob . The package had obviously been opened before , so I got someone else 's reject . Beach Audio will not pay return shipping under any circumstances , not even for sending me a defective product !!! So I am out $ 12 in shipping and have no radio .
 I purchased one of these radios before Christmas and it works great . I decided I wanted another for work , so I ordered another one.I recived my radio a couple of days ago and had to send it back because the `` preset '' weather stations are off the mark and the only thing I can pick up is distorted and garbled . They sent me a replacement and it too is off station . At this point , I 'm wondering if the first one I got was the exception . I do NOT reccomend this product unless you just want an am/fm radio , that part works great.This will be my last First Alert purchase unless I can try it out first !
 Should be zero stars in the review , but it will not accept 0 . Very hard to insert the batteries , poor design and cheap materials.Weather channel selector is hard to work.The NOAA alerts are not received by the radio.Weather stations are not set correctly , you can hear bleeding from other weather channels.Would not recommend this item .
 I received the radio in time for Christmas but the weather channels do n't function . I double checked the frequency and also had another weather radio which works , side by side to this radio . It does receive am + fm but not the weather channels .
 This radio receives AM , FM and all seven weather alert VHF channels . Notably it does have an alert mode where audio is muted until the homeland security folks or NWS sends an alert tone that will activate the radio 's alarm.It may be powered by 4 AA batteries or by a supplied wall power supply -LRB- UL listed -RRB- . It has a about a 20 inch telescoping antenna . It is available from a number of sources in the $ 18 to $ 25 range.Overall audio quality is sufficient and clear for this small radio.AM reception is poor
 Cheap and would not buy again . Thought seriously about returning the radio but it worked outside . Does not work in our bedroom which is where we need the radio at night . The sticker that has the radio tuning stations on it is crooked inside the radio case so tuning is somewhat challenging . The instructions are not clear . I still do not know if the radio has to be on for the emergency alert to sound or if it comes on automatically when set to alert . Anybody know ? Overall , try to find something with a little more quality .
 This radio worked for me for about three months . After that the channel switch failed and I can no longer get emergency alerts and can barely pick up the weather broadcasts . Save your money and do not purchase it .
 Ordered this item thinking since it was First Alert that it would be good . I wanted a radio with weather . No so . Will not pick up any weather station on any band . Complete waste of time and money . Would return it but I threw the box away before I checked it . Yeah , I know , not very smart . That wo n't happen again . I went to Walmart and bought a Midland for less money . Do yourself a favor and get a Midland .
 The ad stated the item was a DFE-670TXD but I was shipped a newer model DFE-690TXD . The reason I was purchasing the 670 was that it was the only model that would work with my equipment , so now I have a 690 I can not use . Next time the shipper should check with the buyer if a newer model is OK before shipping . Otherwise the card arrived in good time and in working order . -LRB- I assume it works , since I ca n't use it with my equipment . -RRB-
 Do n't get me wrong . It looks nice , the radio sounds fine , but who in the world would design a clock radio that shows the radio station you 're tuned to NOT THE TIME ?!! It 's in my office and I listen to the radio , but I ca n't just glance up and see what time it is - no - that would be too easy . I have to turn the radio off so it will return to the time . Then I turn the radio back on so I can repeat the process ten minutes from now . The other reviewer gave a great list of other problems , but this was the one I found to be the worst . Audiovox - pull your head out !
 I bought one of this in Jan. 2003 , then the trouble began.The wireless signal was very unstable and I never got a full 11M connection even the laptop was within 10 feet from router.The router even dead frequently after I changed the configuration with the browser . I had to fully reset again and again.Then I called their tech . support and updated the firmware for 6 times . It was long waiting for everytime and I was even be dropped off several times after 20 min or more waiting!At last , they agree it was defect and would replace it . It was already two months passed.It took them another half month to ship the replacement.I just got it today -LRB- April . 17 -RRB- . The new one came with the newest firmware , and lookss better for the wireless part . The signal can be stable around 95 % within 10 feet distance . But the configuration is still buggy . I have done reset 5 times within 1 hour , just wanted to enable wireless MAC control . : -LRB- So 3 months passed I still can not use this . What can I say . Never want to buy dlink again !
 The first one died , replacement has no working WI-FI and in bad physical shape . Called Customer support and they fianlly told me to go to RMA group . Informed then and they put me on hold for 40 minutes . Could not get back after that . So , I have paid full price + cost to UPS back one piece and have a no-working blok of plastice . I will be asking for money back at this point
 Like several other customers , I also can not get the wireless connection to work . Same symptoms as other posts -- works fine for a few minutes , then the connection goes to Fair/Poor and disconnects regularly . Basically unusable . If I unplug the unit , let it sit for a bit , and plug it back in , connectivity goes to Good/Excellent for 5-10 minutes , then back to Fair/Poor/disconnected . I have not found any tech support phone number -- could someone post it here ? What is their warranty and return policy ? I feel like I 've thrown my money away.If I 'm able to get a replacement , I 'll post a followup .
 I bought this router from techdepot about six months ago . I installed it via wireless connection along side with the DWL-520 Wireless card . Had to call tech support to get it running , the router and wireless cards both needed software updates to function properly . Their service was very helpful . It functioned properly for about 2 weeks and then I noticed that my wirless connections would not connect anymore . The light on the router had gone out as well . D-Link support said that the wireless portion of the router died and that I would have to send my router back to them to get a new one . To save costs , I drove it over to their manufacturing plant and picked up another one with little effort . After connecting the second router , the wireless portion worked for no more than 30 seconds before failing . Fed up with returns , I hard-wired the connections instead of using the wireless . I was very disappointed with this router 's quality and performance . The web features built into it are decent but for the trouble I went through to figure out what was wrong was not worth my time .
 I was going to replace my reliable old Linksys non-wireless router with this D-Link one . I chose it partly because of the integrated print server.In general it worked fine for most applications . However , I also use it to access my company 's network from home using VPN . This did not work well . I tried both wired and wireless modes for this with no improvement . I was n't able to download anything other than small files and it had trouble getting updates from the corporate email server.I tried working with customer support but they were n't able to help.I switched to the new Microsoft wireless router and it works fine and is much easier to setup .
 I 've had this router setup for 3 weeks and it died today . I 'm back using my Netgear RT314 which i 've used for past couple years without any problems . The D-link Dl-713P suddenly would seem fine but activity is nothing to the computers although the lights show no problems on the device . I checked the settings on the router itself and it shows there is `` modem not ready '' , but when I plug the Netgear in , it worked flawlessly ... so just boils the problem down to the Dl-713P . Another complaint is the print server part is very slow once there is a bit of activity on the router . Sometimes I do n't even get any printouts although the print que show them printing . I do n't think this unit works very well at all from my experience . The features listed for the Dl-713P seems tempting though , setup was very easy ... just plug and play.I 'm taking this broken one back tomorrow .
 This worked great for several months and then the wireless connection no longer connected . Tech support was not of help . I highly suggest reviewing the forums ... before making a purchase .
 i followed every word of the instruction but ca n't get the PC Card connect to it . I tried other 3 PC Card -LRB- diff . brand -RRB- . No dice . I tried another D-Link 713P . Wired ! It seems that everytime I switched AP , my PC card had signal but very unstable . But after a while the singal was gone again . Then by switching to another AP , the singal was back . Forget it ! I got a more expensive Linksys AP -LRB- w / 4 port switch -RRB- . Plug and play ! Better user interface and better looking -LRB- I think -RRB- . I was lucky that I was able to get a very good deal at amazon ... ! ...
 I can just reiterate what other people siad . This worked for about 1/2 hour then the wireless connection pooped out . After a reset it would hold a connection for about 5 minutes then poop out . Eventually the wireless part completely stopped working . I am well-informed about how to set these things up . The product was just defective . The customer support at D-Link was completely inadeqaute to say the least . I think I 'll buy another brand.BTW , the return process from Amazon.com has been completely painless . I 'm happy I bought it from them .
 When I received the router , it would not transmit a wireless signal . So I promptly called the tech support number -LRB- a toll call , bummer -RRB- listed in the quick start guide . I reached a recording that said to call another number -LRB- a toll-free call , yippee , and good thing b/c I would end up spending hours on the phone -RRB- . The first tech I spoke to said they had been having problems with the DI-713P and he would escalate my call to a `` Level 2 '' tech and have someone call me back . No one called back . I called again . This call was a repeat of first call , including the promise of a call back . Again , no one called me . Repeat this cycle two more times over the course of a week . The final solution from the last tech I spoke to
 I was lured in by the features of this wireless product wireless and wired connections , router , plus a print server , not to mention the -LSB- money -RSB- rebate . This was a bust . I plugged it in and actually had no problems connecting both wired and wireless . Everything was great for 30 minutes then I lost my connection to both . I unplugged/plugged it and was able to re-establish my connection for 5 minutes . I gave up on it after a few hours . What a piece of junk . BTW , my D-link DWL 650 did not work on my T21 Thinkpad . D-link you stink . It 's in the mail back to Amazon .
 I know several people with this router who love its price/performance ratio -- though not the most reliable or powerful , it may be the best value for its price.However , I 've gone through two of these from Amazon that work only for wired connections . D-Link technical support said Amazon got a bad batch of this unit with faulty wireless connectivity . D-Link could n't tell me whether Amazon had replaced the faulty batch or not . Just be careful when you order -- you might end up needing to replace the unit directly with D-Link .
 I had been warned by fellow IT workers to stear clear of D-Link , but I really could n't beat the deal that Amazon was offering for the unit . So I decided to give it a try , my bad ! The unit was defective out of the box . It would drop the wired signal in one second intervals on all of the ports . I was finally able to get it to stay steady at 10T Full duplex , but it would n't work at any 100 speed . I tried multiple cables and setups , no luck . The wireless also would n't connect at all ! I called their Tech Support and after talking with them and troubleshooting it even more ... no luck ! They said it was defective , I am returning it to Amazon ... NO MORE D-LINK FOR ME !
 The wired portion worked fine . Tried to use the Wi-Fi about a year later , and it appeared to be DOA . I have a Linsys USB adaptor , a D-link USB adaptor , and a build-in one in my laptop . The OS ran the gambit of Win98SE , Win2000 and Win XP . None can detect the Wi-Fi signal . Tried the most up-to-date drivers and firmware . Nothing worked . I am treating the antena as an ornament . I did n't think of using the Wi-Fi earlier because my laptops are bulky -LRB- 8 lbs -RRB- . Should have bought a wired router/PS with uplink port for a wireless AP . This way , if the wireless portion is bad , I 'm not facing an eyesore . The DI-713P does n't have an uplink port . I noticed that Linksys does not sell such a combo . Maybe they know something .
 After the good reviews this product received in August 2001from Mobile Computing , I purchased one . In the first sixweeks , it required frequent reboots , probably from itsweak firewall capabilities . Finally , it just stopped workingentirely and could n't be reached by ethernet or over theserial port via a null modem cable . The replacement unitdid the same thing in about 2 months.D-Link technical support is extremely unresponsive . It isalmost impossible to reach a person by phone and `` a certifiedengineer '' never calls back.Stay away from this product and avoid D-Link because of theircomplete lack of technical or product support .
 I have a Compaq Presario 1800 Laptop running Windows ME and a cable modem . My ISP is Charter Pipeline and provides the simplest means for connecting to the internet -LRB- I do n't have to supply any kind of MAC address to my ISP , there is no need to supply a host name , and they assign you an IP address dynamically -RRB- . My network interface card -LRB- NIC -RRB- is also made by D-Link ; it is the DWL-650 . I also have an HP LaserJet 1200 connected to the parallel port of the DI-713p . I bought this wireless router and NIC on Nov. 29 , 2002 and the first problem to show itself was when you tried to use WEP encryption . If you used WEP then the DI-713p would hang up -LRB- lock up -RRB- and this would cause you to lose your connection . To restore your connection you 'd have to power cycle the router . This was definitely not good and to add to the annoyance every time you power cycled the DI-713p the printer would spit out one sheet of paper with a little bit of random text printed.I contacted D-Link 's trouble shooting center -LRB- via email -RRB- , but their response seemed unrelated to my complaint . I replied to their response and never heard from them again . So much for automated support!However , I got past this discovering that not using any encryption seemed to resolve this problem and I found that the DI-713p used with the DWL-650 NIC worked very well with decent range , throughout our large house and just outside the house as well . The built in print server worked great and I really like that feature ! To add some security to my wireless network I enabled a MAC filter so that the MAC address of my NIC would be the only wireless connection allowed . With MAC filtering on , I had excellent , and trouble free , performance up until Dec. 10 , 2002 when the NIC just quit working . When the NIC failed I noticed that if you turned the NIC off for a while -LRB- let it cool down -RRB- and then turned it back on it would work for a few minutes and then fade way until it was n't working anymore -LRB- even with the NIC sitting inches from the access point - the DI-713p -RRB- . How disappointing!Luckily , I was able to return both items for a full refund -LRB- not counting shipping costs -RRB- . I do n't know what to say at this point . I really enjoyed this setup for the brief time that it worked and the print server was absolutely great . The non-wireless portion of the router still works , but I bought this router for its wireless feature.Next , I gambled that if there was some production issue with earlier models then they would be resolved in a relatively short time . After returning the DI-713p and DWL-650 I decided to order directly from the manufacture -LRB- at a higher cost -RRB- . I got the DI-714p with the DWL-650 + and found that these two units to work beautifully -LRB- although range is slightly less -RRB- . I 've run the DI-714p and DWL-650 + continuously for two weeks using 128-bit encryption and MAC filtering with very little trouble -LRB- I had to reboot the router twice during 336 hours of continuous operation - this is acceptable to me -RRB- . My only explanation regarding my experience with my previous wireless router -LRB- DI-713p and DWL-650 -RRB- was that I had an earlier version that had manufacturing problems .
 I bought the D-Link router because I thought the printer port would be useful , and the price was right . I spent 1/2 day off from work , on line with my DSL ISP and D-Link and the Westell modem tech support teams . My ISP provide dynamic IP addresses . The router never worked , except once for about 30 seconds , then quit . I retuned it and bought a Netgear wireless router . I plugged it in and it worked first time , no problems at all . I 'd stay away from this D-Link product .
 The 713P does not support HP printers and is not supportable if you are using ATI video drivers - these are the excuses used by their technical support team after several hours of troubleshooting to determine why my print server , after six months of pretty good performance , had stopped letting me print documents larger than one page and started dropping wireless connections.The technical support from D-Link is terrible . They admitted that it was probably faulty equipment , since it had worked fine for six months and without any environment change the router started to not print and also began dropping wireless connections.After several hours of troubleshooting , their senior tech came online and told me that they did not support HP printers in the 800 series and that because one of the computers on my network was using an ATI video driver they could not justify giving me an RMA # and replacing the unit , even though it did seem that it was faulty.Frustrating experience and while I used to recommend D-Link wireless products , based on their complete lack of support and dedication to avoiding responsibility for faulty equipment I would strongly recommend that you consider another wireless provider such as Belkin or NetGear .
 The D-LINK 713P worked for about 10 days and then the connectivity dropped every day progressively till it finally stopped working . I have an Orinoco Gold Card and can no longer connect to the 713P even when sitting right next to it . I have tried connecting with a Linksys card with no luck . Calls to DLINK are fustrating to say the least . As far as they are concerned the problems are related to the fact that I do not have a DLINK card . Go view the reviews on practicallynetworked.com . There are as many negative reviews as there as positive review which leads me to believe that the quality on this product is very bad . Stay away !!!
 The firewall/router part of the box so far has been flawless , easy to set up and works as advertised , but the wireless access point portion has been extremely disappointing . I am having the same problems as others who have reviewed , the wireless works fine for about 10 minutes , then begins disconnecting and giving horrible signal quality . This was with a D-Link DWL-650 and a Lucent Orinoco Silver , both doing the same thing even sitting right next to the box ! Do yourself a favor and pass on the DI-713p . Get the wireless access point separate from the firewall/router .
 It was very difficult to get set up . The Linksys BEFW11S4 was much more simple to set up . I bought the 713P and the wireless part did n't work and then I bought another one and the connection was so weak . My computers are in two separate rooms with two walls between them and the signal strength was always at none or weak . I did n't like the Dlink compared to the Linksys one .
 When they quit printing paper manuals some companies apparently decided
 I am very disappointed in this product . For a novice user it is extremely difficult to configure . I have a windows 98 desktop and it could n't detect the router . I could n't upgrade the firmware like others said cause it would n't even detect it . The windows xp laptop did detect the router but I could n't get it to work because the product came defective . I spend four days trying to install it and an hour with the D-Link tech support . Their magical formula was hold the reset button for 5 sec , and while holding it unplug the power cord for another 5 sec . Still holding the reset button , plug the power cord back in and wait another 5 sec . It did n't work for me cause they determined my router had defective ports but you can give it a try . However , I did find the tech support nice and helpful , unlike what the other reviews stated . For AT&T cable modem users , you must register the router 's MAC address with AT&T to work .
 Little did I know this when I purchased this product , and the wireless PCMCIA laptop card , to use with my new AOL DSL service ! Nowhere is this noted - DLink says it is because of proprietary AOL software that none of their products are compatible w / AOL . Only if you use another ISP to connect to AOL will it work -LRB- but that defeats the whole purpose -RRB- . I tried and tried to get this product to work with AOL before I knew about this , I could get the wireless units to talk to each other but not to the DLS modem . Now I know , after talking to tech support.I am giving this product 1 star because this is something that I expect them to note to potential buyers BEFORE they buy the product , since so many people use AOL these days . In addition , their product manuals are outdated -LRB- eg many of the screen shots are from Win95 , so there are many differences between the pictures and today 's systems -RRB- , and the setup/administration programs are crude at best . I do have to say that my tech support calls were always answered within a few minutes , though - no problems there .
 It took a couple of calls to technical support to configure the DI-713 router to work with my XP laptop and to tie it into Sprint Broadband . After a couple of frustrating days , it worked fine . Now , three weeks later , it has stopped working with the internet . After calling technical support , it appears that the router is no longer recognizing the WAN port , so I have to send it back for repairs .
 Despite 10 hours of work , I was unable to get this unit to work.I followed all of the advice that other reviewers posted - upgraded the driver/firmware , rebooted the router/system , etc. . Nothing . I have a laptop that connects to a wireless network at my office and its WAN monitor utility showed an erratic signal strength coming from the DI-713P . I was never able to get the D-link DWA-500 card to receive anything at all , even when I moved the host computer right next to the router . Eventually , the unit started failing when it attempted to get a DHCP address from the cable company . Rebooting and other voodoo practices had no effect - I was now totally off the network!I think I 'm going to bite the bullet and start routing wires in my wall so I can get a reliable connection to my machine upstairs.I do n't think this router is ready for prime time .
 Same problem as other people here have stated . Worked some what for the first two weeks , though my connection to one of my computers constantly dropped off . Now the unit is locked up and doesnt function at all . Customer support ? LOL - Documentation lacking ... Buy at your own risk
 Customer service was generally not helpful . For one thing , they do not seem to have a checklist or any kind of strong customer database to systematically walk you through steps to solve your problem . Dlink customer service also seemed to have several trainees when I called , and supervisors seemed unwilling to step in more quickly when these trainees floundered . The representatives often gave oversimplistic answers
 I purchased this unit after considering alternative such as linksys and hearing that it was the best product in terms of reach for wireless devices . I tried to get the unit going and after running into some random errors -LRB- one of the systems connected via ethernet cable kept getting knocked offline -RRB- i decided to upgrade the firmware w / the patch on the sight . Oops . Once i did that the system went into a state in which it was unreachable -LRB- flashing lights -RRB- . Second unit was sent out to me . Wireless was working great , still having a problem w / a -LRB- different -RRB- connection that kept getting knocked offline . OK , let 's try the firmware upgrade again . Upgraded , 100 % , successful -LRB- so the software said -RRB- . Then , slowly , each machine lost its connection to the web . I looked at the unit and noticed the system lights were not on - the firmware upgrade seemed to put this SECOND system into an unusable state - could n't reach it in any way , resets did n't work . dead unit # 2 . -LRB- and pls . believe me , this was not user error - i 've been pretty meticulous about it -RRB- . No idea what i 'm going to do next -- i suppose i 'll see if 3 's a charm and let you know . After that , i 'm taking suggestions on another brand for this wireless thing !
 I bought this wireless router and Dlink wireless card for my laptop two days ago - it goes back today.First off , I have XP on pc and XP pro on laptop.I am tech savvy enough to connect a home network and resolve most issues on my own.With that said . . at first the wireless card worked well with laptop and router seemed to be configured just fine for host pc -LRB- wired to router -RRB- . It was plug and play at first - XP makes it easy that way . Then ... the laptop couldnt see the pc - only the internet . Then the pc couldnt see the internet or even the diagnostic tool for the router located in a browser and typing in the default 192.168.0.1 network address . Then . . XP kept telling me a network cable had become disconnected every 20-30 seconds followed instantly by it telling me connection was obtained ? I played with the pc 's hardware by removing one of the two NICs and then moving them around within the pc . I upgraded the firmware for the router at the suggestion of customer service . i manually reset the router to its original settings per their advice . i powered everything up in proper sequence as directed . only step I didnt take was to throw the router at the wall . By the way - I found out that my apt wall is probably made up of steel and concrete - 10 feet away from the router base , through the closet wall , the signal strength of the wireless card was only 2 out of 5 lines . I cant quantify that further since the wireless card utility that is supposed to load on the pc to check the strength - did not load at all -LRB- cust service told me i could download it from the net . . whaaa ??? -RRB- Customer service agreed that its most likely defective and to return unit . But how can that be , the dummy light on the unit -LRB- M2 light -RRB- telling you its a defective unit , didnt come on ?? Oh the internal struggles within me - ' I can fix this , it has now turned into a quest . . , ' vs. ` Why am I wasting my time with this toy ? . . ` After 4 hours and 3 customer service calls - its going back . i will pay a little more and get a Linksys . Too many bad customer reviews ... to make me think its a fluke .
 I 've had my DI-713p for a couple weeks now , and it has yet to impress me . I had numerous problems during installation -- none of which were covered adequately in the manual 's troubleshooting section -- and still have yet to get encryption working properly . Once I did finally get the network working , I tried my computer upstairs -LRB- I have a small two-story house -RRB- , and the link quality and throughput were both terrible . This is the only wireless router I 've tried , so I ca n't really say how it compares up against the others , but I would n't recommend this router to anybody . If you do buy it , for whatever reason , make very sure you get the firmware upgrade -LRB- which itself is a major challenge to track down on dlink 's site -RRB- or you 'll end up with random lock-ups .
 First shot was wonderful . Noticed recently , sometimes the wireless connection just simply ca n't connect or extremely slow to the wan port no matter how close you are . Also noticed a strange thing that one of my wired PC could n't connect to the router through another hub , which never happened before when I used the Linksys router . Want to switch to LinkSys ? Take a look at many reviews of LinkSys wireless router products . I would go back to wires and return the products if I have n't had thrown out the boxes and sent out the rebate forms . With testing as career , my advice is that think twice before going wireless at this time .
 The wireless networking is fine . The print server does n't work . The documentation is sparse .
 Bought a D-LINK wireless router and D-LINK USB adapter . The hard wired LAN works but the wireless adapter ca n't connect to the router . After hanging on the phone with D-LINK support people for whole night , finally I gave up . I borrowed an Efficient Networks router to test the USB adapter , it works fine . Good luck to the people who want to buy D-LINK product . If works , go to buy lottery ticket .
 When I was looking to purchase a router for my new broadband connection I thought that instead of just purchasing a router I would purchase a wireless router . Well I came upon Dlink and I purchased this product , against the guidence of one of my friends who said the product would go bad in a few months , because it was very inexpensive compared to other companies . Well I can assure you that I will NEVER buy from Dlink again . I 've had this product for about 6 months and it has died on me just like my friend had said it would . I called Dlink and the first few tech support guys i talked to were very unhelpful . But I finally got in touch with a tech guy who cared and he did n't seem too surprised that the product died . Infact he said he 's surprised it did n't happen sooner . So , I 'm being sent a new one and i 'm immediately taking it back to the store to get a product from Linksys . I do NOT recommend this product to anyone at all . It will die and has very horrible compatabiltity as it interferes with panasonic phones . Definately buy a router from Linksys or another reputable company that has GOOD products and helpful technical support .
 D-Link made a false promise when they said it supports VPN Pass through -LRB- PPTP -RRB- because it simply does not . I could not get this thing to work with my and my wife 's work VPN . Tech support is available 24 hours but what is the point if they do n't know what they are talking about . This product is great if your plan does not include connecting to a VPN behind another firewall .
 Well.Wired part worked out of box.Wireless did not - neither for ORINOCO nor for my Addtron card -LRB- bothw orked with Linksys WAP11 -RRB- . So I upgraded firmware - no effect . I found on dlink page in FAQthat I should downgrade the firware . I did it - after that unit does not respond at all.Also D-link support -LSB- stinks -RSB- - there is no phone support ! Just e-mail . And do not believe in whatis written on the box 24/7 i it just to 6PM PST - nothing after that time.Jacek
 Product seems to be OK but if you run into any trouble forget about it . D-link tech support is clueless . They ca n't speak English , and they have no knowledge of their own products much less basic networking . I bought a D-Link wireless USB NIC along with this product . Tech support could not even tell me what one of the two products was at fault . I 'm returning both items and I 'm getting a Linksys router and NIC . You get what you pay for , and I recommend you pay a little extra for another wireless brand .
 I was not able to get this product to connect to my cable modem provider , RCN . Although the network worked internally , it never could receive a signal from outside my LAN . I spent four sessions on the phone with Tech Support from their third party vendor -LRB- Support Concept -RRB- and did not get it to work . The configuration was a one-way cable modem with Hybrid cable box . This experience was the opposite of that which I had for Linksys BEFSR41 4-way cable/DSL router which recognized the network immediately .
 The D-link 713-p came in defective and Dlink has had a very big problem with this unit.Think twice about buying this you 've got a 50/50 chance of getting it to work .
 This item does not work in a house because it has difficulty transmitting throuh walls or around corners . After calling the help line to make sure we had set everything up correctly , the manufacturer confirmed that it is really designed for a very large office space without walls so that the signal can travel at a straight shot , and that almost all home users were reporting very poor performance of the product .
 This product is , at best , an engineering prototype . Do not buy this if you are not very well versed in computers.When this unit freezes , the only way to bring it back up is to connect a null modem cable , reset its ip address -LRB- 192.168.0.1 -RRB- and then reboot -LRB- via a terminal window -RRB- . When my computer is connected to this , using an ethernet connection , if I were to unplug the connection this unit freezes.It is very unstable and this is with the firmware upgrade ! Mine is on its way back to Amazon ... VERY DISAPPOINTED ...
 After sending the first one back because it was Dead on Arrival , I figured I 'd be okay . Nope . My wireless card connects at a blazing 11 Mbps , DHCP gives me an IP address and I 'm off surfing . Then I lose connection . I reboot the computer , nothing.HOWEVER , IF I REBOOT THE ROUTER , I GET CONNECTIVITY AGAIN -LRB- FOR A FEW MINUTES -RRB- . Do not buy this router . I 've connected to a friends Linksys and stayed connected . I gather from these two things that it 's the router that -LSB- stinks -RSB- , and me for not just getting my money back when the first one showed up dead . D-Link has * no * quality control .
 ... I 'm writing this review for anyone who is considering purchasing the D-Link DI-713P router.DON ' T DO IT !!! First of all , it 's a piece of junk . Secondly , even if you just have to have a D-Link router and none other , the prices listed for this item are too high , though the security of buying through Amazon.com may be worth the extra money ... My bad experience with the DI-713P router mirrors the experiences of many other customers who have reviewed this product on this site , which I stupidly failed to read before buying . Basically , my router wo n't recognize wireless signals , which makes it just a garden-variety wired router , with a print server but with only 3 ports . It cost WAY too much for that . I 'm going to try to get some relief from D-Link in the form of a rebate or a switch to a newer model . I 'm not going to hold my breath , though . I 'll probably wind up buying from another manufacturer .
 I had the wired setup of this router working in 10 minutes . The print server worked well too . But I could not get the wireless to work . After talking with three different D-link support reps all trying different network configurations for a total time of 8 hrs I finally followed the suggestion of the last rep and send the unit back . ...
 Initially , everything seemed to work fine . The firmware got upgraded and over the next several days . I fiddled with different variables trying to evaluate and optimize the performance . The unit would boot and connect at 11Mbs then over time the connection would degrade to 1Mbs . I was only 20 feet from the router!The radio seemed to drift and lose signal strength . Not being sure if it was my Netgear card in the laptop , or the router , I picked up the Linksys router to troubleshoot with . Unlike , the D-Link product , my range is better and the connection quality seems consistent at 11Mbs . All indications are that the D-Link transmitter is flaky.Take a guess which one is going back . It 's a shame , because the D-Link product had a great price-point and feature set , but the number one feature , wireless , just did n't make the cut.Tom
 I recieved a defective 713p . Router works wired , not wireless . VERY POOR documentation included with product and on Web site , no excuse for the later . L1 tech support is not trained , first guy told me that Dlink cards have known issues w/win2000 , second guy could not tell me if problem was card or router . Neither could escalate me to Level 2 support , they took my contact info and told me to wait 2-3 days for Level 2 to contact me . I finally got hold L2 rep who knew what he was doing 7 days later L2 rep calls me from original call -LRB- s -RRB- Dlink = No Mac Support
 Hi All , I wanted to share my cable internet connection with my laptop I use downstairs and bought the DI-713p Broadband router and DWL-650 PC card . I got the router hooked up and working right away and then loaded the software and PC card into my laptop ... it worked for 4 minutes and then quit ... I then reinstalled it all and the same thing happened . I upgraded the firmware for the laptop and nothing ... I tried all the fixes in the manual with no luck ... then after hours of this I read something on the net again about firmware again and upgraded the routers firmware ... then boom ! It worked ... until I rebooted ... I upgraded the firmware a second time and boom ! it worked again and then kept working . When I reboot my desktop with the router I sometimes have to go to the setup page and renew the IP setting to get it to work again with the wireless pc card ... this will happen if I turn the power off to the router and modem too at shutdown but it seems to be a reliable connection otherwise . I love having my cable speed on my laptop . I do n't like the way D-Link ignores the common firmware problem and still sells it 's products with old firmware and no notification . When you go to the homepage for help you do n't see anything about upgrading firmware as a fix and I learned of the firmware fix here ! When you go to D-Link 's page it should be written in large fonts . . '' ... You must upgrade the firmware ! '' ... I believe that products should work right out of the box ... I 'm not sure if I 'm keeping it yet but so far so good ...
 I found the router of my dreams - wireless , 3 ports , plus a print server , plus a $ 50 rebate . This was one of those things that sounded too good to be true - unfortunately , it was . When I first fired it up , everything ran great - wired and wireless -LRB- D-link DWL 120 and Orinoco Gold PC card -RRB- . I was very excited and dismantled my existing Linksys router and add-on hub . My mistake b/c 30 minutes later , the router lost its wireless signal . The wired signal was solid though . I thought maybe it was a fluke so I unplugged it and replugged it and everything came back up ... . this time only for 5 minutes !! ... I fought with it for several hours until giving up ...
 I bought one of this in Jan. 2003 , then the trouble began.The wireless signal was very unstable and I never got a full 11M connection even the laptop was within 10 feet from router.The router even dead frequently after I changed the configuration with the browser . I had to fully reset again and again.Then I called their tech . support and updated the firmware for 6 times . It was long waiting for everytime and I was even be dropped off several times after 20 min or more waiting!At last , they agree it was defect and would replace it . It was already two months passed.It took them another half month to ship the replacement.I just got it today -LRB- April . 17 -RRB- . The new one came with the newest firmware , and lookss better for the wireless part . The signal can be stable around 95 % within 10 feet distance . But the configuration is still buggy . I have done reset 5 times within 1 hour , just wanted to enable wireless MAC control . : -LRB- So 3 months passed I still can not use this . What can I say . Never want to buy dlink again !
 Bought the D-Link DI-713P Wireless Router 4 months ago through Amazon . Have not been able to get it to work with SBC Ameritech DSL provider . Have been shuffled around from tech support rep to tech support rep for almost 4 months now . They could not figure out why it did n't work so they punted and sent me a replacement router , hoping that it was a hardward problem . No dice , same problem . A buddy of mine also wanted to go wireless and asked me to help him out . He 's on SBC Ameritech as well , but is moving soon to an area that is serviced by Direct TV . He wisely called them up to get a recommendation regarding routers and was told that most of their trouble calls come from D-Link owners . So we got him a Linksys yesterday . It literally took me 5 minutes to get everything out of the box and working . I 'm still waiting for a promised call from Dlink 's `` level 3 '' tech support .
 The real problem is they sent a replacement unit to me and it also did n't work . I 'm now waiting for yet another replacement to be sent ... . More to follow .
 I do n't know what dissapoints me more the weakness of the signal , the weakness of the tech support , or the fact that I cant install any of 3 different printers even though I bought this router -LRB- as opposed to most others -RRB- because the print server is supposedly built in . I live in a one bedroom apartment . You ` ld think Il 'd get a signal anywhere in the apartment . Well think again . My laptop gets a poor signal which constantly cuts out breaking any connection I might have had . The thing is impossible to configure cause xp drivers sre not included in many products -LRB- I bought the farm , an usb adapter and a card - the upgraded 20 % better connection one - lol , for the notebook -RRB- and if after holding endlessly you get a person at tech support feel very lucky if they know what they are talking about . Since I spent days trying to configure this `` network '' I called tech support about a dozen times . I got through four times and got a knowledgeable person once . And since they are only supposed -LRB- allowed ? -RRB- to stay on with you for 15 minutes - that slipped from an incompetant who told me I needed Microsoft support -LRB- lol again -RRB- . I 'm still trying to configure it to get 1/2 of my dsl bandwith I used to get -LRB- on the wired nic -RRB- and am really tired of this whole stupid experience . I 'm the one who is stupid for not getting one of the systems that other reviewers suggested after having a similar experience with D_Link . BTW you can share your printer through your main or wired computer and though there are performance and convenience costs -RRB- you dont need a printer router and can probably better use the 4th port .
 I ended up having to return this product . It was suggested as an add on purchase for the pair of outdoor speakers that I bought , however when the speaker mounting kit came it only contained one mount . There are several mounting kits avaiable that contain two mounts , and cost about the same as the one mount advertised here . It did not seem cost effective to buy two of these kits to mount my speakers .
 This makes me so angry when I purchase something off amazon thinking I am getting a pair and only get one . As in the case of these mounts . Nowhere does it indicate that there is only one mount . I do n't mind paying for two just please let me know when I am only getting 1 of something that there should be two of . Its like going to buy socks and them not coming in a pair . Sorry sir you only purchased one sock you will have to buy another . What the f * % @ . SO EVERYONE REALIZE WHEN YOU BUY THIS PRODUCT YOUR ONLY GETTING ONE -LRB- 1 -RRB-
 I must say , for such a ... piece of equipment , this device is not made very well . Before I purchased the Compaq , I owned a Palm V. Whereas the Palm never failed me , in less than a year of ownership , the Compaq has developed several problems : * My Compaq has fried its memory repeatedly * The stylus no longer clicks into place , that mechanism has apparently broken . * The silver coating is coming upThe color screen is nice , but does n't make up for the headache or the cost . I wish I 'd just purchased another Palm V when my last one was stolen .
 After a great deal of research , I decided to purchase a DI-714 for my home network . Unfortunately , when it arrived , it did not live up to the promises made in its behalf.I run Linux on most of my computers , and therefore , wanted a wireless broadband router compatible with Linux . For whatever reason , the DI-714 would only allow me to access its administratiive functions via a Windows computer . I need to clone the MAC address of my network card to the router in order to connect to my cable modem . Here again , the DI-714 failed to `` remember '' the new MAC address . I eventually found out that my unit would n't even allow me to change the admin password.The last straw broke when I found out that , rather than the advertised wireless range of 300 feet , I could only get about 3 feet of wireless range of any kind . Even after upgrading to the latest firmware version -LRB- that actually worked , I was surprised . -RRB- these problems remained . I eventually returned my DI-714 and bought a newer D-Link DI-614 + . The DI-614 + does everything that the 714 could n't , or would n't , except allowing a backup modem connection -LRB- the 614 + lacks that feature . -RRB- In all other respects , the DI-614 + is superior to the 714 . Its wireless connection is capable of 22 Mbps , its firewall is much more advanced than the 714 's firewall , and it allows filtering of individual websites or keywords for `` parental control . '' If your looking for a wireless broadband router , get the 614 + and steer clear of the DI-714 , you 'll be pleased that you did !
 Overall installation was very easy , up in 15 minutes.I found the wireless component of this product very good . Decent range -LRB- whole house -RRB- , easy to setup . I hear you should use encryption to hide the backdoor of this product , and any `` piggybacking '' from the outside.The initial install was very good . Using DHCP from ISP , all went together well . All my computers found the router without problems , and received an IP address.This product goes straight down the tubes with its advanced features , which is what sold me . I can not get its `` virtual server '' settings to route HTTP , FTP , Telnet traffic to internal servers . The `` ALL -LRB- DMZ -RRB- '' setting was the only way to get one server visible on the outside , which defeats the purpose of the firewall . I was only able to get one of three computers in the DMZ . Also , with DMZ enabled , I was not able to VPN -LRB- using IPSec -RRB- to my company 's private net thru the router . However , with DMZ disabled , VPN works fine.I am using the most updated firmware , which shipped with the product . Hoping there is a upgrade soon to fix this hunk of junk , and allow it to do what I want it to . I had a friend who bought this , and returned it in two days for the DI-713P , which he reports works much better.Support is free , and not very helpful . Reboot the router , upgrade the firmware or send it back seem to be their favorite replys . Do n't try to call the support phone number , because you will never hear back . By the time I got around to trying the advanced features , my trial period was over , lost my receipt and original packaging . Definitely re-thinking this purchase ...
 This is the worst product I 've encountered for the computer . Not only was it a difficult installation , but the tech support disagreed with each other on various calls , although they were nice . It took 8 calls before they informed me that this product does not work with Toshiba Satellite laptops . Yes , it does not work with my laptop and they do n't know why nor do they state so in the manual -LRB- let alone on the box -RRB- . I took it back and bought a Siemens Speedstream and had it up and running in 30 minutes .
 This Router -LRB- like most of their products -RRB- is the product ofa company founded on widespread mediocrity.As a Network security Engineer , and even more importantly , the guy that many people try to keep up with technologicallyI have to say that D-Link has successfully embedded themselvesin the technology market . They are the company to buy from ifyou do n't mind paying an average price for below averagequality.If you want a real broadband router try Linksys they costabout the same but are better overall . I think D-Link needsto narrow their product range and put more effort intotheir product quality as they seem to be spread too thin .
 I purchased the Pioneer DVR-X122 last year and had no problem playing or writing CDs , or playing DVDs . However , when I tried to burn a DVD for the first time , the writer did n't work . I could send it in for repair , but I 'm not going to bother with a product that did n't work to begin with .
 not stated anywhere on here , but there is only 1 mount . it 's the mount i wanted , as i purchased a pair from radio shack before . however , who wants to order a single mount at this price ? close to the price for a pair . i guess i should have known better . trick you when they can . totally not worth the time , effort , and especially the money . do n't buy , unless you want to pay more for 1 mount , to mount 1 speaker .
 I was very excited about this drive . I read many positive and enthusiastic reviews on it before I purchased . It was said to be the best and fastest for Windows Vista Ready Boost . Well , it was fast . I was pleased . For about 2 months . I noticed a slower response in my computer and was researching what to do about it . Then , one day , it just stopped working . End of story . I am not happy with it and do not recommend it . My daughter uses a Kingston and has about the same response time that the Apacer did , and she has been using it for about 9 months now .
 These worked ok for a few years but a speaker fell down -LRB- loudly -RRB- when bumped by a housepainter . There are better products for the price .
 Would have rather made one with DIY parts than to buy this one . . this is kind of cheap Chinese garbage . . America . . America . . America
 01-27-03 : You can get the USB 2.0 version for 59.99 at CompUsa and many other places . So spending 62 bucks for the older slower technology is just silly . USB 2.0 is 10-40 times faster .
 The DX-929 is only a 40 channel radio , I wanted a single side band radio . I had to get RMA return the 929 for a 959 . Now I am very happy with the new radio . I had to pay a little more for the DX-959 , but it does what I want and now I am happy . Great service and no problem making the exchange . Just remember the DX-929 is not a single side band radio the picture shows a radio with single sideband but it is wrong .
 What a piece of junk . Only after you adjust the brightness and contrast to the limit , can you make out a faint image . The manual is a joke . I tried to contact Jwin customer service and got no response . Do not waste your money .
 This may be one of cheapest digital frames out there , and it 's clear why . While it theoretically has quite a few nice features , the still -LRB- jpeg -RRB- picture quality is very poor -LRB- fuzzy -RRB- and and video would not play properly at all - it was broken up , despite my using Edge 's own branded media . After reading the instructions and online FAQ , to no avail , I quickly decided to return it and look for a better quality , -LRB- ie probably more expensive -RRB- unit . More trouble than it was worth , especially in terms of my time in troubleshooting . I have had another poor experience with an Edge product previously and probably will not give them another chance to waste my time !
 Everything about this fryer is a hassle . It gets progressively hotter and hotter and is too hot for most foods , you will have to learn when to pull the plug and plug it back in as you cook to get the right temperature , I have never been able to fry battered chicken as it burns way before it cooks the chicken , basically if its not potatoes then its too hot and needs to be unplugged . You will eventually melt the stupid plastic lid , either by putting it on before it cools off enough or plugging it in without paying attention to the lid , once it melts then thats it for your lid . Not having a basket prevents you from salting right after pulling from the oil and having it adhere to the food , it takes too long to scoop everything out and the salt just doesnt get `` sucked in '' like it would if you salted it seconds after like they do in the restaurants.But the worst thing by far is how hard it is to clean . Dumping the oil causes it to dribble down the side since theres no pouring lip and cleaning off cold oil is one of the hardest things to clean . You have to use both hands to dump it because its hot oil and theres no handle , then cleaning it is a pain because you have to be careful water doesnt get on the electronics . After awhile the outside becomes gross and grimey.The only thing it has going for it over normal fryers is being able to put it in the fridge . Do yourself a favor and spend another $ 15 for a fryer with temperature controls and removable oil bin -LRB- and basket -RRB- , $ 15 savings is not worth the cleaning hassle this thing brings .
 ... I still recommend a fryer with adjustable settings to avoid overcooking , a wire basket that is convenient . Other products with lower price has the above additonal features .
 liked the compact design ... but not having a temp gauge can be a real problem .
 I purchased this product a little while ago . When it broke , it broke in the most dangerous way imaginable . Suddenly the thermostat stopped cutting off the heating element . The oil -LRB- fresh vegetable oil -RRB- continued to heat -LRB- well beyond the smoking point -RRB- and ended up popping and exploding all over my kitchen . The room was so dangerous to enter that I had to cut off the circuit breaker to my entire kitchen in order to stop the nightmare . Presto 's only solution was for ME to pay the shipping to send the product back to them and they may or may not be able to help me . Are you kidding me ?!? They 're lucky I was 15 feet away at the time and did n't get injured or they 'd have a lawsuit on their hands . Please beware of the dangers associated with this product . Consider buying one with a lid or splatter screen instead .
 No basket to pull out fried food , no temp control , no frills . Spend the extra money and get something you will like , unless you fry once or twice a year .
 As soon as i got this item , i tried to cook . But , i was kind of disappointed with it.First of all , oil is too hot . i knew that there is no temperature control . However , i just expected it 'd keep proper temperature while frying something . Even the food i fried burned too much even though it took less than 3minutes to fry.Secondly , the exterior is too hot . Just Watch it out ~ ~ !! lastly , the spatula it came with is useless . Unlike picture on the box , it is made by plastic . Since oil is too hot , plastic spatula might cause be harmful substances .
 I used the proper amount of oil but it still bubbled over . I made calamari rings and at first it seemed to be fine . After the first batch however it started bubbling up and I had to quickly spoon out the bubbling oil to keep it from making a huge mess on my counter . It gets scary hot in seconds which I like but the bubbling over not so much . I know water can cause bubbling and steam so I dried the squid before I dipped it in the batter . Unfortunately I threw out the box . I would 've returned it .
 It will fry , but : you have find a lid to cover itthere is nothing that will tell you that you 're ready to frythe bottom gets very hot
 Worst product I ever bought , also the most dangerous . I have three small children and this is not something you want sitting on your countertop without a lid . Brought it home and used it to deep fry mozzarella sticks and my whole house smelled like a greasy restaurant kitchen for 2 days . The body gets VERY hot , due to no insulation , takes forever to cool down , and it comes with a puny little slotted spoon to get your food out , where the food falls off as you 're lifting it and plops back into the fryer and splashes oil all over . The worst $ 15.00 -LRB- Walmart -RRB- I ever spent . Brought it back the next day
 This deep fryer is a basic deep fryer for college people or people that just got married , its not good for families with very young children or elderly because of splatter all over the place and its hot and no basket , this is only good for simple things like chicken nuggets , chicken tenders and fries and onion rings and something small to fry up.I have asked a family member to get me a deep fryer for Christmas and they got me this and we are both disapointed on this deep fryer , yes it does the job well done and the chicken we had in it was great tasting but , my husband had to defrost the chicken because when you put frozen chicken in this it went all over the place , the last deep fryer we had had a lid and handle on it and it was more safer then this.Again if you have small children in the house or your elderly and also disabled you should avoid this deep fryer and get a better one just a heads up .
 The second time I used it > just quit heating I E-mailed presto Three weeks agoThey said send it back witch cost me $ 10.00 ups . Have n't heard from them since.A copy of their reply ... Shipping ` prepaid ' means you pay for the shipping to us.We have a one-year warranty on our products . You may return theproduct tous for inspection/repair/replacement . We recommend shipping the unit either UPS or insured parcel post . Sendtheunit to
 This thing need a thermostat and a knob to control the temperature . Everything I throw in there from fried chicken to tempura turns into a dark brown / black color.Please look elsewhere for a fryer I 'm stuck with mine .
 We ordered this to use to make french fries now and then . It arrived quickly , with no manual inside -LRB- original packaging ordered directly from Amazon -RRB- . We figured we just plug it in and get frying ... I plugged it in and poured the oil in and started working on the rest of dinner . I have small children so I thought I should probably move the fryer further in on the counter , so I pushed it with my thumb and forefinger ... Two 2nd degree burns and a trip to the emergency room later , this thing is going in the trash!How could a name brand fryer not have a warning that the black matte finish on the outside of the unit gets as hot as the inside ?!?!? I just assumed -LRB- wrongly , I know -RRB- that the sides were insulated and that as long as I was careful not to splash the oil , I 'd be fine.I 'm shocked .
 Who ever heard of ordering a deep fryer , and it did n't come with a basket?Ordered this for my mother trying to replace a FryBaby . It 's not at all clear in the product description that you have to separately order a basket.I 'm wondering if all of these fryers come without a basket . It should be disclosed .
 Purchased this fryer to make donuts . Discovered it did not have a temperature gauge and when frying donuts , it burned them on the outside and they were totally raw on the inside . Total waste of dough and oil . Returned to store as ca n't imagine what one could use this for . When it comes to frying , Mommy knows best , ... not Daddy .
 it was a lot smller than i thought it would be but it cooks very small batches of food it would be perfect for a couple or a single person not a big family .
 The shiny part of the lower part of the fryer is metal . When you plug in the cord , that part becomes extremely hot . And because it 's an external part , any unsuspecting hands will burn . Very Very unsafe product .
 Since there is no temperature adjustment the oil got too hot and scorched the batter while leaving the food undercooked . There is also no power button so when you unplug it from the wall it sparks . Took it back . It was easy to clean , though .
 The temperature control on this item was either faulty , or non-existant . Food got really brown on the outside and was hardly cooked on the inside . I do not recommend this product at all .
 Product is made ok but is smaller than I expected . You ca n't cook too much at once .
 The cord attachment has short prongs and the cord is held against them by a magnet in the plug . This makes a loose and dangerous connection likely to spark . The plug is easily knocked loose . I do n't suppose that this would meet any safety standards . The cord is too short and if you put any tension on it trying to reach a wall plug , the magnetic plug comes loose . Since magnets are weakened by heat , as the unit is used more the connection will become looser . For the moment though , it works OK is a convenient little deep fryer , but the cord attachment needs to be changed ! So I would up grade my star rating , but the editor wo n't let me . Read both good and bad reviews before buying this product .
 this is a clumbsy product . The power cord does not snap into place , it is held in place by a magnet connection . It falls out of contact with the slightest movement or shaking of the cord . The heat shuts off and whatever you 're cooking , stops cookig . I do n't recommend this product to anyone.It takes forever to heat up . Once heated properly , it cooks OK.There are much better fryers on the market , this is not a good one .
 We had a series of light snows . I guess the post office could n't get their feet wet . They sent it back as undeliverable . Thanks Mr. Postal .
 I owned one of these for years and never thought twice about it , until a few weeks ago when our power went out . Several hours later after the oil cooled I put the lid on , and of my own admission , did not think to unplug the fryer . Several more hours later , after the power came back on , I woke up to a strange oily smell , went downstairs and found that the fryer had turned back on , heated the oil and MELTED the lid ! Talk about a fire hazard . The thing has no OFF switch ... if it 's plugged in ... it 's on . The next morning it went right in the trash .
 I tried this the first night that I received it . I was very excited-even though were not to eat fried foods . But the first night , after pluged in and oil getting hot . The electric fryer died . . I returned it the next day . Very disapointed ... Decided not to get another deep fryer
 I ordered this item as a Christmas gift in November . It sat unopened until Christmas morning when my daughter discovered that it was dented beyond use . Fortunately I saved the packing slip and she graciously said that she would take care of handling the problem . She said that she expected excellent service and I hope that she is right . All other orders placed have always come in pristine condition .
 i used it and it popped oil all over my face now my face is crispy
 This was the big present for the foreign exchange student staying with us . He is taking a cooking class and lamenting the lack of a fryer in the house to make his native dishes . But he brought in the packages today and this box has nothing but huge advertizements all over it . So he knows exactly what his present is . There is no way to make this a surprise gift for anyone in your house . I am so angry and disappointed . We knew he would be expecting a sweater or something and to be totally surprised on Christmas morning . I would return it but that would be a problem now too . We have no good options . Do n't have it sent to your house .
 Nice idea but does not get hot enough . By my fry thermometer it tops out at 290 degrees F . This is to low for proper frying , sorry .
 Recently bought the Fry Daddy and the oil was too hot because there is no temperature control . The oil splattered everywhere !!! I literally had to hold up a pot cover as a shield as my sister dropped in the food . Also the little spatula it came with is useless .
 Use the product within the 30days from when Amazon delivers because I did not and when I finally used it about 45 days after I got it , the fryer did not heat up properly . I have contacted Presto directly -LRB- after Amazon told me I was out of luck with them taking it back or replacing it -RRB- and sending it to Presto may end up costing me more to fix it than I paid for it . Very unhappy with Amazon not being more helpful since I have purchased 100 's of items from them but in their defense I did wait longer than their return policy to find out it was defective .
 The fryer is very small , so as you cook subsequent batches , the previous batches gets cold . It 's very basic
 On first use this unit heated oil to 400F . During cooking it never dropped below 380F . Because it was so high , I checked with two thermometers.My Chicken Fried Steak came out a mahogany color , and the crust had a definite burnt flavor . The frying oil was burnt , not reusable , and oil is not cheap.Most authoritative cookbooks recommend 320 to 365F for deep frying . The highest smoke point of readily available shortening is around 350-360F , Crisco recommends not to exceed 365F , only canola and peanut oils are above 400F . I would put the ideal temperature at no more than 350F , 50F less than this fryer.Presto Customer Service said I should only use canonla oil -LRB- contrary to the enclosed instructions -RRB- and if that was not satisfactory , I should return the unit.I was disappointed and surprised after good reviews .
 It is a lot smaller than I expected it to be.I have to do double or triple batches of food.It is only good for one serving .
 This is a terrible fryer for just about anything . Without a lid , splatter screen or basket , it makes a mess of both the kitchen and your food .
 I got this mouse for Christmas back in 2007 . since Dec of 2008 I have been having intermittent freezing and resetting of the mouse . After almost a MONTH of replying back and forth between Logitech 's tech support -LRB- their `` Gaming '' division -RRB- they finally decided my mouse was bad and would ship out a replacement . AFTER I sent the old mouse back . My replacement just shipped , another G7 . This is a VERY common problem with the G7 's and logitech has even ADMITTED TO IT . yet they keep shipping them out -LRB- Do n't believe me , google `` Logitech G7 Freezing '' STAY AWAY !
 Bought twoTwo went bad within a yearFirst one had trouble copy & paste -LRB- would erratically pick up only partial click and drag -RRB- Second oneAfter 40 seconds of operation , it cuts out for a minute , -LRB- NO ! It 's not a problem with Fz lock -RRB- . I feel both problems are related in that the actual design of the inner mouse mechanism is extremely vulnerable to shockI just work with these mice in an office environment - Do n't remember dropping them - If I did , it would only hit the carpetFor example
 Watch out . The mouse seemed to work fine . However , all of a sudden the pointer motion became sporatic and jumpy . Turns out any time my wireless G network got heavy traffic -LRB- a different computer running a backup to the server -RRB- the mouse got interference . I tried it several times and confirmed 100 % this to be the case . Back it goes .
 I just bought this mouse from amazon.com and just got it today , sounded cool and all online but i pull it out of the box and use it on my brand new mouse pad , a normal black foamy stuff mouse pad , and it didnt work ! I thought ok , it must be my batteries arent charged , i let them charge till the light went solid and put it in , still the mouse failed to work ! I then thought maybe the mouse pad is n't smooth enough . I proceeded to invent a cover for my mouse pad out of a page protector . It worked fine then , but why do i need a page protector on a brand new normal mouse pad ?!? It 's never even been used with another mouse , there should be nothing wrong with it and i ca n't just buy a new one because it has pictures printed on it I put there . The box even clearly says no reflective surfaces but it seems this mouse requires it to function at all . Other than this problem , which remains to be seen if it will be fixed when i call logitech tomorrow , the mouse seemed to work allright when i used it on my page protected mouse pad ! **************************************************************** Called Tech support today and asked why i ca n't use the mouse on my photo printed mouse pad their reply was `` the laser mouse has trouble reading the multicolored mouse pad '' `` a sheet of paper might work good instead '' `` it 's a bad design flaw '' - This all came from logitech 's tech support ! I did n't buy a $ 70 mouse to use a sheet of paper as a mouse pad ! They should label the box better | No reflective surfaces and no multicolored surfaces |
 Stay away from this mouse if you are willing to change the batteries everyday . It comes with 2 rechargable pack . Unless you turn off the mouse at night , the battery will need to be changed in the morning .
 The mouse itself is a great idea , but the battery life is horrible . I guess that is why you receive two batteries with this mouse ; they resemble cheap cordless phone batteries.I work from home , and can tell you the battery will not last through half a day of continuous use . I find myself having to switch batteries at the worst possible moments . - Sure it has a battery indicator , but it is covered by the palm of your hand.So for what I paid , the previous Logitech MX Laser is a much better deal . The battery life on that mouse lasts almost 3 times as long as the two combined which come with the G7 .
 Let me start off by saying this is a wonderful product by Logitech , I have never losed a connection and runs just like a corded mouse ! ... Now comes the gripes.First problem was the price . 66 dollars for a wireless mouse is ridiculous ... but a rebate saved me -LRB- so I ca n't complain -RRB- . But seriously , 6-12 weeks . . till money . c'mon now.Secondly the laser engine is a gimmick . There is no difference between the optical and the laser -LRB- used a MX510 , MX518 -RRB- . Thirdly , the foward/back page does NOT work with Mozilla FireFox which ruined this experience for me . The MX510/MX518 was able to go from the foward pages to the back with the side buttons , but the G7 does not have side buttons ... the scroller in the middle can tilt , but tilt is only compatiable with IE , NOT Mozilla FireFox ... this disappointed me greatly and I hope Logitech patches it somehow.Another problem -LRB- but solved -RRB- , was the rechargable batteries . The life was decent , to sub-par . However Logitech thankfully saves the day and gives two packs so it solves the problem completely.Basically for the price of US66 .00 , this is defintely not recommended . I would also say to avoid this ! ... unless the price drops to 15-30 dollars which is then worth a try.note
 I have to switch batteries once every 1.5 days . I do n't play any game so I have no idea why it is draining the battery that hard . Wonder how long the included battery would last . It is definitely not a GREEN mouse from that perspective .
 The first few months this mouse was great , but after a year , the tiny batteries have become annoyingly weak . I have another Logitech cordless I have owned for THREE YEARS that uses AA batteries , and I 'm not joking , I have replaced those batteries ONCE . These little rechargeable cards with the G7 are now lasting maybe 2 hours at a time.I 'm also having problems keeping the mouse connected . At least once a day , it will just lose communication with Windows and I have to unplug the cordless adapter , count to 10 , and plug back in so Windows will recognize the device ... . not worth the $ 60 - $ 70 price tag imo .
 This mouse was designed for serious gaming and it does a wonderful job ! As others have noted , the G7 is precise , adjustable , and comfortable to use . I have used the G7 for the past 2 years and I love it , BUT I would NOT recommend anyone purchasing a G7 for the simple reason that like all rechargable batteries , the Lithium-Ion batteries that come with the G7 will wear out and gradually lose their ability to hold a charge . One would expect that this would be no big deal since you just buy replacements ... after all , nothing lasts forever ! However , try to buy a replacement ... no one has them . I have tried twice over the last several months to buy from Logitech . Both times , they cancelled my order . Below is the actual message from Logitech : ------------------------------------------------------------ Thank you for ordering from Logitech United States . The following products have been cancelled from your order at your request or the product -LRB- s -RRB- is no longer available for purchase.Product Name Qty OrderedBattery 2 ------------------------------------------------------------ Well the order was NOT cancelled at my request ! So , it is clear that the product is no longer available and they do n't anticipate it being available any time soon . So , their solution is to just cancel my order so that they do n't have to carry it in their system as an unfilled order . That would look bad on their order stats . Until or unless someone addresses the issue of replacement batteries no one should waste their money on a G7 and I question why companies like Logitech , Amazon , and others still sell the G7 . Surely they must know what I know ... that replacement batteries can not be obtained , yet they still sell the product!If replacement batteries were available , I would rate this mouse 5-stars . As is , I give it 1-star . If you buy a G7 , think of it as a totally disposable product that will last you a year or two at most . Then plan to go shopping for a new mouse ... one that might last you a bit longer . *** Update
 The mouse itself works fine and I do n't have problems with range as I had with my last cordless mouse . However the battery will last only one or two days . Logitech states that 8 hioours of use is the expected life . It 's easy enough to swap the batteries back and forth , but still a small hassle . Most people should opt for a less power hungry mouse .
 This is one of those mice that has awesome potential but it does n't quite live up to it . Firstly the good points : Pros :1 -RRB- Fit is nice and ultra comfortable , perhaps the most comfortable .2 -RRB- No need for batteries .3 -RRB- Performance is excellent for the cursor , perhaps the best out there .4 -RRB- Great wireless range.Cons :1 -RRB- Drastically short battery life .2 -RRB- No forward button .3 -RRB- Buggy software .4 -RRB- Wireless is unreliable .5 -RRB- Compatability issues with other products.I must admit I was very taken by this mouse . When this thing works it is simply the best thing out there , but over time its problems really begin to surface . I bought it for gaming and for use with Adobe Photoshop and it that fashion it works wonderfully . Admittedly I find very little difference in how it functions within games than any of the MS Intellimouse designs that are available but this may be that my system is actually pretty good , so on a subpar machine you may find a performance improvement . The first problems that I noticed where with the software . The mouse did n't work with Firefox with the default drivers but this is fixed by downloading the updates from Logitech , so do n't even bother with the install CD . After this update all seems well however once again over time little problems show themselves . The software does n't always want to work with your existing hardware and after trying to figure out what was causing the issues by removing all of the keyboards and joysticks -LRB- the mouse repeatedly trying to open the address bar in IE -RRB- I decided to go without the logitech software and just use Windows default mouse settings . This solved most of its little idiosyncracies except for its occasional slowdowns on startup and a number of other little nigglies . So far the problems are all just little annoying things that I can live with , but after awhile I got annoyed at having to change the blasted battery all of the time and then the wireless lag hit . Many people have this problem and it causes the mouse cursor to hang for 5-10 seconds or so . In the end I decided that while this mouse is brilliant at times , it is too mercurial to be of use for me . I have abandonded it in favour of the MS Wireless Laser Mouse 6000 which works reliably and offers similar cursor accuracy for games and for Photoshop . If you are the sort of person who could tolerate its mercurial nature then this is a winner , if not , then there are better options instead of wondering two or three months down the track why you spent so much on an irritating mouse .
 So many things that I love about the G7 , its precision , light-weight , easy-to-change and recharge batteries , good feel ... etc. . However , in the past year I purchased 4 -LRB- FOUR -RRB- of these and not one of them would stay functional for longer than a few months . I purchased so many for work and home use . Each performed flawlessly until one day , generally several months after daily use , the mouse would begin to exhibit unusual clicking issues . Many other users have described my similar complaint . The mouse seems to lose connection the pc as the cursor will disappear , or random clicks will occur . Tested the mouse on several pcs in different environments to rule out interference or other problems . Tech Support promised replacements upon sending receipt and device back to them at my own expense , however it has been months with no response . Extemely disappointed in what appears to be a great mouse !
 I have two Logitech G7 mice on two different computers . These are great mice when they work . Unfortunately , I have had both go bad -LRB- at different times -RRB- where the mouse produces a double click instead of a single click . I tried basic troubleshooting steps where I reinstalled the software , removed the battery and clicked on the buttons for 5 minutes to drain the power from the device , but this did not help . I also connected a wired mouse for a few days and found that the problem disappeared indicating the problem was with the mouse . I contacted Logitech about replacing the mouse and found their support to be poor . They indicated that I had to ship back the old mouse , which I understand . However , they wanted me to pay for shipping this product back to them . When I asked whether this policy applies in California , where we have stronger consumer protection laws , Logitech disconnected the line on me . I was respectful during the entire conversation and just wanted confirmation that this policy applied to consumers in California.I am unhappy with my purchase since I paid good money for this device and had the device fail me in about 1 year . I am more disappointed that their support team was rude.It appears that a lot of people are happy with this mouse , but I wanted people to know the quality of support they will receive when they contact Logitech for any problems.I found other people having the same problem with the double click issue . Google `` logitech double click g7 '' and you will find other people with the same problem .
 Maybe my expectations are just too high , but I 've come to expect a lot from Logitech products . They 've been great in the past . Maybe it 's just this particular product . I 've read some complaints about the short battery life . Very true and disappointing considering it 's made to be a gaming mouse . And for several months I 've been having issues with bad buttons . Sometimes when I click on windows , they stay inactive . I 've found that it has something to do with the scroll button sticking . If I wiggle it a bit , it seems to relieve the problem for a little and allows me to select windows again . I 'll probably still try another Logitech , but I was disappointed with this particular one
 This mouse is all the positives that you 've read . It is a GREAT mouse IF you get one that is n't defective . I purchased mine in August/September and within a month it started acting up -LRB- on multiple machines -RRB- . The cursor would freeze for a period of 60-90 seconds - 3 to 4 times a hour . It did n't matter if I had a freshly charged battery in there or not . -LRB- and it 's not near any other wireless sources so it 's not a matter of interference and all drivers/setpoint are current -RRB- . I called Logitech 's customer support and since this mouse is no longer manufactured -LRB- so watch out if you 're purchasing one after the date on this post -RRB- they offered me a wireless MX Revolution or a wired G9 . -LRB- I took the G9 and will review that later -RRB- . So while the mouse is good there are issues with it - Logitech 's CS is superb . Although I 'll swear to that AFTER I get the new mouse : -RRB-
 I was impressed with the mouse on the first day but soon realized that it was a horrible mouse in the most important area . The cursor would skip from area to area on the monitor regardless of how close the receiver was to the mouse . My computer would fail to recognize the mouse after a while resulting in unplugging the usb cord and plugging it back in . This happened on multiple computers . In total the mouse was a disaster , I went back to my older mouse that atleast was useable .
 recieved a new one with same problem . tech support said its a common issue with this model . pretty useless .
 I have this mouse for over an year and it always had issues with disconnection problems . I talked to logitech and they said that they will send me a replacement and I have chosen Performance MX.This mouse was taken out from logitech and brought back after couple of months . The issue I have is also the top one is their forums . The customer care does not know if the problem has been rectified after a couple of versions of this mouse.its a good mouse with swappable batteries which i like a lot . Batteries do no last more than a week.Buy it and see if this works for you . you can always get a replacement with a warranty of 3 years .
 Sadly I have purchased two G7 cordless mice , both have developed the `` double click '' problem . I gave Logitech the benefit of the doubt with the first one and purchased a second one . After the second mouse developed the same problem I finally contacted Logitech customer support . I have been talking to them for a 1 1/2 months now and still no replacement mouse . I for one would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This mouse comes with two batteries . Logitech probably realized the relative short battery life and compensated by supplying an extra battery to swap out if the first starts to fade . This works if the second battery is good . Not in the one I purchased . One battery simply wo n't charge . I contacted Logitech and requested a replacement battery -LRB- it 's under warranty - whatever good that does -RRB- . They told me to contact the retailer - for a replacement battery ?!? No help there : Pack up the mouse and mail it back to the seller -LRB- Amazon in my case -RRB- and have them send me a replacement mouse ?!? A bit of overkill is n't it ? I just need a battery . Logitech will not put a battery in the mail and send it to me . Period !
 SO I got it and it was good for a year then it died . RMA i get a DOA RMA again 2 months later dead now I 'm trying to get a refund so i can get the G5 -LRB- much better -RRB- . Save money and get a G5 .
 I 've owned my Logitech G7 for 3 months now , bought it new at a Fry 's Electronics store . At first everything was great , I never experienced any dropoff in signal to the receiver or anything like that . My first problem with the mouse started about 1 month after owning it , I began noticing that the 2 rechargable batteries that came with it were already losing strength . . and they were n't holding quite as big a charge as they did when I first got it . No big deal I thought . . it still beats going through a box of AA 's in a month.Now 3 months later . . these batteries barely hold a charge at all . I replace them at least 2 times a day , sometimes 3 . And replacement batteries are nowhere to be found , or bought on Logitech 's website . . I could overlook this if the mouse could take normal batteries as well , but it ca n't . And that is n't even my main problem with this mouse . About 1 week ago , it began exhibiting some strange behavior and it will at RANDOM count my mouse clicks , as double clicks . This is absolutely maddening ... I hit back on Internet Explorer , it jumps back 2 pages , because of the double click . I hit forward once , in attempt to get back to the page I want , it double clicks again , and takes me too far . I try to move icons on my desktop , but the random double clicking opens everything I click on instead . And no , this is not a software issue . . I tested it on different computers both with , and without the logitech software . It also is not the double click speed setting . . I tried both extremities of this setting , and it still exhibited this flaw.So upon searching Logitechs website about this , I find that a multitude of people are having this problem with the G7 . Come to find that even people who had their mouse replaced by logitech -LRB- replaced with another G7 , that is -RRB- are still experiencing this problem after a short period of having the new one . This problem severely hinders both gaming , and work that I do on my PC.Finally I came to the conclusion that I just need to suck it up and face the fact that I flushed $ 100 down the toilet in buying this mouse . Steer very clear ... this thing is way more trouble than its worth .
 I spent a decent chunk of change on this POS , should have gone with razer instead , here 's why this mouse fails epically as a GAMING mouse :1 . Poor Battery Life . I 've had to switch batteries multiple times in a single session before .2 . Ridiculous Software . Comes with software that will kick you out of certain games to tell you your battery life is running low ... On a gaming mouse ??? Really ??? There 's a battery life indicator right on the damn thing , i dont need to have my applications minimized for that `` warning '' thank you very much . Absolutely brain dead by Logitech for a GAMING mouse .3 . The Famous G7 Just Stops Working Problem . Yes it is true , thus mouse will just randomly stop working , yes it 's supposed to be a gaming mouse , one that will just stop working out of nowhere , requiring you to physically unplug it 's transmitter thing wait for a few seconds then plug it back in again ... remember folks this is a GAMING MOUSE .4 . Finicky about certain surfaces .5 . Ridiculously expensive . I guess they had to cover the cost of all those returns somehow.I 've had this mouse for about 2 years or so now , I will not recommend it to anyone , unless I strongly disliked that person . Stay away and get a FUNCTIONAL gaming mouse instead .
 Mouse worked great for 1 month . Then would freeze for 5-20 seconds . Logitec said it was magnetic or wifi disruption dropping the signal . I turned off my wifi and cordless phone with no luck . Please do your research on any tech site . Same problem abounds more times than not . If this issue was fixed I would give it 4 stars , now its an expensive paperweight .
 Ugh . I read all the reviews but decided to buy it anyway . I am building a new gaming machine and wanted a wireless laser mouse to replace my aging Microsoft IntelliMouse Explorer 3.0 . First off , the mouse is a bit expensive . Amazon did have the best price around . Second it lacks a second thumb button . It also feels like a bowling ball and my hand became clamy . Finally the scroll wheel is huge and hard to click . I use the scroll wheel button a lot in Firefox . I 've never used a Logitech mouse and thought this one would be it . But no . I really did n't want a Microsoft mouse as I have issued with the company . I use a Kensington Bluetooth mouse on my Power Mac G5 and it works fair at best.Anyway after using the Logitech for all of 10 minutes on Christmas morning , I packed it back up and printed off an Amazon return label . I returned to my local retailer on the 26th to try the mice again and just ordered the Microsoft wireless laser 6000 . Again Amazon had the best price by far . I know I know ... Microsoft .
 If you on your computer all the time , . . then you have to swap out the rechargeable battery at least once a day . Waste a lot of time , . . I swich back to my original Microsoft mouse and that used 2 AA batteries and it last more then one month.Don ' t buy , you will get tried of changing battery everyday !! TRUST ME , . . YOU WILL GET TRIED OF PRESSING THE BATTERY RELEASE BUTTON ON THE CHARGER BASE , . . AND IT GET STUCK HALF THE TIME.AND THIS LASER MOUSE WORK JUST LIKE ANY OPTICAL ONE , . . DO N'T THINK IF YOU GETTING A LASER IS BETTER , . . ITS SURE NOT , . . I CA N'T TELL THE DIFFERENT.FINAL NOTE , . . BATTERY LIFE STINK , , , LASER IS NO BETTER THEN OPTICAL
 Great for the first few weeks , but it just shuts itself down after a while . Tried everything in the book . I 'm pretty sure it was the receiver that got too hot . Not very reliable at all .
 I 'm very disappointed with this product . I got it because my OTHER logitech mouse failed on me after less than 6 months of having it . The battery life is less than half of what the box falsely claims , and it becomes a harsh task to have to change it every other hour -LRB- YES I do turn the mouse off when I do n't use it for several hours -RRB- . It is too light and has an awkward feel to me . I had no problems until the first time it just stopped working for upwards of 10 to 15 seconds . I got this to play games , and to be playing away and your mouse to RANDOMLY disconnect and have zero response for several , seemingly long moments , it gets extremely annoying and product-ruining . I ca n't express how angry I am with this product , and it 's the reassuring reason I 'll never buy a wireless Logitech product again . I must have gotten two bad apples since the wireless Logitech mouse this one -LRB- failed to -RRB- replace also gave me bad issues.PROS : Handy battery gauge on the mouse , and easy to turn up and down sensitivity with the buttons.CONS : Very bad battery life.Disconnects VERY frequently , in which the mouse has zero response , happens every 3 minutes or so -LRB- I 'm not exaggerating at all -RRB- . I did look at the troubleshooting info and followed the instructions -- nothing worked . I always had the receiver less than 2 feet from the mouse , it still disconnected frequently.This is a bad product , I would recommend someone to incinerate this horrible product .
 Do not buy if you have other wireless or cordless items . The mouse stops working because of interference and the battery life sucks . It can really get frustrating during the middle of a important situation and your battery dies/loses connection .
 this is the worst POS I 've ever bought . It stops working randomly and might work for awhile , then the damn thing stops responding again . Over and over and over . I finally threw it at the floor as hard as I could . I feel better and I even think the mouse might work better ... if I glued it back together . Spare yourself and DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP.It 's so bad , I 've gone back to a wired mouse ... yes it was that bad .
 The batteries were completely over looked by Logitech . The mouse might function well but I can not get the batteries to last more then a day . I will not buy another G7 .
 Awesome mouse . Use it with my laptop to both work and play a couple of MRPG 's . However , during one of my extensive travels , I lost one of the batteries . When I called Logitech 's store to buy a replacement battery , the rep said I had to call the tech support , since they have to be processed as warranty replacements . Upon calling the tech support I was unpleasantly surprised that there is no way to obtain a replacement battery anymore . I was offered a new mouse at half of MSRP price , but declined the offer . So while the product itself is great , the battery life is fantastic -LRB- for a rechargable battery -RRB- , the support side ... well , sux !
 I bought this controller because it was on sale for $ 45.00 and for THAT price it is an acceptable mouse . It is comfortable and does what I as a web surfer need for it to do . HOWEVER the freaking battery issue is B.S. Changing the battery at least once a day is pain especially if the dead battery does n't get placed back in the charger correctly and leaves you hanging when it is needed . I saw all the complaints about this before I bought this mouse and thought to myself that changing the battery often would be no big deal . I 'm here to tell you - IT GETS OLD IN A HURRY . Bottom line is LogiTech is capable of much better products than this and you would be better off avoiding this mouse at any price .
 I used to be an avid Logitech fan , but my issues with this mouse has created a good deal of skepticism.To its credit , the G7 is a wonderful mouse , when its actually working . I picked it up for less that I got my MX700 a couple years back . The mouse itself as well as its lithium ion battery are remarkably lighter than the MX700 with its 2 AA 's . I can easily use this without causing myself the strain of the MX700 . The weight difference does n't seem much , but it adds up , believe me . Second , the mouse precision performs quite well , and the ability to switch DPI comes in handy . Do an internet search on the mouse if you 're more interested how this plays a role in gaming.Now , my problem arises with the mouse in its relatively frequent loss of signal . I say `` relatively frequent '' because it works probably 90 % of the time . But my MX700 did n't let me down even once in this area . Also , the 10 % of the time that it 's not working can be incredibly frustrating . Logitech sells it as a gaming mouse , but playing an FPS or even RTS where your mouse cuts out every so often is a major disadvantage.My biggest gripe is the lack of concern showed by logitech . I 've gone to their support site , filled out the issue and support request , waited , and got nothing . After waiting a couple weeks , I filled out another request , then another . I 've come to the conclusion that the support site is simply there for the purpose of getting some sadistic jollies off of providing users a false hope . Very disappointing.I have n't been more aggressive in pursuing the issue , myself , because I 've been using it with my laptop , and mostly for work . It works well enough for typical application usage , and when it inevitably goes out , I just use my touchpad until it starts working again .
 I bought this Laser mouse because I wanted to try and go the wireless mouse rout , what a big mistake , the mouse either -LRB- in a program -RRB- moves real fast or it moves real slow and the control buttons on the mouse are limited as to mouse speed , and the rechargeable batteries do n't retain there charge very long about a day and a half and the recharge bay only works when the computer is on . I am going to wait a long time before I revisit the idea of a cordless mouse . Do your self a favor and stay with a corded mouse .
 I have used Logitech Mice in the past and did n't really care for them . They did n't seem to have the right feel . Microsoft Mice , on the other hand , always felt smooth and comfortable.When I decided to buy a cordless mouse , I bought one from MS. It was great for two or three months , then it died . I returned it for a replacement and it too died after two or three months . So , I decided to give Logitech another chance.I bought this mouse a little over a year ago . Like MS mice , I found this mouse to be comfortable . Unfortunately , the battery only lasts a day or so . After that , you get endless pop up messages on your screen telling you to replace it . If you wait too long , it dies . -LRB- Which happened to me at least once while playing a game full screen - the pop ups did not show up then . -RRB- The only good thing about this is that it comes with two rechargeable batteries and a charger . So , you should always have a freshly charged battery on hand . My MS mouse used regular store bought batteries and they were supposed to last for six months.Personally , I 'm getting sick of the daily battery replacement swap . I think I might buy another MS mouse . Even if I have to get a new mouse every few months , I think I 'd prefer that . So , I vote thumbs down for this mouse .
 This is a great mouse when you first get it . Lightweight , super precise , customizable buttons , egronomic , good looking . But when used regularly for long periods , battery life suddenly goes into the toilet . That is , you end up swapping batts seriously every 10-20 minutes . This started after about 6 months . Super disappointing . Went back to the trusty MX700 . G7 is now collecting dust , both batteries dead . Along with my heart .
 I have been using a Microsoft mouse , that used standard AA batteries for years . I got sick of having to hunt down new batteries 2-3 times a YEAR . I purchased this mouse because of its rechargeable battery . However , I am very disappointed with its battery life . I have had the mouse for few months now , the first month , I had to swap the battery ONCE A DAY , annoying , but not too bad , I would have assumed that a Li-Ion battery would last longer than AA batteries , I cant believe it has to be swapped DAILY . The biggest problem is that every time you recharge a battery , it reduces its life , I knew this from the beginning and expected the batteries to last at least a year or two , however I am already am finding that I am swapping the batteries about twice a day . At this rate , I will probably be swapping the batteries hourly by the end of the year . I highly recommend going for a mouse that uses standard batteries .
 This was undoubtedly the worst money I 've ever spent on any mouse . While the mouse started out performing decently , it quickly degenerate into disconnects and cursor locks ever 4 to 5 minutes . Effectively rendering the device useless for any game or professional application . The quality of the mouse was abysmal , the support from Logitech abysmal , and worse , after looking around , I found that regular disconnects are not at all uncommon for this mouse . I strongly recommend that anyone who is looking to purchase a mouse simply look elsewhere . The G7 is a poorly made product that guarantees little more than frustration and frequent interruptions .
 I have had this mouse about 3 months now . The mouse feels good to the touch and the adjustable settings are very nice . However , this is not one of the better mice that Logitech has come up with in my opinion . You only get about one full day on a charge with each battery . Yes I know that it comes with two batteries but if you use the normal charge setting you are looking at about 10 to 12 hours to get a full charge on each battery . Thus you will be leaving your computer on full time to always have a fully charged battery if you do not have a powered USB hub . The mouse is very light compared to the Logitech G5 . I personally like a heavy mouse and this one is very light compared to the G5 with the weights that come with the G5 mouse . I have been to the Logitech site and there seems to be a problem with getting replacement batteries for this mouse . I must admit that I personally have not tried to get replacements for this battery . I think my biggest disappointment has been that I was hoping that this mouse was going to be the wireless equivalent of the G5 ; the two mice have a very different feel to them . If you are a light computer user this mouse might fit the bill for you . If you are a heavy computer user or a gamer there are much better mice out there to be had by Logitech .
 I bought this mouse and used it for about a month . Then whenever I started up my computer , the cursor would not move ... Cheaply made.I 'd recommend the new wireless MX -LRB- if you do n't mind paying a little extra -RRB-
 The only complaint I have is that you are constantly changing batteries . Every two days . I can not see the advantage over this mouse and an equivalent that takes AA batteries and lasts 9mo to a year . If someone can make a mouse run on two AA batteries for 9mo to a year , why do I have to swap and constantly charge batteries every two days ??? This is the last mouse I buy that touts swappable battery packs . I thought the idea of a rechargeable battery was great till day two happened , followed by day 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , 12 , ... you get the idea .
 Do not buy this mouse . You do not know me personally , you are just going to have to trust me . Ignore any review that has more than one star.The sad part about this mouse is how great it could be . The multiple tracking speeds are wonderful , really good ergonomics , and plenty of quick button options that are very easy to set up . Unfortunately , all of these great features are for naught because this mouse freezes up constantly . I do n't know if constantly is a good enough word but it is all i have for now . Some days are better than others , but at the worst it can freeze up every minute or two . After doing some research , I found I was not the only one with this problem -LRB- Google Logitech G7 freezing -RRB- . Here is my favorite part of this mouse . In the instructional FAQ 's it says to keep the receiver away from electronic devices . Like a computer ? I do n't get it , especially since the cord is only about 3 feet long . I would call and ask for a new one , but then I would have two crappy mouses on my hands . There are tons of other options out there , choose one of them.One more thing , the mouse froze TWICE when I scrolled down to submit this review . It 's like it knows ...
 Same problem here . The mouse stop working after some months and Logitech support is useless.It was great while it worked though , maybe the best i tried after the apple trackpad.I 've tried all kind of things to make it work again but i could n't ; now i 'm considering buying a new set of batteries ... . who knows .
 I 'm now in the process of replacing my 2nd G7 mouse . I purchased my first about two years ago and it worked fine for the first 11 months when it developed the `` double-click '' problem . This is where a single left mouse click actually sends a double click to your computer . From reading online , it 's a mechanical issue with the left click switch . Also from my research it appears this is a common problem with the G7s , though I 've seen it happen in other Logitech mice as well.It was still within 12 months of purchase and the RMA went very smoothly , I was extremely impressed . They shipped me a replacement with almost no questions asked . Unfortunately 14 months later , I 'm in the exact same situation as before . Left mouse button is sending double clicks . I have yet to hear back from Logitech if I 'm able to get this one replaced too , but it 's highly doubtful . Do n't waste your money on a mouse that will last 1 year.On a lighter note though , this is by far the best feel of a mouse I have ever owned . I love the size and contours . There are a few extra buttons that , if you begin using them , are very handy . There are also not so many extra buttons you click them by accident . I 'm also a big fan of the rechargeable battery system , very nice . In the beginning you 'll see about 2-3 day battery life with moderate use . A year later I 'm averaging about 1-1 .5 . I do n't really mind though , it takes about 5s to swap them out and with setpoint installed you can have it alert you when the battery is low.All-in-all , I honestly think this is one of the best mice I 've ever used . Unfortunately it seems like the mechanical design/parts are sub-par making it a very short-lived purchase .
 The lazer went out within three weeks after purchasing the G7 but Logitech stood behind it and sent a G700 which is a much better wireless mouse as a replacement . WOOT ! for Logitech and their customer support . I 'm still a Logitech customer and fan .
 I agree with positive reviewers concerning the excellent precision and smooth performance of the G7 , but if you spend a decent amount of time on the computer daily you will hate this mouse and Logitech . What will happen is that you will quickly tire of having to swap to the spare battery every day or every other day . What 's worse is that you will soon realize that the G7 's batteries are propriety and there 's nothing you can do about it -LRB- i.e. buying more powerful batteries -RRB- short of returning the mouse . How Logitech can sell a premium mouse with no battery life is beyond me . I guess that 's why they give you the spare battery that is always charged . That , however , is just a band aid covering a power hungry design that is a great annoyance .
 My Logitech cordless laser mouse has been nothing but trouble . I first tried useing it for drawing and found it would n't track straight -LRB- waved up and down -RRB- . I was able to improve response by using a grided pad . When I emailed Logitech about the problem , I never got an answer . Shortly after , it started cutting out , like a worn out ball mouse . By changing desktop surfaces , it seems to get better for a short time , but then craps out again . I have changed batteries several times , put the receiver in different USB plugs , cleaned it , and nothing works . Clearly , some people have had better luck , but you might get unlucky like me . I would spend my money on something more dependable .
 I was really excited to get this mouse after reading some of the reviews . For the first couple of weeks it worked great ... now all of a sudden the mouse stops working at random ... sometimes upwards of 5-10 seconds.I have my mouse about 4ft from my wireless router , and only about 5 inches from the charging station ... so any interference should be very minimal and I do n't think that is the problem.Quite a few other people have had this problem as well -LRB- check the forums on the Logitech website -RRB- ... and some have had to send back their mouse 3 TIMES before they got one that actually worked properly . If you are using this mouse for a lot of gaming like myself ... get ready from some potential aggravation.This really seems to be a hardware issue that is still yet to be addressed . If I could do it all over again , I would get a different mouse , from a different company .
 HP 56 / 57 reman combo - The Black ink DOA . Cleaned the contacts . re-inserted several times - INOP . Color worked fine . You get what you pay for
 I have purchase this product six times over three shipments . Two shipments were returned due to poor quality . Often the entire box of CDs were manufactured so poorly that my CD burner will not recognize the CD as other reviewers had indicated . While the product is an eye grabber , they are a huge headache to obtain since Imation and/or Amazon do not have the quality product . If , by some odd chance -LRB- 33 % in my case -RRB- you get a usable product , it is wonderful . I do not think anyone should have to risk the hassle though . I do not recommend purchasing the Imation Business Card CD-R , especially if you are in a hurry to receive and use them !
 Even though I read a review saying this product did n't work I bought it anyway because I needed it for job interviews . Well I ended up returning them . I have a BRAND NEW burner and CD ROM . These CD 's are not recognized by either . The burn fails everytime and the CD ROM just spins the CD , then says that it can not read it.Buyer Beware !
 IT 'S DEFECTIVE ! IT DOES NOT READ OR RECORD AT ALL !
 after 3 weeks the unit went nuts no trans no recive and the frequcey meter went bunkers took 3 days to get a ra number seems like the new is not as good the old to late for refund or i would tell them to take it back PS THIS WAS A GIFT FROM MY WIFE SONNY POSTOL
 I bought the product and went through trying to install BOTH shields included , ruining them both . I followed the directions properly and was very disgusted with the results . Little bubbles never came out.The company wants me to try it again , so I may get enough to make it worth my while on my iPod touch . So far , it has not been a walk in the park .
 Well , this media DOES NOT work in my drive . I just made 2 coasters in a row . That NEVER happens to me . I am going to try them on a different burner to see if they work there . I feel ripped off now . : -LRB-
 This product has to be , by far , the worst value for anyone 's money , be it a free gift certificate or your own hard earned cash . Of the 15 disks I have tried to use of the 50 in the package , NOT A SINGLE ONE HAS WORKED ! THEY ARE COMPLETE GARBAGE !
 When I first saw the review and good rating that these CD-R 's had , as well as It 's Nice Low Price.I was excited and figured I 'd give these a try.And when I first got them I was impressed.They looked to be of Good quality and even had a pretty , shiny goldish look to them on the label side.I 'd thought I 'd gotten a great deal.But when I try 'd to record/burn things with them , THEY WERE HORRIBLE ! They would NOT work at all.These . . Khypermedia CD-R 's either just would ` nt work on my Drive , or they would cause both my computor & RW ; Drive to tottally freeze up . And the Only 1 that did kinda work , did ` nt even record properly and was nothing but a coaster afterwards.DON ' T BUY THIS!These CD-R 's are nothing but -LSB- trouble -RSB- ! It 's plenty worth It to just spend a little more to get a Quality Brand name of CD-R 'S that you can trust like : Memorex 's white 700MB CD-R 's .
 The product does not work as specified , and I have a very hard time believing any serious physical therapist or professional athlete could find this beneficial . It is indeed percussive , and it is very fast at the highest setting , but it 's not actually powerful . While it does vibrate the muscle a good deal , it does n't actually work deep knots out , but rather just vibrates them very quickly . While this may be good for more superficial knots , it is not good for deeper knots which come as a result of exercise or long years of pent up stress in the trapezius and/or neck muscles . In short , for the almost $ 200 dollar price tag , this device has a very low bang-for-your-buck factor . I believe one could find a product that does roughly the same thing for an order of magnitude lower -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- . Also , compared to a real percussive massage on areas of your body where you can perform it yourself , the device is sorely lacking . For this price , a device should be able to perform all types of massage techniques , rather than just one.In summary , if you want an overpriced device that get relieve tight muscles and superficial knots , then this is the one for you . Though you could also just stretch a few minutes a day and perform some quick massage on yourself to relieve and muscle tension and knots as well . Hopefully this review helps someone before they make the blunder of buying this device .
 THE FIRST YEAR OF USING THIS MASSAGER WAS GREAT , IT HELPED RELIEVE TENSION AND IT WAS POWERFUL ON THE 3RD SETTING . -LRB- IT MIGHT AS WELL ONLY HAVE ONE SPEED BECAUSE THE OTHER TWO HAVE NO POWER -RRB- ONLY ELEVEN MONTHS AFTER OWNING THE MINI PRO , IT STOPPED WORKING . I CALLED THUMPER DIRECTLY AND I WAS INSTRUCTED TO SHIP IT BACK AND PAY THE OUTRAGEOUS $ 35 + FOR SHIPPING . IT 'S STILL UNDER THE 2 YEAR WARRANTY BUT THEY WILL NOT COVER ANY OF THE SHIPPING COST EVEN THOUGH THEIR $ 189 PRODUCT FAILED ON ME WITHIN A YEAR . PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY , THIS THING IS NOT CHEAP AND YES IT IS POWERFUL , BUT IT DOES NOT LAST . READ THE OTHER REVIEWS , IT HAS NUMEROUS PROBLEMS WITH IT 'S DURABILITY !!
 Purchased New , First the positive
 This junk overheats then shuts down after a short use . For such expensive item this is unacceptable.A little read light comes on and then the massager does not work anymore until you unplug it and wait a long time to cool down . Then even if it starts , the cycle just repeats.I think you can guess where it was made.It is going back tomorrow , so I need to waste more money on the return shipping .
 The new Thumper Mini Pro 2 Personal Massager is n't as good as the original . The new one overheats and shuts down to quickly -LRB- 30min -RRB- The original one went for an hour with no problem . It is n't as strong as the original .
 We use percussion massagers on the soles of the feet , the back , and the legs ; and found this one to be not as strong as we like . We will be returning this as it does not do enough of what we want for the money we paid . We will keep looking for something that does a more vigorous job . If we had paid half of what we did . we could keep it , but we will put this money towards one that we like better .
 The product itself works fine , but the day after I received it , I was in Wal-Mart and saw a Home-Medics version of the SAME THING for $ 29.95 and decided to buy it to compare . I did not feel any difference between the 29.95 Walmart version and this $ 189 version . The Walmart thumper had more settings , AND heat option -LRB- if you like that -RRB- . When I contacted Pro Therapy Supplies to return this unit - because you have to contact them to get a return authorization number -LRB- sigh -RRB- - they informed me that there would be a 10 % restocking fee . So I figure I 'm out about $ 30 - $ 35 total just for ordering this product even though I did n't keep it . Take my advice , go to Wal-Mart and order the Home Medics percussion massager and save yourself a ton of money .
 I purchased this thumper because it is one of the most powerful consumer versions you can buy . I read other reviews and knew about it overheating every 10-15 minutes of use but decided to buy it anyways . I purchased it and although it did overheat with every 10-15 minutes of use , it did seem to `` get the job done '' . Well , here I am 6 months later and the unit has died . It was never abused but will no longer turn on . When I contacted the company in Canada I was informed that I will have to cover the shipping costs both ways . I was informed that it will more than likely cost $ 25 -LRB- American -RRB- to ship it in both directions . So , here is a unit with a 2 year warranty , it died after 6 months of use and I have to pay possibly anther $ 40 - $ 60 to have it fixed . Basically I purchased a $ 200 paperweight . I live in Michigan and mistakenly went to HoMedics to return the unit ... thinking it was a Homedics product . The customer service rep quickly realized that was n't one of their models but he was happy that I thought of HoMedics when I thought of thumpers so he shipped their most powerful unit to my house free of charge . So here we have the tale of 2 companies
 i bought this computer when it first came out . best Buy had a really good deal on it . The computer works like a charm and i love the amount of hard drive space . That being said it is not without its flaws , mainly the Dvd . I watched about 2 dvds burned a few movies and used the light scribe . about a week after purchasing I noticed the dvds I watched started skipping . also the burn speed was greatly reduced . I 'm burning dvds at a stunning .5 X and cds at a whopping 4x speed at max . Also playing games using the cd/dvd drive is severely slow . if you need a computer with lots of memory its good , but if you need a light scribe , dvd player/burner , or a cd burner think again .
 HP has the WORST customer service of any company of any kind that I have ever dealt with . I have never called without having spent at least one hour on the phone with them before the various extensions in India , none of whom are helpful . And once the service is complete the computer is usually returned with more problems than they were originally sent with . I would never buy another HP again
 Purchased this for a computer without a built in wireless receiver so I could move it away from the cable . The unit would not install the necessary software and I could not locate it on the accompanying disk . Tried to location it on the web page but that was difficult to navigate and was not a solution . The `` contact us '' function allowed me to send an email but never got an answer .
 This product is fair . It does function as described however it is not sturdy at all . As it plugs into the usb port , it is subject to being bumped easily . The exterior is made of plastic and the seams on the side are not attached solidly meaning when it 's bumped they separate . Once this has happeded , the connection becomes weak and rapidly deteriorates . For us , they are impractical as it was used on a laptop that is often relocated . Had to purchase a different adapter that was a little more expensive but much better made .
 I had a problem installing the adapter with Windows 7 and called SMC , the manufacturer . I was told this device is NOT SUPPORTED any longer . If you want support , you have to pay a small fortune for it with a 3rd party support company that handles these abandoned products .
 I purchased this USB wireless adapter for a Windows 7 64-bit desktop -LRB- clean install -RRB- to connect to our internet router . I downloaded the latest driver from the SMC website in order to enable use in Windows 7 , and all seemed well at first.I 've used this adapter for about 2 months now , and performance has been pretty spotty . After waking from sleep , I 'd say there 's only a 50 % chance that the adapter will reconnect . When it does n't , I have to go to Device Manager to disable and enable the adapter , or else reboot . I know that some computers have issues with USB devices and coming out of sleep mode generally , but I did try to follow various troubleshooting tips I saw online -LRB- to no effect -RRB- . Also , the other USB devices on the computer do not have any issue coming out of sleep , so I am skeptical that this is the source of the problem.Aside from the problems coming out of sleep , I 've had other random periods where the adapter will disconnect and the only solution to get my connection back is to reboot . The laptop sitting next to my desktop remains connected the whole time , so I know that the issue is at the computer and not with the router.Overall , I have been pretty disappointed with this adapter 's performance and am looking for a replacement device that will be more reliable . *** EDIT *** added info below re
 I got these for one use ... Gaming . When I got them , they were great ! The sound was clear , consistant , and the microphone was amazingly CLEAR ! The only gruge I have against them is that it broke about a month after I purchased them . Other than that , I 'd recommend them to anyone with intrests in gaming or any kind of entertainment .
 When I needed a headset , I got this one for the Labtec name and the price . After 2 WEEKS the headphones stopped working , and now the microphone is dead . My first email to Labtec went unanswered , hopefully my latest one will be answered . Nonetheless , when the headset worked , it had great audio quality , and did n't make my ears sore .
 I purchased this microphone because I wanted a hands-free microphone to use with Yahoo Messenger . Since this headset is one of the cheapest on the market , I thought I would give it a try . I like that you can easily adjust the microphone closer to your mouth for better voice recognition . It also picks up your voice as good as you would want for talking with another person . However , trying to use the headphones and microphone at the same time did not work for me . The microphone worked great , but it was very difficult to hear the other person in the headphones . I tried adjusting the volume on my system -LRB- I use Windows XP -RRB- , but no luck.I think the worst complaint I have with this headset is that it is n't one that will last a good amount of time . I used this headset for about a year when the microphone died on me . I think it may have had something to do with the fact that I was wrapping the cord , but still ! I also gave the same headset to my boyfriend , and the same happened to him . His microphone just stopped working.Okay , so I did buy another one of these headsets , but in the same day the piece that holds the microphone broke when I tried to adjust it . So now I have to tape it in place to talk with it . This was enough of a sign to tell me that I will never buy another headset from Labtec !
 This showed up in the same package as the generic -LRB- I bought two to have a backup -RRB- and they are EXACTLY the same , except for the price difference.Save your $ 3 and get this one - ePhoto Adjustable Swivel Hot Shoe Mount with 1/4-Inch Thread for Mounting Video Camcorder Monitors FT9712H
 I bought this to mount a monitor to my hot shoe . First , no matter how tight you turn the screw , the ball slowly leans forward . My monitor is light , like very light , and it can not seem to support it . Find something else .
 I must have a bad mount after reading all of the reviews . I 'm using this to hold a small LCD monitor on my DSLR and I could not get the Ball tight enough . The Set screw in the bottom is useless in keeping it from spinning .
 I have no idea why people gave this thing good reviews , I can only guess they are use to crap gear so they thought this was solid . It uses one single tension screw on the side to secure the top pivot ball meanwhile putting tension on the lower thread slot for your shoe or to go onto a Pico dolly or something . Very difficult to detach quickly from either end without loosing the ball tension so while your thinking u will remove the shoe u have to worry about the camera now wiggling on the top ball . Its basically cheap thin aluminum on the inside with plastic all around it . Very disappointed in Marshall .
 it does n't stay on the hot shoe of my t2i , its very very loose , i dont know if i got the wrong part or a dif version but it does not work on my t2i , its also not identical to the picture here , any sugestions ?
 I could not get this microphone to work on my computer . The sound came out of the speakers but no sound recording utility would recognize the fact that the microphone was there . Tech support would do nothing for me and I found myself with a usless microphone .
 I bought this mic for six dollars -LRB- excl shipping -RRB- and found it to be useless . There is too much interference and noise . It is not even fit for voice chat . May be I got a bad piece , but I will not bother to get it replaced .
 The very obvious ` Made in China ' sticker on each speaker gave me pause . One of the speakers had poor soldering where the wire leads from the input connector to the inside of the coil . The other speaker sounds pretty good but I ca n't tell w/o both of them functioning . For the price it was worth a shot , I suppose . I am of the mind that there is no excuse for something not working out of the box . It warns of quality issues across the board . My suggestion is that a buyer not get too excited about these speakers . Get 'em if you 're really on a budget and willing to take the risk that they will fail .
 This mic lasted me only 10 months and I had bought it for $ -LSB- a good price -RSB- . The sound quality is ok and you need to tune it through your audio wizard or sound can be very distorted . As someone else mentioned it was not a very good mic to use with speech recognition software but ok for conversations . Howerver , it just stopped working one day .
 I have to be so near to this mike for it to broadcast over my computer 's speakers that my breathing is picked up as well as my voice .
 This player is unreliable at best . Often , When you close the disc tray it does n't slide all the way back in so the player ca n't read the disc . I actually have to open the tray door and push the tray into place . Also , It will play a disc just fine one day , and the next the same disc skips , freezes , loses audio , etc. . Maybe it has overheating issues but I do n't really care . Any player that takes away from your viewing enjoyment is n't worth the money at any price .
 First DVD I tried , `` Starwars IV '' does n't work with this player -LRB- but works OK with my old player -RRB- . Ca n't navigate submenus , and only plays in Spanish even though set for English . A second DVD I tested seemed to work OK , but the player seems to have major firmware problems , so I 'm returning it .
 OK , this wo n't allow me to rate less than 1 star , but I 'd give it a `` 0 '' . . at the most . Well , I just wrote a review and I do n't see it , so here it goes again . This company absolutely sucks and their products are junk . . you 'll be throwing your money away . My DVD player stopped working after 3 months . Visit the forum at their web site -LRB- sungale.com -RRB- and you 'll see what I 'm talking about . Do n't be swindled out of your money because the product is cheap . . CHEAP GARBAGE INDEED !!!
 I consider myself quite capable when it comes to electronics , however I could not figure this one out at all . The dvd was not helpful and kept me on the computer downloading useless garb for about an hour , and the tutorial at the beginning of the manual could n't be used without downloading all sorts of maps ... which apparently costs money . I talked to the Garmin people and they said that this product has been updated due to complaints and misconceptions . It only has enough memory to download 3 states worth of data ... so forget about taking it on a cross country trip . Also , because you have to download the maps before you go anywhere you have to know where you 're going.I purchased this product to make my life easier , but it 's quickly become the biggest hassle of my day!If I could do it again I 'd spent the extra money up front and get a higher quality one . I have a friend with the touch screen and she swears by it . Make sure you really do your research before buying a GPS .
 I spend 9 hours to figure out what was going on i could n't download the map i had to call garmin then i called seller no help at all no one knows what was error finally i figured out but then i tryed on highway you know what there is no signal at all i had to wait for about 10 minutes to get a signal i shipped the item back to seller he refused to accept it but thank god Amazon.com A-Z guaranted claim .
 this was very hard to use , the seller was great and refunded my money upon its return
 This does not appear to be working correctly . My boss put in several addresses , even a couple within a block of where he was going , and it could not find the location . I would really like to return it for a credit .
 Some nice touches feature-wise including dual headband , which seems comfortable , and auto retractable cord.Now for the negatives : * Cord is very short , as long as is typical for on-the-go portables , not suitable for a full-sized set . * Sound quality sucks ! Sounds muddled , no mids , no highs , just mush . And heavy distortion from one of the drivers.Pass this one by .
 Mine was broken when I got it -- after playing a CD for about 15 minutes the sound would start getting really noisy and full of static . For the first 15 minutes , however , the sound was nice . If you get one that works it is nice . Also , note that for MP3 playback , there is no ID3 tag support -- basically it is really primitive and only shows a number -LRB- for which track is playing -RRB- .
 i bought this to play old radio shows in mp3 that do n't play on alot of better machines -LRB- the encoding is low i think -RRB- . they play fine but it 's very annoying to fast forward one show at a time and sometimes the buttons are n't responsive at all . it stays in one spot so it isnt getting alot of movement which might increase it 's life . all in all , it does the job and the sound is fine on my machine for my purpose but it certainly is n't worth any more than i paid for it . When i have the time , i 'll probably test other machines to see if they will do the job better . It does give better sound than my Rio portable mp3 disk player which i play thru a headset or speakers . the Rio has very low volume -LRB- which is probably why they lost the market to IPOD and are now not making them -RRB- .
 This is an unreliable piece of junk . I never could get it to play a CD-RW disc , it would not play mp3s very well -LRB- sometimes only recognizing the first 3 or 4 tracks -RRB- , and the cd player quit altogether after a couple months . The sound was pretty good though , I guess .
 It works well except for two large problems . I can clearly hear the spin-up and spin down of the disc during mp3 playback , and there is a relatively loud `` pop '' sound as one mp3 finishes and another starts . It 's very jarring , esp . as I wish to use this at work and do n't like to be distracted from my music . I tried using a better quality CD-R and burned it at a relatively low speed to avoid any other problems , but nothing helped . This one is going back to Amazon , and I 'm getting something else .
 It did not work well for me . I had originally owned the RCA Rcd148 , which had features the 160 does not have . The 160 has no search feature . It only has fast-forwarding . I could not choose the program I wanted to hear , as I purchased it for old-time radio shows . I could choose shows on the RCD 148 .
 This is a horrible MP3 player . I have a large number of MP3 files from different sources , most of them 128 to 192 kbps , and only about 20 % of them play correctly . Invariably they will start skipping in midstream , in a very regular but rapidly increasing way , which seems like the codec or memory buffer is messed up rather than the disc being scratched . It even does this on pristine , newly burned discs . I picked this player up on impulse at Target , and based on the other reviews it looks like I should have done my homework first . I wo n't be buying any more RCA products until they work on their quality control a little more .
 We bought this RCA RCD160 Portable MP3/CD player boom box with AM/FM tuner for strictly limited use , just to play a couple of hours per week , as we practiced our dancing . We certainly never took this item to the nearby beach , there was no sand in this baby . We used it , in fact , only in AC mode , never with batteries ; only the CD player , and that only sparingly , and extremely gently . We could hear the songs we played well enough , and found the sound quality acceptable for our limited needs . However , the product suddenly , without warning died on us , and that in less than a year . What a bummer !
 I have gone through 5 of these machines within the last year . Two machines came broken and ate 5 of my cassette tapes . This is not just with this cassette player but with my VCR/DVDRW player . I went through 3 of those in a year . When calling up the warranty company , they will only cover their machines from the purchase of the first initial purchase . Buyers beware !!! I would n't buy another RCA product if someone gave me money to do so !
 This product was a disappointment . It died after about six months . When it was working the batteries were loose in their compartment and and it would shut down every time you moved it . I sold it at a yard sale for a dollar .
 Died in 3 months . Then came back to life then died again 3 months later . Ca n't see dial at night . Does n't remember cd playback settings like `` continuous '' . No clock . Cost too high for this quality . Volume not exactly stellar .
 I bought this CD player specifically for it 's mp3 playing abilities . And for about 30 hours of disc playing , it worked very nicely . But , then the CD part of the box died and it ai n't coming back . Now I have a very nice looking doorstop.Before that happened this boombox sounded very nice with good bass and a hefty volume . One peculiar problem I had was that while playing MP3 discs , I would occasionally hear a loud electronic beep coming from the speakers during the music.This model has been around awhile and is on it 's way out , I 'd suggest just skipping it .
 Bought this to listen to CDs and MP3s at work . The MP3s skipped every 30-60 seconds . Some of my CDs played okay , mostly the newer ones . But others would n't play at all , spinning for a while , and then showing `` nd '' presumably for no disk . Other disks would play for awhile and then get fuzzy and ultimately end prematurely . I 'm taking it back !
 I bought this back in October . I have not been able to get the radio stations to even funtion and tune in . The cd player does work on this one . Mine does have good bass , -LRB- on the custom setting -RRB- but the settings for bass and equalizer need to be reset each new daily use . Mine does get alittle warm , after about 40 minutes.The audio cds and mp3 cds played fine , no skips.For my boombox to shut completely off , I do have unplug it from the wall ... LOLBest option
 Not knowing about fuse sizes I ordered this to go with the fuse holder I bought on Amazon . These fuses are large size and not the normal fuse size . Therefore they did n't fit in holder .
 The case we received does n't close over the Nano . I tried to contact the seller but they never responded . All we can figure out is that they received a defective shipment and are n't doing anything to correct the problem . Since shipping and handling costmore than the product , it does n't make sense to fight this . The corners are rounded ! -LSB- ASIN : B000JEX8IS Contour Design Case for iPod nano 2G -LRB- Clear -RRB- -RSB-
 I bought these to mount the satellite speakers for my Sony Home Theater System . They are not good . The screws that hold the speakers at the correct angle can not be tightened enough to keep the speakers in the right place . With a minor bump , they droop . Spend the extra dollars and buy a more robust product .
 I am on my second unit . The first Boombox 's left speaker channel went out . The current unit 's locking mechanism broke , so I have a clamp holding the receiver in place . Also , the speaker baffle keeps popping out . The sound is good , but they are constructed poorly . I paid 100.00 new .
 I purchased this product last week because a few people i know have used this and said it is the best fm transmitter for the ipod . 5 minutes after it came in i went to my truck to hook up my ipod , there was nothing . I am not sure why , but the radio station will not appear on the ipod touch screen and will not allow you to know what station you are tuned into to set your radio to . On monster 's website -LRB- as of 12/3/07 -RRB- this is the first product listed on the page for touch accessories . After waiting on hold for over 30 minutes to talk to a tech support rep. from monster , i found out that the page on www.monstercable.com was wrong and that if you have a ipod touch , you should not buy this . Monster agreed to send me the correct one in exchange for this one . The one that is being sent to me is the Monster iCarPlay Wireless Plus .
 The auto scan feature invariably stops on a band with interference , while I have no problem finding one manually . The sound quality is disappointing -LRB- and yes I have a decent stereo in the vehicle -RRB- it sounds almost muffled ; I still much prefer playing a CD . This is the second monster transmitter that I have found disappointing . It may be that all FM transmitters suffer from poor sound quality , but a few years ago in a previous vehicle the CD player that transmitted in this manner had no such problems . Very disappointing for the money .
 Does not charge the ipod at the same time . Description did not state this . Auto scan is convenient but uses up only charge port in the car . Seller also was not very responsive .
 Our old iTrip is worthless now and so we 're on a mission to get a new fm transmitter before an upcoming long road trip . I have researched these units to the nth degree in the past few days in an attempt to buy one and be done with it . However , I have found that for each unit , there are people that love them and those that have no luck with them . In the end , I found no FM transmitter that shined above the rest . I finally gave up my research and just went to a local store and bought what the salesguy there recommended -LRB- quite highly -RRB- - this Monster iCarPlay . I liked the name , it looked simple , our car adapter is low and in a weird place so I liked that it did n't dock the ipod . So I was sold . I literally opened it up once I got back to my car to see how it worked . I scanned the directions , plugged it into my car outlet , then into my ipod . I got the ` OK to disconnect ' message , but then it would n't move beyond that message . It is supposed to go back to your ipod menu and then you can find a channel that works - it kept flashing between the ipod menu and the ` ok to disconnect ' message . While it was plugged in , it was literally inoperable . I tried it on my husband 's mini when I got home and had the same problem . I 've read others having the same problems as well . Not sure if it 's an isolated problem or what , but it just did n't work for me . On paper it sounds like a great unit , in reality , it did n't perform for me.Interestingly , when I returned it , the customer service rep said that the iCarPlay does n't work at all - that she had a different FM transmitter that would work for me -LRB- DLO TransDock -RRB- - and while it 's better , it 's not perfect either . Maybe I should just stick to radio and CDs ...
 We used this Monster product for a year or so after a prior FM transmitter for our iPod died . We found the sound quality okay , as good as any other transmitter-type FM/iPod product - but it was difficult to find a station we could stay on for more than a few minutes , and switching stations was a pain . We had a cheaper product than this before that we liked better - we could read the display better , there was FAR less static and we did n't have to switch so often . We do live in an urban area and that may explain some of our problems . But we finally decided to give up on this one and try another one . It 's just too much of a pain in the neck to use .
 First of all I do n't see any reason why you could not ship this item to Puerto Rico . Puerto Rico is a territory of the USA and if you can ship a book you can ship this type of merchandise . It is not nuclear material is just a transmitter.The thing failed in four hours of use . I had to open it to make it work again , still with difficulty . After that it has been working as I expected .
 Bought this for my daughter . . she loved it and used it every day . . Crapped out after 14 months . . Do they build these things just to last the warranty period ?
 This did not work in the 5-6 ipods i tried . the one it did , it had lots of static and did not function very well .
 product does n't work wel . we could n't find one station that would have clear signal . we 're very disappointed and wasted our money . perhaps this product might work well for people who live out in the unpopulated area with not too many radio stations .
 2 Stars -- I 'm sure this FM transmitter works somewhat okay if you are in a rural area or small town where there are only a few radio stations available . But unfortunately , this product performs very poorly in the city , which should not be a surprise . When I finally found a frequency that had no interference from radio stations , the sound quality was entirely unacceptable , even coming through my car 's high-end sound system . I recommend either burning MP3s to CD or having your MP3 player professionally installed in your car . Skip any FM Transmitters if you care at all about the quality of the sound .5 Stars -- To Amazon for giving me a full refund on this item !
 I bought this item expecting it to work for my ipod touch . Of course it did not . The packaging was in some japanese/chinese language therefore i couldnt even read the directions on how to use it . After contacting the seller , he/she didnt even acknowledge the problem and blew me off . Worst purchase in my life ... stay away from this seller !
 This transmitter does have good sound but it 's flaw is fatal . Everytime the signal is weak or lost it cuts off with a loud ear-piercing static sound requiring you to physically disconnect the transmitter from the iPod and reconnect it . It 's an absolute nightmare . My old transmitter would simply get staticy when the signal was lost or weak and you could try picking one of the other presets - not this horrible device . This one requires you , while driving , to disconnect and reconnect to get it to play again . It 's simply a nightmare . 5 times in one hour this happened yesterday . Most of us listen to music while driving to calm down and relax ; this little terror device could make you get into an accident . My old transmitter by Aerielle finally died but it was perfect and simple to use . This one is , like I said , a nightmare . If I could give it no stars I would
 I do not reccommend this product . It rarely works and when it does , the connection is awful . If i move my ipod or the wire at all , the connection is lost . Seeing as I bought the product brand new , there should n't be any issues .
 It stopped working 2 weeks after I got it . The display goes back and forth between OK to disconnect and Playlist . Buttons for search and the toggles do n't function either . It is a great idea . Poor product .
 Unless we 're doing something wrong , it does n't work with an iPod Touch . Therefore it is useless to me and I ca n't return it because my daughter threw away the packaging and return slip .
 Apparently Monster has some real quality issues , this is my second bad experience with their products . Unit intermittantly stops transmitting , have to unplug to reset . Autoscan ... great idea ... needs more work . 120 sec to scan and you still have a busy station . Amazon was great on the return policy though , prepaid shipping.Rec 'd replacement unit from Amazon , same issues . Tried with two other iPods , no improvement . Returning for refund .
 I tried this with both 2nd and 3rd gen nanos . The 2nd gen one would continuously attempt to tune on it 's own . It would occasionally stop on an even tenth of a MHz which was completely useless as here in the US we use odd tenth MHz intervals . I tried to see if it was on the wrong region selection but the unit I had also had issues with scrolling through menus on it 's own.With the 3rd gen it would only display the currently tuned station . I got an open box unit , so I do n't know if this unit was already broken . I just returned the unit for a refund .
 Good signal output as far as these things go . The scan feature would be phenomenal if it did n't take 120 seconds to scan and then pick a less than optimal channel . Scanning on your own while driving is dangerous , but this thing did n't solve that problem for me . It 's almost there , keep trying Monster.Even though I only gave it 2 stars , it 's still perhaps the best transmitter on the market as of Aug. 2007 : - -LRB-
 I bought this at CompUSA . I live in rural Vermont . The AutoSearch works fairly well . The static when connected is acceptable . A big problem is that suddenly you 'll get blasted by static when the FM signal is interfered with . I 'm bringing it back for refund . I agree with the previous reviewer - it 's NOT worth it . My wife 's old 8 station Monster works much better.I 'm going to try going back to my old Belkin charge which connects to a cassette .
 I bought one of these from circuit city for $ 99 . I live in St. Pete/Tampa area . The auto station find was not very effective . I found clearer ones by manually searching . When it 's connected to your ipod , it definetly slows down the menus . The buttons on the iCarPlay 200 are also very unresponsive . I would press the change station button , nothing happened , then press it again , then it would jump twice . So my advice is have patience when navigating the iCarPlay 's menus . Sometimes I could get it to work with an acceptable amount of static , but then the unit would randomly stop working , and i get blasted with noise from my radio being cranked up . You can not adjust the volume on the iCarPlay , only on your radio . I returned the unit , and I am in the process of getting a pioneer head unit with a built in auxillery input on the front panel . I can not recommend this unit . It also looks cheap for the price point . It looks like it should cost about $ 25 dollars . One postive note , it does charge the Ipod fairly quickly . Also in my wifes car , where she a factory stereo the static was n't quite as annoying . I have amplified tweeters which pick up everything , including static . I also thought that putting the unit closer to the stereo would improve the sound , oddly it does n't seem to make a difference . You could also look at one of the wired ipod adapters such as the PIONEER CD-IB100 iPod Adapter .
 I just received my order and was excited to use my new FM transmitter . -LRB- My old one broke . It was not this brand . -RRB- I have an iPod Classic that I got for Christmas . Unfortunately , it does n't work right . The auto scan just scans up to about the 96 frequency - not the whole gamut . Then it chooses a station , but loses the signal about every minute or two blaring loud static . It has also crashed my iPod a few times to where I just had the apple logo on the screen.I looked into returning it , but the seller , 6Ave , states that they will not issue a refund at all if the product has been opened . They will exchange for the same item , but that does n't help me because it 's not a defect problem - which I found out later . I decided to call Monster . They said that this product does n't work with the newer iPods because of the new technology that Apple has put into the iPods . This is not the first time I 've heard this . My iPod is n't compatible with so many products out there , including my DVD player that has a dock and is supposed to play iPod videos - but does n't . The guy at Monster said that a new version of this item - the 250 - will be out in June '08 sometime , and it will work with the newer iPods.So , I ca n't really rate the actual product , since it 's not compatible with my iPod . The quality seems to be very nice and when the sound did come through , it was decent for an FM transmitter . I will say that I do n't think it 's fair that the description does n't state what iPods this unit is compatible with -LRB- neither does the packaging ! -RRB- and then the seller wo n't issue refunds - hence the lower rating . This has happened a couple of times when dealing with sellers that are not Amazon . I have decided to only buy things when Amazon is the actual seller , because at least their return policy is fair.Thanks for reading my review !
 I am returning this product because lack of quality sound output . There is a lot of static in the background when the songs are at low volume and when the music is paused , and when the units low signal strength gets lost the sterio will play horrible static that is twice as loud as the music that was being playing . I used the auto scans prefered `` stations '' , but they did not work any better than the manualy selected ones . The buttons on the unit are not repeatably responsive , meaning they would not work all of the time . I was expecting a much higher quality product from Monster Cable !!!!
 I ended up returning this after a week . The auto-scan never seemed to work right , and the reception had a lot of static .
 I was very hopeful after reading the reviews on Amamzon that the Monster A IP FM-CH 200 iCarPlay would perform well . However , even though the auto scan feature worked flawlwessly , the overall sound quality forced me to return the product for a refund . The trouble is twofold
 I had the older version of Moster FM for iPod . It failed after 5 years . I got this as a replacement . However , it is disappointment . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Sounds worse than the older version from the car radio ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- it fails in the middle and I have to unplug to restore it ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- when it is plugged , it plays automatically -LRB- which is fine but not prefer -RRB- ; however , it did n't stop if I unplug or stop the engine . This cause my iPod to play even after I left the car . The old one worked the other way around . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Do n't even want to mention the auto scan , it suck . I can pick a better station than it does.Bad news : -LRB- 5 -RRB- It wo n't charge iPod Touch , iPhone , and new gen of iPod Nano
 Monster A IP FM-CH 200 iCarPlay Wireless FM Transmitter for iPod w / Auto-ScanHey
 I was n't thrilled with the Monster Ipod transmitter at all . Actually I returned it to Amazon and am awaiting their judgment on my return . I did n't like it because there was too much static , breaking up of transmission . I live in not so crowded area but do have hills , ocean , and mountains around . Nevertheless , I thought it was much trouble to operate and the clarity of the music was surely lacking .
 This item seems to work fine in a vehicle where the antenna is near the device . HOWEVER , it does not work in a hybrid . I have a Prius and Civic Hybrid and the device overheated in both cars .
 While listening to my iPod the unit will cut off , and I am blasted by static from the station that I am tuned to . I have only intermittently been able to reset the unit using the button ; most often I have to unplug the power adapter from the car and plug it back in before it will reset.Caveta
 I have been using this product for a week , and it 's going back . A while back I bought a car transmitter from DLO via Sam 's . It was excellent but very bulky , and soon the car adapter connections broke , so I returned and exchanged it , and the same thing happened with the new one . It now sits atop my home stereo , where it works perfectly plugged into the wall . It has NEVER EVER given me static.I am used to playing my iPod through the casette players in my cars , but they give a poor sound , and the casette adapters eventually break , plus I am planning on owning cars in the future when casette players will probably no longer be offered , so I thought I 'd give the FM transmitter route another try.I bought a Griffin , and immediately had static no matter how many frequencies I tried . Power lines , trees , bridges and parking garages made for static . Plus it was rather cheaply made , and I was sure it would get broken easily with regular use , so I returned it and exchanged it for this Monster.The Monster was very easy to use , and automatically went to 107.9 every time it autoscanned . The problem was that every so often it suddenly STOPPED WORKING and I had LOUD STATIC BLARING when nice music had been playing . I manually programmed the transmitter , and things got better , but then the problem came back . After a few days of trying out different things , I finally figured out what was turning off the transmitter
 1st Received - Had a button broken . Did work but right arrow would not click .2 nd -LRB- Replacement -RRB- - Did not transmit the bass . I almost bought a new stereo system for my car thinking my speakers were bad , but tested the product in 5 other cars and had the same problems.I do not recommend this product.Me and all my family have the previous version , with manual setting . That one is excellent and I will probably buy me one more of those .
 The AutoScan feature seemed like a good idea but I have tried it repeatedly following exactly the instructions on the product , but after selecting `` Auto '' nothing at all happens . Yes , it says to wait , but you can wait and wait and wait and nothing at all happens . It works in manual station mode but you do n't need to pay this much for that technology . This one is going back where it came from . Oh and BTW it 's not wireless -LRB- the FM transmission is wireless but the transmitter is on a wire so it 's not wireless -RRB- .
 We bought this transmitter for close to $ 100 after trying out a cheap Belkin model that did n't work well . We thought that you get what you pay for , so it was time to pony up . I 'll agree with other negative reviews about the reception being bad , and since I 'm usually using this when traveling across the state , it would be nice if the change-station function was more user friendly . But worst of all for me is that I now have an iTouch , which will not display the station on the screen . It still works , but changing stations on the transmitter and making sure the radio correlates is close to impossible .
 I bought this thinking that I could use my 2nd generation iPod touch with this in my car ... WRONG !!! It does n't charge , it 's not wireless , and it wo n't work with my style of iPod ! I 'm going to try and return it . But in all fairness , the description does say that it will only work with the classic iPods , you just have to look carefully to find it . And trying to return it there 's a 15 % re-stocking fee , they wo n't pay for shipping , and I wo n't be buying from this company/brand again .
 I got this as a gift last year for my Ipod Classic Video 30GB so I 'm so relieved that I did n't waste my own $ 100 . I live in the metro nyc area and would love to use this everyday but it 's not worth the headache.This only has 3 buttons , so why is it so hard to use !!! The autoscan takes minutes , not seconds , to go thru the entire radio network and ends up picking the same 3 stations all the time . When I press the main button sometimes it scans , sometimes it picks a station , and sometimes it just does nothing . During songs , I hear blasts of static . Sometimes the Monster turns off and then then I 'm listening to the radio station . I also need to hold the ipod up by the steering wheel while I 'm driving otherwise it gets even worse reception . I know my cheap new corolla 's radio is partially to blame but the Monster cable should work well enough to make listening to my ipod in the car a pleasant experience but it doesnt .
 This sounds fine - it 's clear etc. ... rarely static ... however ... I have a case for my ipod . . the connector stays connected most of the time . . but you bump it and it comes out ... it 's not made for an ipod with a case ... My friend has the Monster iCarPlay Wireless Plus FM Transmitter/Charger for iPod -- He was two cars ahead of me on the same station and his music over took mine ... so I had to go with the plus ...
 I bought this for my wife . I have been using an XtremeMac Airplay 2 with no trouble , but wanted one that included the power supply.She immediately complained that half the time it would drop to static . I took it and used it in my vehicle on the same station I use for the Airplay . I tried a different station that the Monster scanned for . No joy.She was right . This thing is useless .
 I bought this to replace a stolenMonster iCarPlay Wireless Plus FM Transmitter/Charger for iPodthat worked very well . This model has some problems
 It was not water resistant and when I called about it , I had to pay to have it fixed myself . Very disappointing .
 not worth the money paidband is way to big , slips right off wrists
 I would be very cautious about buying anything from TimeZone123 . The Invicta watch they shipped to me lost 30 minutes per day right out of the box , but when I complained , they refused to take it back .
 Label shows 20 gauge , but it 's more like 24 or 26 gauge wire
 This unit is well designed and easy to use . There is only one problem - it just does n't work ; the reception is a major issue . Unless you are in a dense urban market , where there is an overabundance of satellite signal presence , you will be dissapointed with this product . In addition , you would think that for $ 350 , XM could include a retractable antenna , rather than the cumbersome and unsightly clip on antenna . This is a prime example of a product that had great opportunity but failed to deliver on its most basic value proposition -- portability .
 Greatly enjoyed my Delphi XM2go portable for 15 months until the earphone recepticle in the radio became intermittent . Spent lots of time searching , and I have yet to find someone who will repair it . I give Delphi an `` A '' for design and functionality , and an `` F '' for customer support . Never again will I buy a Delphi product .
 It has been less than nine months since I have been using my Delphi . I am now on my third unit . The first two units just completely stopped working for no apparent reason.After the 2nd time , Delphi tried to tell me it was installed wrong and that was the issue . Then how has it been working at all ? I am now having it replaced yet again.Based on this experience , I plan to resell my new radio and purchase a Pioneer .
 I thought this would be the ultimate Radio finally they have a portable version . I thought wrong , sure its portable it will go from the car into the house using the home dock and Antenna -LRB- if placed in a window -RRB- it works just fine . If you where planning to purchase this item to listen to at the gym or on a walk `` outside '' even the mobile antenna -LRB- included -RRB- and not internal as it should be will fade in and out . Sometimes if you are standing in place pointing the antenna at the sun while hold your leg just right you may get a good signal for as long as you can hold that position . Do n't believe the hype the MyFi is still not truly mobile yet .
 I returned mine after one day of use . If you intend to use the MyFi as a portable satellite radio receiver -LRB- as opposed to listening to recorded content -RRB- while you walk/run around your neighborhood , you can expect very poor reception -LRB- i.e. , more than 50 % drop-outs -RRB- . It was very frustrating and the external antenna had no perceivable effect.I live in a suburb of a major city -LRB- Boston -RRB- , by the way .
 I bought this radio as a gift for my boyfriend . We were very excited once we got it activated . That same day , we were using it in the car when it fell off the seat and onto the rubber floormat inches below.The display cracked , and now I have to go through the hassle of returning the product for -LRB- hopefully a full -RRB- refund.For a product that 's supposed to be `` portable '' , I do n't understand how it could be so fragile.For those of you who 've already bought one , be careful not to drop it !
 Conceptually , this is a great product . And it 's nice that all of the `` extra 's are included '' . But guess what -- Great ideas are just ideas unless they actually work . This device simply does not do what I was sold that it would do.I was sold on the idea of portability . I tried using it at the gym ... forget it . No signal unless you have a clear shot of the sky -LRB- that 's how satellite technology works -RRB- . I then went outside and tried using it outdoors . The reception would cut in and out continually . Simply annoying . To think I paid $ 300 for this thing and another 10 bucks a month ... I was sold on a `` concept '' which is n't there yet.In the car with the external antenna the Delphi 's reception is great . Unfortunately I do n't have a cassette player in my car so I ca n't play the content through the car stereo . Forget about using the FM transmitter feature , no chance in hell you 'll get it to sound decent there.And yes , I could use an auxiliary input , but I 'll just have to purchase another receiver for my car as my factory CD player wo n't allow me to patch in that way either.So let 's get this straight ... I ca n't use Delphi MyFi on the car stereo , I ca n't use it at home , in the gym or outdoors , but I still paid $ 300 + a monthly fee forXM ? This puppy 's going back to the store .
 When I got the XM2GO for Xmas in 2006 I was really wanting it to be what they advertised . Not even close unless you want a car unit . But first , the nightmare of activation . I had two gift certificates for service but the on line activation would accept only one . Plus , nowhere does it advertise the expensive activation fee . So I called the toll free number . The signal was so bad we could not communicate . On the third try I got a person I could talk to but their accent and command of English was so poor we could not understand each other . Two calls later I finally got someone with enough language skills I was able to activate . Then the disappointment began . You can not walk or bicycle with it . Fine . I will use it at work since the primary reason I wanted it was to follow baseball all season . Unfortunately I could not get a signal at work . So , I used it at home with some success although it would lose the signal frequently even though it was not being moved.Then I got the first bill . Not only was it impossible to figure out what I was paying for , they only credited one of my gift cards . Several calls later I thought the issue was resolved until the next bill which , again , had not credited me for the total of the gift cards . I gave up on phone calls and wrote to XM about the problem . No replies , just another bill for even more than the service should have been for only two months . I wrote again telling them to just cancel the `` service '' . Again , no response except more bills . After a few months of this I sent an expensive certified letter detailing my dissatisfaction and again telling them to cancel the subscription . You guessed it . More bills . I have a thick file on this issue . I sent another certified letter to three addresses and finally , after a few more bills , they quit coming . I really do not know if this is a good unit or not , but I can tell you that if you have any problems XM does not care and offered me absolutely no customer service . Buyer beware .
 I have had this for a little over a year and now the unit is turning on and off for some reason . Called Delphi not much help . Put in a new battery and reset all the setting to default and it is still doing it . Also you can not read the screen in the car on a bright day . I would never recommend this product .
 Like much new technology , when it works , it 's a dream , but there are also frustrations . The portable xm radio encounters dead spots in which it ca n't receive signals from the satellite . This does n't happen with my car xm radio , but it happens frequently with my xm portable . Short of wearing a car antennae atop my head , I 'm not sure what the solution is .
 My unit was returned immediately , the MiFi is absolutely horrible . This unit was advertised as a `` walkman-like '' device -LRB- for use jogging , backyard , in open areas , etc. -RRB- , nothing could be further from the truth . The MiFi is plagued with the most horrific reception one can possibly imagine , even with a clear view of the sky . Circuit City review board is jammed with comments on this unit to the effect that over half are not only disgusted with sound and very poor reception but burned the rubber on their tires to return the unit to the retail for full refund.Quite honestly , it has been a very long time indeed since I 've owned such a poor electronic device . This product was quickly rushed to market , the most profane aspect of the MiFi is that its central function is billed as a walkman-like device , but it does NOT work as such a device , even with external antennas connected . If you buy this unit , I absolutely promise you will regret it .
 My MyFi experience started as one of the worst I have ever had for any piece of electronics or computing equipment.Things seemed fine at first . I charged the unit , placed it in its stand , hooked up the antenae with a south-facing view , registered the unit at XMRadio.com , then let the unit download all its stations overnight.However , when I tried to actually select a station by using the scroll-wheel , the entire screen displayed garbage . I could n't select any commands , let alone switch to another channel . If I rebooted , the problem recurred within a few seconds of using the product to select another channel . The product is completely unusable.Given that other reviews state positive experiences with the MyFi unit , I can only surmise that I have a defective unit . I 'm trying to return the unit , but XM Radio -LRB- where I bought it , since Amazon did n't have it in stock in early Dec ' 04 -RRB- has not been helpful.I finally got a new replacement unit from XM in late January , a month after I sent in the original unit . Since the screen worked this time , it was easy to setup
 I would give XM a negative number rating if I could . I have to say that XM Radio 's customer service is the worst I have every had the misfortune of experiencing . After a recent trip to Las Vegas and a visit to the Margaritaville Cafe in the Flamingo and hearing Radio Margaritaville both in the club and on the street outside of the casino I decided that I wanted to get satellite radio . I made the unfortunate mistake of not researching providers and assuming that all programming was the same . I purchased an XM radio and was disappointed to find that only Sirius carries Radio Margaritaville . Since the box was open and I could n't return it I decided to activate it -LRB- the XM radio -RRB- anyway . In the mean time I bought a Sirius receiver for my car and absolutely fell in love with it . Sirius offers 4 times the programming in both variety and quality plus it has Radio Margaritaville which is the reason I wanted satellite radio in the first place . I decided to cut my losses and sell my XM receiver on Amazon which I did and buy a sirius receiver for my home . Should be simple , right ? I mean I lost some money in selling my XM receiver used and lost the activation fee for the XM reciever but it was my fault anyway for not doing my homework and I was willing to live with it . I would just cancel my XM service and the world would be right again . Wrong ... First of all XM let 's you manage your account on-line but will not let you cancel on-line . You have to call their customer care number and wait on hold for a half hour until someone answers and as soon as they do and you tell them you want to cancel , they put you on hold again for another half hour and then hang up on you ! I called to cancel 11 days before my billing cycle was up , was hung up on 8 times and had the displeasure of talking with the rudest customer service people ever . Twice they said they were going to transfer me to the `` retention department '' and again after being on hold again there would suddenly be a dial tone as they hung up again . Apparently their way of retaining customers is to never let you cancel . One woman finally said I was cancelled but before I could get a confirmation number she promptly hung up . Guess what ... 11 days later I was billed again . I finally had to contact my credit card company and have my card cancelled to prevent my card being charged again and again . Of course then I had to spend several hours logging on to all the places I have automatic payments that were linked to that card and enter a different one . IN CONCLUSION ALL I CAN SAY IS BEWARE ! AVOID XM OR THIS WILL CERTAINLY HAPPEN TO YOU IF YOU EVER WANT TO CANCEL ! ********** On the bright side Sirius Radio is so much better ! Spend your money wisely and save yourself a boat load of hassle and BUY SIRIUS INSTEAD OF XM : -RRB-
 this item is horrible . it gets no reception . its not portable and does n't work in my car . also you ca n't return it to amazon ! they say it can.t be returned because it is hazardous - how come they areable to stock and ship it then if it is hazardous . they say to return it to delphi but delphi says they do n't take returns . now i guess i 'm stuck with it .
 1 . Can not get reliable reception from my apartment .2 . Spotty service outdoors . Just very annoying when signal comes in and out .3 . The product is a little too big to use for running , I 'm going back to using my SONY armband radio .
 I bought this several years ago and used it for a few months . I cut off the subscription service -LRB- frankly , the has-been disc jockeys were making me nuts - I just want the music , sans commercials and all the chatter -RRB- , put it away - and did n't have it turned back on till a few weeks ago . It worked fine for a couple weeks , then just stopped working . One second it 's on , the next it 's off . It looks like it is - but it puts out no audio . I 've used this for a total of ... maybe ... 5 months and have always treated it with kit gloves . I called Delphi who -LRB- of course -RRB- said it was beyond warranty and they would n't help at all . Delphi said the `` board '' was shot . Great . Glad you can sleep at night taking my money for something with the longevity of a common house fly . Bottom line
 I thought this product would be a great device to add to my daily 4 mile walk . Was I wrong ; reception was terrible . I spent most of my time aiming the antenna all over the place , trying to keep it working . The way it was advertised I believed it would truly be portable . It is heavy and awkward with all the wires hanging all over . A company should perfect a product before they release it for sale . We have an XM radio in our SUV and it works on our road . We also get XM online service and its reception is flawless . But this product is n't worth the packaging its wrapped in .
 I received the MyFi as a Christmas gift , and before I opened any other presents , I activated the XM service on the internet . I installed the home kit and let it charge . The MyFi worked great . Then I drove across town -LRB- Phoenix , AZ -RRB- and put the MyFi to the test . With no external antenna connected , the MyFi lost reception about every 10 - 15 seconds . When I got to my destination , I installed the car kit . The reception is great when the MyFi is plugged into the car kit , only losing reception in a few places.In my second car , since I do n't have a second car kit , I tried using the supplied clip on antenna . The MyFi loses reception about 10 - 15 times during my 45 minute drive across metro Phoenix . This is far better than just using the internal antenna , but still very frustrating . I guess I now have to buy another car kit in order to use the MyFi in my second car.At my work place in Scottsdale I get poor reception using the home kit . This may be fixed by moving the antenna around the shop , but again , I need to buy another home kit so I have one at home and work . This is beginning to be a huge investment.My disappointment comes from the fact that I wanted the MyFi because it was a `` portable unit '' . If I have to have a car kit , or home kit everywhere I use the MyFi , then I would have rather got the Roady2 since it is much cheaper . Yes , the recording feature is ok , but if I wanted to listen to recorded music , I would have got an MP3 player and had more control over what I listen to.As far as the service goes , I also rate it at about 2 stars , maybe 3 . The overall selection is good , and the main reason I wanted satellite radio is no commercials . The country music channels are horrible . They play almost entirely old country music -LRB- 60 's - 80 's -RRB- , no new music at all . The techno stations are good . All music sounds like it is a low quality MP3 . Whether using the FM transmitter , tape adapter , or home/car kit , you have to turn your stereo volume up much higher than normal to hear the myfi.Bottom line
 When it is working , it works fine . But 1 year and 3 mos . after I started using it , it failed . It would play for a couple minutes and then the screen would go blank . I would power down and power up again , then it would work for a few minutes and then repeat the cycle . I called Delphi and they would not fix it under warranty then I called XM and they only offered a different unit which was unappealing to me for $ 29 . Based on my experince , I would HIGHLY reccomend getting a different receiver if you want it to last for more than 15 mos.Additionally , the power button was difficult to use while the unit was working . This unfortunate incident is to be my first and last experiece with Delphi electonics .
 I got the MyFi on 12/6/2004 as a birthday gift , and like everyone else immediately ripped it out like the younger child I am and started playing with it.I was initially impressed . I liked the design , and it comes w / pretty much every conceivable accessory you 'd want . The only thing I 'd want is an additional cradle/home antenna for office use , which Delphi probably sells.Sound quality is/was fine , and it worked well at home and in the car w/o problems . The problem was in the portability , which is why this thing costs $ 200 more than a Roady2 w / one home adapter.Reception for me has been very poor in the Dallas/Fort Worth metroplex . Only by standing outside , holding the unit away from me and towards the southern sky do I get live , portable reception . Moving , or even turning 90 degrees makes the reception spotty . Turning 180 degrees and blocking the signal with my massive 5 ' 9 '' frame stops signal altogether.The external portable antenna made getting reception even more difficult - it appears to be more directional . If you get reception , it 's strong , but very slight adjustments cause signal loss.So , I turned to the recording feature , which is somewhat useful in theory , although does n't make the device truly * portable * in my opinion.The problem with the recording feature for this user is its lack of intuitiveness . You can not fast forward or rewind smoothly as in TiVo or a CD player ... you can only skip ahead and back to previous program bookmarks . This means , on music stations , to the next or previous song . For me , recording talk shows , this means skipping ahead or back 15 minutes at times . `` What did he just say ? '' I might wonder at the 13 minute mark . To find out , I 'd need to re-listen to the last 12 minutes . Terribly inconvenient , I thought.Also , you can not selectively delete segments . So , if I like 4 songs of 6 , I must keep all 6 on there , eating up that 128mb of memory . Talk shows w / commercials ? You can skip the commercials , but ca n't delete them , which is a minor irritation.So , I found the MyFi lacking in the # 1 reason for its inception - portability , and thus returned it for a Roady2.The last nail in the coffin was when I spoke to customer support . I spoke to XM support once via a number a salesman at Best Buy called , and she straight-out said the poor signal reception is a known , inherent problem , but that `` there was demand for such a product , so one was made anyway . '' The second guy I spoke to , at Delphi , told me `` tough luck , but you can exchange it for a new one if the 30 days are up - but of course , we 're sold out , so it 'll be a few weeks before we can replace it . Of course that might not help - we do n't know because the device is too new . `` Thankfully , I was able to return it before the 30-day return period was up , and get the Roady2 , with which I 'm very happy .
 Like many of you , I waited with baited breath the minute I heard XM was releasing a portable player and pre-ordered it for my husband 's birthday . I have XM in my car and and love it ! I have never had trouble getting reception . This player is a different story.Please Note : * If you are planning on using this in a highrise building , you wo n't get a signal , even next to a window . * If you are planning on using this walking around Downtown New York City , you wo n't get a signal . * If you are planning on using this on one of the many above ground train lines commuting to or from New York City you will get a signal for 5 minutes and lose it for the next 10 . This gets very frustrating , especially since I can drive my car next to the train line and get a signal . When I called technical support their response was `` The product is too new , we have n't been trained on it yet . '' This was in late January ! I had to return the unit and I am now waiting for a receiver that has a strong enough antenna to penetrate the tempered glass windows of the train and high-rise buildings , as I can only assume that is the problem . I still love XM , but they need to do a better job training the call center staff . Nowhere on the packaging does it say that you wo n't get a signal on an above ground train or in a building with a clear view of the sky in all directions . If you live in a field , by all means buy this product , but if you are planning on using it to commute with or work in a large city , do n't waste your money . Especially when you may not get a full refund upon returning the product , since you have to take it out of the package to know that it does n't work .
 The idea of satellite radio is great . The ability to have unlimited stations anywhere I go with the ability to record , who wouldnt like that ? Unfortunately , this is so poorly implemented that I wish I could give it back.After listening to this for a few months , I continue to find myself turning back on local radio or turning on my iPod because :1 -RRB- The reception is not as good as normal FM . I dont get reception in my garage , if you drive under an overpass , you lose recpetion , and there are many other conditions that cause you to lose reception .2 -RRB- Connection in the car produces low sound quality . If you opt for the quick and easy car installation -LRB- i.e. run the cable to the attenea and broadcast over FM which you have tuned on your car stereo -RRB- the sound quality is extremely bad . Music sounds flat and metallic . I believe its possible to get better reception if you hook it up directly to your stereo via one of the inputs . However , compared to my iPod which I also hook up and broadcast over FM , this is much , much worse .3 -RRB- Everyone else has already discussed how bad song recordings are implemented , so all I am going to say is I agree and I dont understand why XM woudl have ever thought that implementing this would be a good way to go . Bottom line , THIS IS NOT TIVO FOR THE RADIO .4 -RRB- The big reason to listen to the radio is to hear good songs . Sorry to say , XM falls way short here . First of all , with all the goofy cute names they give their stations -LRB- cafe , ethel , fred , etc -RRB- it takes a lot of time to find and identify with stations . Also , once you find a station , it seems like all you hear on it is what you would hear from a large corporate radio entity like Clear Channel . There are no independant stations on XM , there are no garage bands , there are no edgy stations willing to play good undiscovered music . There are LOTS of stations that play the next big hit that you will hear in your elevator , grocery store , or television series.Lastly , people like to compare this to iPod , so I will give my take on this subject since I have both . On my iPod I can listen to whatever I want when I want . I can listen to it at a high quality , add or remove content at will . There are other features such as podcasting and video playback which xm doesnt compete with . And I get all of this with NO MONTHLY FEE .
 I am over all very disappointed with this unit . Car reception is very spotty even traveling down major corridors in the SF Bay Area . Walking around is worse no matter what you do with the antenna . The talk shows are so heavily compressed they sound like they are using a cup and string to talk to you . The music stations do not sound as good as FM radio , which I was terribly disappointed to discover . Friends who have the more standard home/car XM units think they are great . This one suffers from very poor engineering . It goes up on eBay tomorrow .
 I only use in my auto . I 've had it for ten months and , since inception , it would intermittantly lose its connection . Now it 's always searching for the antennae . Spend a little more $ $ and purchase or upgrade the receiver .
 This is the one gift that I asked for at Christmas . Now I have just brought it back to the store and feel great that I did so . It could be a great product and the whole idea of it is great , but there is no reception for me ever . This was one square foot in the house where it came in and whenever I so much as drove past a building -LRB- I live in the city -RRB- it would drop . I am going to warn you now , it 's not worth trying out !
 Battery comes defective and you have to register the unit to get a replacment . Since 12/25/05 I still have not received the replacement battery . So much for being portable ... No body cares - xm - not amazon ...
 Upon opening my Christmas gift of the Mi-Fi > I was Thrilled I could n't waite to use it . Well after it took three reset attempts to get it working . I got NONE to Very Little reception ! None @ Home . Had to be upstairs by the window at the Gym ... even then it really did n't work . I even took it to work to see if i could record from the radio ... Guess what NO RECEPTION !!! I was VERY upset that i had spent 350.00 on some thing that was not working at all . Besides that the size is not that portable.It is kindove bulky and does not travel well attached to your clothing.On a happier note when i recieved stations at all ... they were great ! I loved them all ! . I just think that XM has a little work to do and i am sure that a newer better more receptive device will be out soon . I wil probably be one of the first in line to try it . Mi-fi is a great idea ... just has a few glitches .
 Purchased this from circuit city , went to activate the radio and found out they all had defective batteries in them . What company does not recall the boxes ; replace the batteries and ship the products back out ? Show them this is unacceptable and do not purchase this product ! You have been warned .
 I have been a subscriber for 4 years . Back in November my account was turned off due to a billing issue . The week prior to it being turned off I started receiving 3 calls a day for payment . I advised one of the reps to wait a week for the payment , payment was made . Calls stopped for another week . The radio was then turned off and the 3 calls a day started up again . I explained to the bill collectors I owed nothing and when offered to reactivate the radio I told them not to bother , at this point I wanted nothing more to do with XM . They offered me 3 months of free service to come back , anyone who cancels can get this by the way , and I refused . The 3 calls a day continued for the next week , I was informed that it simply takes a week for your name to fall out of their automated system ... 2 more months go by and then I start receiving a bill saying that I reactivated my radio and owe for 2 months of service and all the late fees that go with that . 40 dollars . I call in and state I never reactivated my radio , thus I do n't owe for reactivating my radio and the 2 months of service that would have followed . The customer service rep told me that it would be taken cared of , 2 weeks later I get another bill . I call back and the rep tells me the same thing and apologizes for my inconveniences . I even called back the next day just to make sure it was finally resolved , and that rep confirmed that I no longer owed anything . So then last month I start receiving COLLECTIONS NOTICES . YOU HAVE ONE MONTH TO PAY THIS BEFORE IT GOES TO COLLECTIONS . I called in and was promised they would look into it and call me back . This apparently has taken care of the issue , though I never received the call back . This week I called 6 times , 3 of which I was promptly hung up on for no reason , and was told each time that it had been resolved . So hopefully this time it really is ... To anyone considering XM I suggest you just get an MP3 player .
 Bought this and had antenna & cradle hard-wire installed for my husband 's birthday Nov. 30 , 2005 . IT 'S AWFUL !!! A great idea that does n't really work well , and tech support is unavailable ! Not really a portable -LRB- see earlier reviews about standing on one leg & pointing toward the sun -RRB- , hard to see & use buttons , non-intuitive and BTW
 I bought this as an upgrade to my Roady2 with home kit thinking I could go biking with it and use it at work . I like listening to XM for it 's variety in music and no commericals . But if I 'm paying for a service I want the opportunity to listen to it wherever/whenever I want without having to put another radio on my account.Fortunately , at my job we have an XM repeater tower right next door to us and the Roady got great reception . I could even hide the antenna and I 'd still be up 2 clicks on the meter with the Roady . But using the MyFi as a `` walkman '' was irritating . The signal would be either very strong or non-exisistent as I walked around with it hooked to my waist . I would only get consistent reception if I stood still , so I could n't use it as a `` walkman '' . I also tried it biking where the tower is about 2 miles away from the wooded area where I bike and again it faded in and out on certain parts of the bike trail . To improve reception , I tried the included wearable antenna that attaches to a lapel or collar . Made me feel geeky while wearing it and it really did n't enhance the reception.The unit 's rechargeable battery only gave me about 4-5 hours of listening time . I had the home kit setup to my stereo at home and would use the FM wireless and battery at work . But given that I only had 4-5 battery time , I could n't enjoy XM for my full shift . Nothing worse than a battery dying in the middle of your favorite song and not being able to charge -LRB- or have the ability to replace -RRB- the battery because there 's only one AC charger . I tried recording some songs overnight so I would be able to use the unit as walkman but you only get 4-5 hours of recording time and you 're limited in listening options compared to a traditional MP3 player.The idea of having a `` walkman '' type of satellite radio is a wonderful idea . But when I listen to music/news and I have to pay for it , I want consistent reception no matter where I go without having extra wires or carry extra items to make a portable item work . I like outdoors stuff and this radio is not water-proof or water resistant . So if I 'm biking and I get caught in a thunder shower , I 'm out $ 349.00 versus a twenty dollar MP3 player with my favorite songs on it.Mabey I 'm being too picky ... but , when I pay a monthly service and on top pay $ 349.00 for a radio , I want it to do what its supposed to do ; put it on , turn it on and play music/news consistently without fades , drop-outs and if the batteries die , just put a fresh set in and you 're still rolling.Fix those issues and this radio would be worth more than what I paid for it . But , with these issues , I would 've paid a third of it 's asking price and lived with it 's limitations . Hence , going back to my Roady2 .
 About a year ago , I went to Best Buy and asked if there was a portable XM player . At the time they said no . So , when I heard about this product I was psyched !! But , to my dismay , this product is not exactly what I expected.The problem is the antenna required to receive the signal . I live in New Jersey . I could n't get a signal unless I used one of the antennae provided with the unit.For inside use , an antenna with a 12 foot cable is provided . This is lame . Last time I checked , the word `` portable '' meant I could freely walk around my house and pick up a signal . With a 12 foot cable attached to my hand held unit , my mobility is quite limited.For outside use , a shorter -LRB- 4ft -RRB- antenna is provided . I can clip this antenna to my shirt . That is nice . I have headphones attached to my ears with one set of wires . I have an antenna cable attached to my shirt . I could have taken an EKG reading with all of the wires hooked to my body.Would you use your cell phone if you had to clip on a 4 foot antenna to your shirt ? Would you use a cordless phone at home if you had to drag a 12 foot cable along with you from room to room . I think not.I wanted this product to be good . I really , really wanted it to work they way I thought it would . But , it did n't . I returned it and bought an iPod . Do I really need to get songs beamed to me via satellite ? If I spend $ 10/month at iTunes I could have a huge music collection on my hands by this time next year.By the way , Does Elton John have the antenna attached to his shirt when he is prancing around in the television commercial ? I will need to double check when the commerical is on TV again .
 Like a couple other reviews , I loved mine until it broke . Returned it under warranty and the second one lasted also only about 13 months and dark screen after a few minutes of play time -LRB- with a new battery -RRB- . I 'll try an Pioneer Airwave seems that it is compatible with the Lancing docking station which I already own and has great sound . Save your money .
 Ordered unit and it arrived pretty quick . This was a replacement unit for one of my two that had lost it 's screen but still works . This replacement unit was DOA . I tried different batteries that were working in my existing units and still nothing . The unit has a defect . Seems they should have checked before sending . Vendor sent me a shipping label and it has been quite awhile since I took it to the UPS pick up . Still waiting on my refund . This is the best XM receiver there is-when it works .
 The instructions say you must face the antenna south , that would be impossible in my apartment , no window faces south , I guess that is the direction the satellite is.Best I could do was face east , did not work at all , went up to window facing east and did get some spotty reception , all and all this is not a workable product , not because it is poorly made or anything like that , just that its very nature makes it for myself or too many other people not viable product .
 It was ok on a clear day outside . A little troublesome any other time . Auto connections bulky . Mine was stolen and I promptly called to cancel subscription . However XM billed -LRB- and continues to bill -RRB- my account 6 months later . Buyer BEWARE !
 I bought this product as a Christmas present for my father . I did not realize when I ordered it that it was coming from a company other than Amazon and would be subject to that company 's return policy , not Amazon 's . Unkowningly , I ordered this product . Christmas came and I found out my father had bought my mother a product that was similar to this one , a Pioneer sponsered on the XM website . But , my father decided to compare the two products so he opened the Delphi . Well , needless to say , he did n't like the Delphi . The Pioneer is a much better product . When we tried to return it , I found that Amazon had n't sold the Delphi , but some NYC Electronics company had . Although Amazon had extended their return policy for the Christmas season , NYC did n't . It was only for 2 weeks for an UNOPENED box . How would you know that you like a product if you ca n't even open it and try it out ???? Seems pretty ridiculous to me . I contacted the customer service via email and the reply was that I could not return the Delphi not ONLY because it had been opened BUT ALSO because it had been discontinued !!!! I had no idea that Amazon let companies sell their discontinued products in order to get rid of their stock because people can not not therefore return that product should they want to . I have done business with Amazon for several years , but I am very disappointed in both companies . I would say that `` I got jipped !!!!!! ''
 Device was defective from the start and could not connect to the satellite . I spent over an hour on the phone with XM Serius technicians . They decided my XM to Go receiver was inoperable.I feel I was cheated ...
 I would not waste your money or time on this device . Mine has marginal signals even outside and I 'm paying monthly for the priviledge of not hearing anything . Your money would be better spent on a good MP3 player .
 I thought the notion of a portable was wonderful . I 'm very sorry I purchased this particular unit . It never after the first week worked off the cradle -LRB- bad battery ? On a new unit ? -RRB- . The unit keypad stopped working completely after a couple of weeks . In order to use this `` portable '' , I have to have it cradled and use the remote -- otherwise , I can not use it away from home.I 'm frustrated enough to buy a new -LRB- different brand -RRB- unit , but first I 'll make an attempt to get Delphi to stand by their product and replace it . Here 's hoping the second one works right .
 As a unit for the car or in the home , the XM2GO is great . I purchased mine for running -LRB- 2GO -RRB- and for the car as an afterthought . It works great in the car . The sound and reception are great . The price for subscription is good . The attachments for the car are substandard , but not severely so.However , the unit is awful if you live in an area with trees or buildings . It has the dumbest antenna that you clip on to boost the signal . It does not work and a run with this thing is maddening.It has the capacity store programing . But , the carrying case is so poorly designed that it shuts off the unit when you put it in the carrier . The carrier itself attaches very poorly and mine fell off while running.If these folks had any conscience they would retro-fit these units once they work out the antenna problem . They should also provide a decent carrier.The unit itself is quite acceptable . The attachments are so poorly thought out that I will be very cautious about purchasing anything made by them .
 It may be somewhat unfair to rate this radio so low because of the poor service , but in my mind they go hand-in-hand . Shop.xmradio.com is the online store affiliated with www.xmradio.com . They frequently run specials , expecially with current XM customers , offering low prices on second XM subscriptions , etc. I can honestly say , that I have had the absolute worst customer service experience with this company . The device broke when attempting to connect the home docking station , so I called and was given a RA # to return the device . This was only given out to me after arguing with the operator that the problem was warranty related . It has now been over 2 months since I sent in the parts for exchange , and I have yet to get the replacements . Better yet , I call the customer service department and am told that the ` only way they can communicate with their warehouse is through email ' and ` they are not responding ' . What ? I then request to just return the unit for a refund and am told that I can not . Unbelievable . Worst yet is that I have paid for 2 months of additional XM service , and have yet to have the ability to use this radio.I only assume it 's a nice radio .
 I have been surprised and dismayed by the XM MyFi . One fairly critical piece of information left out of all materials is the fact that the antenna HAS TO FACE SOUTH IN ORDER TO OBTAIN ANY SIGNAL WHATSOEVER . Thankfully , the happy folks at XM Technical Support offered this encouragement when I noted that my office and home face north -- `` You can still use it outside . '' Thanks . That might still be moderately helpful if the portable XM really worked well . Instead , you have to work into just the right position , like a sad , contorted scarecrow , in order to get a passable signal . Here I am , wired like a demented robot with an earphone cord as well as -LRB- another thing they hesitate to mention -RRB- antenna cord pinned to me , and if I move -LRB- Lord forbid that you move with the music -RRB- , the signal cracks and disappears.This product was introduced long before XM had the technology to support it . Odd that AM radio -LRB- and possibly even ham radio -RRB- are starting to look better all the time . Hmmm .
 Confirmed by XM tech support - I used my Christmas present while fishing - can you imagine the signal cutting off every time you turn for bait or to cast ? Impossible ! I cancelled my service and will return the MyFi tomorrow -LRB- my wife got it for me at Best Buy -RRB- . The idea of portable was lost with this unit - if you want to have radio when you fish , walk , jog or anything involving movement outside , the MyFi wo n't do it for you!For the cost and service , I 'll put up with commercials on FM radio .
 I bought the XM2GO shortly after it entered the marketplace . It 's a good design and a good concept , but they do n't work well . The initial and first unit lasted about 6 weeks , when the display failed . With a one-year warranty , I returned the unit and got a refurb as a replacement . The refurb also failed after about 6 weeks when the device would not accept input from the keypad or the remote , i.e. , you could only change channels with the thumbwheel . After a wait of two months , I got a completely new replacement unit in the original sealed box . This third unit was DOA -LRB- dead on arrival -RRB- and simply would not work on a fully charged battery or direct plug-in . I 'm now waiting for the fourth unit and hoping for the best . Well past the 90 days for a refund , I 've got no choice but to go on replacing units until I get one that works . My recommendation if you buy the XM2GO is to get the additional , extra one-year warranty . If you really want an XM radio , buy a Roady for as little as $ 29 with rebates .
 I purchased the XM MyFi for my father for Christmas . When I recieved the unit I quickly unboxed it and tried it out . I had high hopes for this product because I have an XM tuner in my own vehicle and love it ... well I was unfortunately disapointed with the MYFi . The user manual instructs you to place the home antennae in a south facing window , well not only did I place in a south facing window , completely unobstructed , I live in S. Louisiana and still could n't obtain a clear signal for more than a second or two and the only way that I did that was to walk around the house holding the antennae in the air . I did n't give up just yet ... I purchased it mainly for my father to use while on his tractor outside , so I attach the mobile antennae that you use while roaming and did n't recieve a signal at all . I 'm not going to the trouble of connecting it to his truck because I am returning it , but it will probably function in a vehicle just fine , but the whole idea is to use this device as a portable unit and for this function ... it sucks . I 'm so disappointed that I 'm agitated that I have to repackage the 20 attachments that you need to try to make this device function . So take my advice ... do n't buy it , instead I would try the XM Roady or the SkyFi . These units are more designed to be used in either the vehicle or your home . XM just needs to go back to the drawing board on their mobile devices . Trust me on this .
 XM2go is a great concept but it is flawed by quality issues and design nuances.Unable to delete one song at a time . Where did they go wrong with that?Poor disk management . After 5 hours it writes over the 1st song in queue . So keep an eye on your recording time.Unable to cycle through channels with a pushbutton on front like the older XM unit I had . You must use the thumbwheel.It locks up and audio drops out . I think I have a lemon because it froze and I had to remove the battery to get it to `` work '' again . This happened numerous times and my anger was getting intense as I am listening to a `` recorded '' song and the unit freezesOverall ... Dissatisfaction ! Avoid this one and wait for better .
 There are WAY too many accessories , cords , attachments for this device . When using it out in the open , I have reception problems even when I am in a totally clear space . I have also had trouble locating headphones with the antenna built in that fit it . I do use it sucessfully in the car - but there is a base , and the unit , and the antenna and the cord to plug it into the car lighter - just way too many cords . Same thing for in the house , and even though there is a `` bigger '' antenna - I have tried positioning it in EVERY window in my house and have been unable to obtain a signal anywhere . It 's a good idea , but I do n't think the technology for receiving the signal is at the level it needs to be in order for it to be a true portable device .
 I have had a MyFi every since it first came out . It 's a great product . It has the ability to record up to five hours of programming.My only major problem is that XM has increased their commercial time little by little every month . Now on most stations , there are 4 or more commercials per hour . This is unacceptable for a subscription based radio service that advertises itself as having the most commercial-free stations.Sirius does not have as many commercials . Go with a Sirius product such as the S50 .
 I am a heavy user of the MyFi - Used daily for recorded content . Somehow or other I have managed to record 6 hours nightly on two channels . I found that a channel I had set for 1 hr . of Bob Edwards everyday did n't recognize telling it none - it still retained the previous setting of daily . Only seems to work if it is immediately after another time . Example 1-6 AM on channel 163 and then 6-7 AM on channel 133 . I have had the MyFi for over 1 1/2 years . I also have the Roady 2 . I have had to replace the MyFi over 6 times . I purchased it at Best Buy and bought the repair contract . They always replace it rather than repair it . Mostly it just quits responding to orders . First it gets out of sync with the menu and what it is playing . I find I start having this problem after approx . one month . Almost as tho the memory is overloaded . I just clear the memory and start over . This usually fixes that problem . This is also fixed sometimes by popping the battery off - works too if it wo n't shut off or quits responding . It is time to replace another one . Erratic behavior . Sometimes just loses programming it has saved . I am also experimenting with a new battery to see if it works this time . I do n't use the MyFi in the car except for recorded content transmitted to the radio . The roady 2 does better in the car . The power draw is stronger for the roady 2 and I believe that helps the antenna pick up the signal . Using the antenna with the MyFi did n't sound as clear . Reception was harder to get a clear signal . We have too many trees to use the MyFi outside on walks . I love to use the MyFi when walking my dogs 2-3 hrs . a day with the recorded content . Great when working correctly.I would only purchase this product with a replacement contract to enhance warrantee . Some lasted longer than others . Shortest might have been a week and the longest maybe six months . I 've never purchased any product that was so uneven in performance . Only being able to record two settings is a negative . XM is not commercial free . They advertise their own programming . I love recording programming so that I can skip commercials . Hope this helps others .
 I have had my MyFi for nine months , and it truly has been a love-hate relationship . I live in a rural area , and bought it so that I would have an alternative to the local top-40 fare and public radio , which are the only radio stations available here . Also , the availability of all major league baseball games was a plus . I can listen to the Cincinnati Reds games once again.My first reaction upon opening the box was `` What a lot of parts ! '' It is more like getting a hobby kit than a radio receiver . There are a lot of flimsy plastic parts which , fortunately , are not particularly useful . There are little imitation leather pouches and plastic holders ... all of which I threw in a drawer and have n't found a use for.The programming is pretty good . I find some of the channels are very good some days , and dreadful on others . However , I can always find something I want to listen to . The receiver is easy to use , the backlit screen is very clear , and the sound quality is excellent . A really nice added feature is that , as an XM subscriber , you can listen to all the non-commercial programming over the net . I use that feature a lot at work.The really frustrating thing about the MyFi is the truly terrible reliability . I have had to have my unit replaced -LRB- under warranty -RRB- twice so far . Both times , the unit simply stopped dead . Delphi replaced it each time under warranty without any problem . I did have to pay to ship it to them , and go without the receiver for a couple of weeks , however . They did not give me any credit on my monthly subscription fee for the time I was without it . More recently , the car antenna broke . The leads are very flimsy , and simply broke from use . I tried repeatedly to get through to Delphi Customer Service . It 's impossible -LRB- obviously I 'm not the only one having reliability issues with Delphi products -RRB- . What is even more aggravating is there is no way to order replacement parts from Delphi over the web.If you want XM Radio , my recommendation is to get a Pioneer receiver .
 I got my Dlphi MyFi for a Christmas present . I signed up for a one-year subscription . After I signed up I was told not to use the battery that came with the radio because it might explode ! That defeats the purpose of the radio for me . I want to use it when I am on my bicycle or motorcycle . For that I need the battery ! It 's been almost a month and I am still waiting on a replacement battery . The satellite radio works fine but I need a battery ! I feel like I have wasted a month of my subscription . So far Dlphi has been unresponsive .
 The second MyFi has lost its number-pad so that only the scroll can be used to dial the stations . The thing is heavy , chunky , fragile and when you record -LRB- two segments only can be programmed -RRB- , playback is limited to the beginning of each segment as XM buys it , so you ca n't go half-way into an hour-long show if you leave it , but have to listen to the whole thing again . Insult to injury is the dust that blows into the screen , so forevermore the sun on your screen reveals the build-up . This is a second-rate piece of junk compared to iPod-like devices , not a hint of elegance about it .
 This item is a total piece of crap ! I took a one mile walk and had reception for about 10 seconds . Sure , it comes with an external antenna that you hook to your hat or shirt but who wants to go jogging with a mass of cords or lay by the pool and fool around with trying to get a signal . My advice is wait for the size and price to go down by half , wait for a built in antenna that works , and in the meantime get yourself an IPOD . This is by no means XM to go .
 I had one of these , and loved it at first , because I did n't know any better and I was thrilled to get XM radio . Then a burglar helpfully removed it from my home , and I replaced it with a Roady2 , a less expensive , less attractive device that still got XM.Reasons I still feel I traded `` up '' : -- The reception in the Delphi MyFi XM2GO is inferior . Unless the conditions were exactly right , I had trouble getting the signal . -- The keypad is obnoxious and strange . Yes , it looks cool . I do not buy radios to look at , I buy them to listen to . This keypad is difficult to use unless you look right at the thing when you use it . -- It 's heavier than other models , annoying in a portable device.So `` thank you '' to the burglar -LRB- whoever bought it at a great price from the fence got what he/she deserved -RRB- and I suggest at the very least that you try this radio before you buy it !
 Like many others , I had been waiting for a portable satellite radio ever since the beginning of XM . I asked the aloof boys at Best Buy when they thought that was going to happen only to get a shrug in response . Then one day I was online and found that myfi was coming soon . I read , I reviewed , I planned for minor disappointments . I unwrapped this thing on Christmas , set it up , plugged it in and had vision of working out without the frustrations of local radio . I love XM - and I love the concept of satellite radio . I love the idea of listenting to whatever I want while the neanderthals in the gym are either listening to death rock or rap . The time has come !! So I get this thing working , get a good signal by my window at home , and the moment I take the myfi off the stand it does n't work - at all . Get outside , it works fine in the driveway , but then I walk about three feet and nothing . This ai n't looking good . Things did n't improve much after that.I figured I could , if nothing else , use it to record music . But wait - I already have music match to do line-in recording , and I can just plug in my XM radio to the back of the computer , record onto Musicmatch , and put it on my ipod . Heck with it ... I am going to keep the myfi , I thought . It 's got to get better . So I record 5 hours of music and off to the gym I go . MAJOR DISAPPOINTMENT # 2
 I used it for a day and ended up returning it . The radio itself was fine and fairly easy to use -LRB- although not something you strap on your waist while working out -RRB- . The music selection is awesome ... WHEN YOU CAN GET A SIGNAL . I wanted to use it while running or walking outside but 90 % of the time the signal would drop . I considered keeping it for the `` recording '' feature , but I figured I could use my ipod for that and not have to spend any extra on a monthly subscription fee .
 Overpriced and under-functional . Excitedly bought mine yesterday , but am taking it back today.I am especially dissapionted in the packaging ... for example , the thumbweheel is too small and easily scrolls when you mean to select . I think rain would easily get inside the box and ruin the unit , it is not sealed.And if you are expecting iPod-quality look and feel , forget it . It has a cheap plastic feel , and the display is early 1990 's technology . The glass is too reflective , you can not see the display from an angle if in the sun or inside if the lights are on . And the display is unimaginative , colorless , and boring . The buttons and corresponding functionality are not at all intuitive and some of therm are a little small.Walking around outside ... forget it , maybe 50 % of the time a usable signal , and only when there are not trees and the antenna is facing south . Its ' reception overall is very definitely substandard to my Roady . And there is one REALLY DUMB thing about the outside antenna . It has a really strange , unusable clip especially if you do n't have a pocket to attach it to . While walking around I could reposition the antenna and sometimes get a better signal if it just had an alligator clip so I could easily reposition it , but the clip only attached to pockets or collars . If you have a shirt without pockets forget it , there is no way to attach this thing . If attached to my t-shirt collar , I guess my head and chin are in the way because I get no reception , plus it flops around and gets upside down because the clip is not tight enough . Really goofball antenna , this is the dumbest part of the unit.I had this thing attached to my belt , when I sat down and leaned over for something the belt clip opened up on its own , not a good thing.The home cradle is not like a Palm device , you can not just slap it in , you have to line up two VERY ligthweight pins , this will not last longTwo remarks to sum up my thoughts :1 . If you already have a Roady , then what you get here for 345.00 is record and playback functionality . It is absolutely NOT a Walkman walk-around-outside type of device .2 . XM needs to turn the licensing of their units over to a Japanese or Korean company . Package Engineering for this unit is the worst for anything I have purchased in 25 years . The Roady is not good either , but Delphi is in WAY over their head with this one .
 I was amazed at the low price I paid for the Delphi XM radio . Glad I did not pay more as it only worked for a little over a month !!!!
 I just bought this product today and after charging it it only took me about an hour to decide i would be returning it . The reception is abolutely terrible . I would much rather listen to an FM radio because at leat that way I can get constant reception . I live in a fairly populated area and would expect reception to be decent at best . This is the first satelite radio I have owned so I can not comment on how well it works compared to others . I have also not tried it in my car yet . If you are planning on carrying this with you when you walk around , you must have music recorded . You can not listen to it live even with the portable antenna cliped to your shirt . I was extremely disapointed with this product and would strongly recomend for people to wait until they get reception issues cleared up a little better . It is a real shame that this product had so much potential and turned out to be such a flop !!
 I bought this thinking I could use it for different activities , but it turned out to be a waste . It really does n't work when outside unless the antenna is on and you are in one place . It hardly works in the house and car reception is iffy . I have gotten much better service with the Roady than with this and the Roady cost a lot less .
 DONT BUY DELPHI !!!! My son and I have had 2 niether lasted for a fullyear . He has a roady and went to get a new one - Not at any stores . So if you bought the home unit and mobile your screwed unles you buy old unit on the internet . What a crock !!!!!!!! they changed all the connections so you have to by ALL new stuff - the unit , the mobile and the home unit . What a screw job buy Delphi . I WONT EVER BY A PRODUCT FROM THEM AGAIN . XM is great just , dont buy Delphi !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is probably a good radio , but the programming of XM is awfull . I should have done my homework better . Probably fine for air-headed jocks , but not for the intellectual . Their blues chanel is nothing compaired to Sirius ' . So now im stuck with a $ 300 radio and nothing to listen to .
 The purchase price of this item - $ 95 delivered - does not include a power supply . An additional purchase is necessary to use this thing . Also , it is little larger than a pair of packs of cigarettes . I can not comment on its efficacy , as I can not turn it on . Boy , do I feel stupid .
 This camera takes wonderful pictures , especially for the price ... that is however if you can get the piece of crap to work . After this camera , I would never buy another mustek product . The outside casing is bulky and does n't work half of the time . The dial wheel thing next to the lcd screen is supposed to be used to scroll through menu options and photos . It will only work when pushed down and to the side , and that only works about 30 % of the time . The shutter doors get stuck closed and I have to use my finger nails to get them open . I have taken pictures that appeared to work , only to find out that they never took , this without any indication -LRB- I had plenty of memory and the battery was charged -RRB- . I have never had these kinds of problems with any other type of digital camera I have used .
 I 've had my camera for over a month now . It comes with ONLY a rechargable battery , & the battery seems to die within 10 minutes after using the flash too much - then you have to have a place to re-plug it in to recharge - that 's my main problem - Pics do come out fuzzy/blurred sometimes , but that could be due to a non-steady hand . The video does come out great , daylight is best , or well lit situations , and the sound is great also , does n't sound like a cheap `` underwater '' mircochip recording . I do n't like the fact that each time you turn it on , the lens fully extends and stays that way weather you zoom in or not - The camera on the outside seems cheap - the first day I used it , some of the lettering on the top rubbed off - and it came with a real cheesy , non-protective camera `` pouch '' . I have taken some really great indoor pics though - you can choose which size pixels you want and the camera has room for an extra memory chip - the one it comes with can take about 90 pictures -LRB- at 3 mega pixels -RRB- OR 4/5 minutes of video . -LRB- you CAN NOT zoom while video filiming-you have to stop and then zoom in or out then record again -RRB- It 's not slim - kinda bulky , compared to other cameras on the market now , but seems okay for me - Came with a table top tripod , battery , cords for recharging and for usb hook up to computer - Also comes with a cord to hook it up TV for better view of seeing and taking pics , and the quality was great on the tv-and you can set it to take from 2 to 50 pictures between 30sec to 30minutes each - You can change the ISO from either 100 , 200 , or 400 . -LRB- you can also choose the mega pixel size on the camera - there is 0.3 - 3 . - 5 . - and 6.5 -RRB- If I had the chance to return it for a refund or store credit - I totally would - READ ALL REVIEWS BEFORE BUYING ! Thats what I did n't do-Cheaper AND Larger mega pixels does n't mean better ! -LRB- I would say there 's more bad than good on this one -RRB- Good luck and happy hunting !
 I bought this camera in January - it is now April and its barely working!PROS : *** What attracted me to this camera were the supposedly great features that it offered - 6.5 mp , mp3 player , voice recorder , video / camcorder , webcam * The video feature is nice - videos are clear enough and the sounds are clear enough as well . * Takes ok pictures - but you have to know the camera though.CONS : * The camera will NOT charge the batteries at all . I thought that the batteries were dead so i bought a new battery AND an external charger and fully charged the new battery - when I put it in the camera , it was still saying the batteries are dead ! When I use the adopter , it works fine - BUT I CA N'T USE AN ADOPTOR EVERYWHERE !! Defective ! Defective ! Defective ! Something is SERIOUSLY wrong with this thing . * When you snap a picture , the screen blanks for waaaaay toooo long ! * All of a sudden , the webcam feature stop working - you are welcomed by a BLANK screen ! -LRB- The webcam is not being recognised ! -RRB- * Sometimes when I think I took a picture - its not taken . * Any little shake causes the pictures to come out blurry * Too bulky - many times I had to change my hand bag because its too big to hold inside.SUMMARY : I am VERY much disappointed in this camera - Just a few days ago I had to go and spend more money to buy a new camera after owning this one for just 3 months ! Where I am , returning it to the manufacturer to fix may eventually cost me just as much as I spend to buy it.DO NOT ALLOW THE FANCY FEATURES TO CATCH YOU TOO !! My advise - buy name brands you are familiar with !!
 Do n't waste your money . Pay a little more for better quality . In 3 years I replaced this camera 3 times . They keep sending me a new one , and each time it stops working within months . The batteries do n't charge . I ca n't even use the thing . I bought my husband a $ 50 digital and got way more life out of it . After trying to charge this camera for a few days , it wo n't even turn on anymore . Bought new batteries , and nothing . Do n't waste YOUR money .
 I ordered the Fugi Finpix , but received a Musheui something or rather ... because the birthdays were so close , i chose to keep both of the cameras , the first one broke in my hands as i was taking out of box , the second camera -LRB- i ordered 2 , for a set of twins -RRB- , worked irradically for 7-9 days , and then not at all ... . the first camera was replaced by supersavers immediately , so iam in the middle of returning the second camera . The customer service at Supersaver is quick , and friendly , but iam not happy at having thought that i was buying a `` Fugi '' camera , which i own one for over 10 years now , I received a off the wall brand that works like an off the wall brand . So right now i am waiting for my second camera to return ... hope this lasts longer than the first two . Can they really do that ... even my packing slip said i ordered fugi , but got Mutsaka blahblahblah ... Not exactly excited . on the verge of frustration ... a dubbed customer .
 Received mine as advertised within a week or so . Although I had trouble with another product from this company -LRB- teracing12 -RRB- . The Model number matched the item delevered but it was not the item which was pictured . Be sure to double check any item that you are buying from this company .
 My wife and I travel a lot and we got this for iPad movies on flight . Used it once on a flight to Hawaii and back . On our next trip , one of the jacks had a loose connection and was unusable .
 The two female plugs are not compatible with newer Apple headphones with mic/remote . When you plug them in all the way , the sound becomes distorted . I can only assume that this is because the mic/remote headphones have an extra band on the male end.Considering the proliferation of Apple headphones w/mic there are , there should be a warning about this product .
 Even though its listed as iPhone compatible on Amazon as well as Monster 's own web site , it is not ! I wish somebody would either fix their product claims or stop selling the wrong -LRB- old ? -RRB- version of the product .
 This splitter was listed as iPhone compatible on the Apple site , but it 's not . Maybe in a future version it will be , but the one I got mid-July 2007 does n't fit into the plug on the iPhone which is what I wanted . : - -LRB-
 This product initially worked well , but after less than three weeks , one of the channels went completely dead , and none of the many things I 've tried have brought it back to life . There appear to be some quality control issues at Monster .
 I bought two of these for my Kodak Z810 camera . After the wall charger says it 's done charging , I put it in my camera and the low battery warning comes up immediately . This happens with both of my batteries . It 's not worth the savings . Buy the Kodak model instead .
 I put this memory in a new computer I was building . Computer would restart while I was installing software - what a pain ... Tested the memory with Memtest . . Tested OK . Tested CPU . . Tested OK . Went to local computer store bought new memory and installed it . Computer has run fine ever since.Returned the defective memory to Amazon . OCZ memory is built by Kingston . So just be aware , you might get some bad memory if you buy this .
 I got this product slightly over a year but did n't get the time to setup . I only kept it around 7 months and siren starting to ring . I call Buffalo they said its over the warranty.Very slow on coping .
 This device worked for a while , but after trying to do a backup , the admin password did not work any more , and numerous attempts to access the data , resetting the password , calling tech support , upgrading the firmware , and so on , did not fix the problem . Tech support is lousy
 THE HS-DH500GL overall is a terrible product . in the more than a year i had it i had it replaced once by buffalo and then after the warrantly expired it broke down completely . i bought a NAS to backup my system and USE DLNA to stream my media what good is it if the drive starts clicking . I lost a lot of backups thati made and a lot of things i copied for protection when this drive died now will look to some recovery service provider and services like mozy to backup up my system long term . and look to drives like iomega or WD to provide short term backup and DLNA services . stay away from buffalo .
 I 'd also heard good stuff about Buffalo , but this model seems like kind of a dog . I 'll second that when you 've got it media-serving -LRB- DLNA -RRB- , the hard disk is constantly whirring . There are some kinks in its ability to do Mac file-sharing , mostly around its inability to properly do security settings between users . Using it for home networking , and if I accessed stuff through Apple protocols and family members used different usernames , there was no way to both have access to the the same things . Ended up using its SMB protocols , but the tech support said they 'd look into this and release a firmware update . That was almost a year ago , no firmware updates since then . It 's a little pokey for having an gigabit ethernet port .
 I purchased this a couple of months ago . . Was easy to setup and run . I was thrilled and spent the next three days copying photos and files from various backup CDs and DVDs on to the linkstation.A week later , it stopped responding and I dialed their tech support line . Oh Boy ! my troubles started since then.I had to call them multiple times with one issue after another . The average wait time I have experienced is around 1 hour !!!!! just to get to a customer support rep !!! . After that , debugging the problem took another 45 mins at the minimum -LRB- which explains the wait time ... -RRB- There was a time when I was on phone with their tech support for 3 hours at a stretch !!!! -LRB- I have not spoken to my wife for 3 hours at a stretch on phone even when we were courting ... I am sure she will bring that up in our next therapy session : - -RRB- But to give credit , the tech support folks seem pretty knowledgeable . Half the time they were able to figure out what is wrong based on how many times the error light blinks and what type of beep I could hear.But then they would say , `` No . The thing doesnt work , return it to us and we will send you another one . `` Sent my first , got another . That broke after another two weeks . Again called customer support , spent hours on phone ... and they said , '' Return it to us again ! '' , sent that , got another ... EVEN THAT ONE BROKE !!!! Now I am on my 4th Linkstation ... I hope this would last me a while.The defects seemed to be always with the electronics and not with the drive in it . So if you store valuable data , you have the option of opening the box , pulling the drive out and retrieving data from it . But you void the warranty in that case ... Overall , I think it is better to choose another product or get an external hard drive and a wireless router that can put it on the network .
 This product seems like a great idea but I ended up returning it . I bought it so my girlfriend can get to her schoolwork on my computer or her laptop and also use the printer without mine being on . The web access seems neat too , but the problem with this product is in the interface . I could see her eyes glaze over when I showed her what she needed to do to use this . I know not everyone wants this , but give me a program she -LRB- or someone 's parents or children -RRB- can open up and understand how to use and I 'll buy it . Also had a fan error and was unable to connect to the drive after first day of use , did firmware and software updates for Vista and got my data back from it ... scary ! This is supposed to be my backup ? Not reliable in my opinion .
 Worked well right out of the box . I connected it to my home network , and within a few minutes was able to connect from XP , Vista and Mac PCs . In the evening it was gone from the network . Re-powering and resetting did not help , and it does n't even look like it goes through the normal boot up process . The drive is spinning , I can hear it , but it no longer connects to the network . It is being returned . For a device that was to house backups of all of my data , images , etc , it is too unreliable .
 I bought this device over competing products because of the price and because it supports gigabit ethernet . After having used it for about 2 weeks I fail to understand what the point of putting gigabit ethernet on a device that 's not even capable of keeping up with USB speeds . I attached my external USB drive to this box and copied a 20GB folder from it to my local hard drive . It took approximately 20 hours -LRB- 1GB / hour -RRB- . The same copy on the same USB drive plugged directly into my computer via USB took about 20 minutes -LRB- 1GB / min -RRB- . When I called Buffalo tech support to complain they claimed this was not a defect , but just how it 's designed ! This seems unacceptable to me .
 I bought the unit new - took it home and set it up . It lasted 1 day before it broke . I then paid for shipping back to have it fixed.After shipping it off to be repaired and then calling Buffalo after not hearing anything for over 2 weeks I find they still need the receipt that I sent with the unit . So I give them that and they send the unit back . It does not last even 1 day before the drive quits again . So again I pay for shipping back to them so they can try and fix it . I ca n't begin to say how disappointed I have been with this unit and the company itself . This is my 1st and last experience with them.I 'd really like to tell you how this unit works but I have been waiting since 11-16-08 to find out . Your money would be better spent elsewhere than with this company .
 I have also experienced the noise and very slow speed others have mentioned . Additionally , the product has prematurely failed . Turning off PCast did silence the clicking noise , but this forced me to use another drive for my shared iTunes library . To its credit , the drive was able to stream HDTV -LRB- a recorded transport stream of about 10GB per hour -RRB- , but for general file copying , this drive is very , very s-l-o-w . My main complaint with this product is the fact that it completely FAILED less than 2 years after purchase . I had thought I was extending the life of the product by turning off PCast -LRB- constant read/write -RRB- but to no avail . The LED now blinks 6 times , indicating irreparable disk failure , emits a painful groaning noise , and will not connect to any computer.I have also experienced the same , slow , nearly useless advice from the customer `` service '' personnel . Forget about ever reaching them by phone - their M.O. is a delayed , cryptic e-mail if anything at all.I will never buy another Buffalo product . I bought this product because technically it looked good on paper - in spite of its ugly enclosure design . But while the company may have some good ideas , their execution is pitiful .
 I was initially pleased with the Linkstation Live . Installation was fairly easy , performance was adequate considering I was accessing it mostly over 802.11 g , and the value was good.One of the features I was most intrigued by was the DLNA support . I bought a PS3 and wanted to stream music from the Linkstation to the console . After figuring out a few quirks such as required folder names for media files , I was able to get the PS3 to find and play them on the Linkstation . Unfortunately , this feature proved extremely unreliable . The DLNA service seemingly would go to sleep and I 'd have to log in to the Linkstation 's web interface in order to refresh the database . That 's annoying to the point of being practically useless . Then finally , the entire service seemed to freeze . I could see a only a few . MP3s I had in the root of the music folder , but none of the CDs I 'd ripped into sub-folders . No amount of stopping/starting/rebooting helped . I had to give up on media sharing entirely . Emails to Buffalo 's tech support only yielded `` We 've never heard of this problem '' , but I found other people grousing about it on web forums.Oh yeah , about two months after the warranty period , the unit failed entirely . I wo n't miss it .
 I purchased this device to share media and act as a print server . I was able to configure the shared drive within minutes with no problem . Then came time to configure the print server . When attempting to login to the web-based GUI , I received an ambiguous software error . I attempted a little bit of troubleshooting , but given the error was cryptic , did n't really have a good starting point . So eventually I decide to cycle the power on the device . After powering the device back up , it sounded an audible alarm , and the red LED indicated a disk failure . This was within the first 4 hours of owning the product.SO , I make my way to the Buffalo Tech website to find some troubleshooting . The only suggestions besides calling tech support were to run a disk check or reformat the disk using the client tool , BUT the client tool does n't give either of those options , and it stopped responding half of the time anyway . I spent another 45 minutes or so reinstalling and trying different versions of the client software , nothing worked . Tried updating the device firmware , got the good old 0xFFFFFF0 error everytime . The 24/7 technical support did n't answer the phone , but a recording reminded by 25 times to have the product serial number ready.Reading some of the on-line reviews , catastrophic failures within a short amount of time are common with these devices . The software quality is poor -LRB- typos , bad looking GUIs , cryptic error messages , and a lot of buttons that do n't seem to do anything -RRB- . Although it seems useful , I would not recommend .
 I ca n't believe I 'm writing this review , but if it helps someone avoid the headaches I 've had , at least something good will come of my experience.The biggest problem - Buffalo Technology has non-existant customer service . They do n't answer calls , do n't respond to emails , and do n't respond to the internet form.The drive worked well for 3 weeks . When it stopped working -LRB- I could n't mount it -RRB- , I contacted BT tech support via the online form and then by email . I received a response 1 week later telling me to upgrade the firmware and to reset the drive . I did both , to no avail . I tried contacting BT again via every imaginable way , with no response . The drive still does n't work - $ 300 is a lot of money for garbage!I went and bought a Western Digital My Book Studio Edition . It 's not wireless , but it 's fast and it works . The Linkstation Live drive is the worst electronic/computer tool I 've ever bought . And with their total absence of technical support , Buffalo should go out of business .
 I have worn out a set of tyres taking my Linkstation to the retailer after repeated drive failures - 5 in 5 weeks.I found that , apart from the very dud mechanicals , the Manual was close to useless and the online advice very lackingI am now going out there for the last time to obtain a refund and buy a decent serverDo yourself a favour and DO NOT BUY BUFFALO
 I waited on hold for 45 minutes before getting to tech support . I was told that my unit had a `` bad ROM '' - it does n't even boot up -LRB- no front panel lights come on at all when turned on - even though the FAN does come on -RRB- . The support engineer did n't seem at all surprised to hear about this.Based on the other poor reviews here , I 'm not sure I even want to exchange this for another unit .
 When my computer hard drive began to get too full , and I needed access from several computers without having the others on , I decided on a network attached storage device . I purchased this model because it stated that it offered Internet based document access , supported two USB devices , and you can set up shares , permissions , etc. I was not able to get it to share files over the Internet , the documentation on their website is criptic at best , tech support kept pointing the blame on anything else -LRB- router , modem , even my computer . . -RRB- , but never got that working . BTW - figure on two hours on hold before you get to speak to any technician at Buffalo . I was able to share other USB hard drives , and printers through the USB devices , however I was unable to set up a scanner thru the USB connections.Now , after about 4 mos . of use as a glorified external hard drive , the thing crashed . Buffalo offered to replace it , but not guarantee any of the data , so I had to take it to one of those hard drive recovery professionals to get all my data back -LRB- which cost about twice what it would have had I had a Windows based NAS rather than this Linux - who knew ? -RRB- . Buffalo has refused to reimburse me , so I will probably take the replacement they send me and list it on eBay . I am not certain of the reliability of other NAS , but this one fell well short of my expectations .
 I purchased my Linkstation two months ago and liked it initially . Data transfer rates were slow , but it was one of the cheaper home NAS products and I bought it primarily for backing-up and its printer server feature . It was easy to install and gave me no problems at first . Two weeks later , however , the unit broke down completely . I found it beeping one morning , showing a fan failure via its status LED . I could no longer connect to the unit.Buffalo provides a 24-7 tech support tech support line , which is a complete waste of time . I never spoke to a real person ; I was just put on hold until they dropped the call half an hour later . I setup a service request via email , though it took them two weeks to reply with an RMA number . I was required to pay the shipping charges of their faulty product back to their site.A week later I received my brand new replacement unit . I installed it as before , and everything looked good ... for about six hours . Shortly after I had finished backing up my media files -LRB- which does take a significant amount of time , given the speed of the unit -RRB- , I found the new unit had failed in the exact same manner as the last . I attempted to contact tech support again via phone , with the same result as last time ... I spent forever on hold , and then the line goes dead . At this point I just want a refund , since I think there must be a design flaw with the Linkstation Live , but Buffalo makes it very clear in their policies that is n't an option.I strongly recommend looking at other available products . I was under the impression that Buffalo was a quality brand , but something has gone terribly wrong in this design or with their manufacturing process . If you do decide to purchase this , do yourself a favour and check the return policy of the store ... if you buy a lemon , you 'll want to avoid having to deal with Buffalo directly .
 I 'm a fan of the Linkstations . I 've bought a first generation Linkstation for the office a long time ago and was happy with that . I currently own the Linkstation Pro 320GB at home and I 've loved it . It was very fast and very reliable . I bought the Linkstation Live 750 GB because I needed more storage and because I was happy with the Pro.But I was wrong the expect the same performance ! This version of Linkstation is far slower , especially the read speeds compared to the Linkstation Pro . I compare them by writing and reading various files times on both devices and the Live ALWAYS comes in slower . The most aggravating thing are the extremely slow lags when you 're accessing different folders , which the Linkstation Pro almost never did.Linkstation Live has the same speed as the first generation Linkstations , and that 's pathetic considering it 's got a faster SATA hard drive and should have better tuned firmware.I 'm sorry I bought this device . I do n't know why Buffalo let themselves fumble a good thing they had going with the Linkstation series . The only reason I give it two stars instead of one is because the print server is a nice extra . BUT it 's still NOT WORTH the major speed decrease .
 I honestly thought that this would be a good solution to my storage problems , but the speed of the device kills its usefulness.It took over 50 hours to copy 500GB of data using Gigabit ethernet . I have to ask what the point of a Gigabit ethernet connection is . The hard disk is fast enough but it seems the underlying chips and processor just ca n't handle that kind of speed . I found that 11MBit wireless is just as fast - which is a real shame.The web management interface is so slow that my browser frequently times out on page loads . If you ca n't manage the device then it borders on useless.All of this would n't be so bad if the device worked well simply as a storage device , but on this front it fails . It takes about 30 seconds for `` My Computer '' to display the shared drive ever since I mapped to the Linkstation Live . That 's because the device takes that long to respond to requests . I have pretty much decided to map the drive only when I need to store or retrieve something - which is just plain wrong.I am very disappointed .
 I had a Linkstation drive / print for years now and I was extremely satisfied . I have a PS3 and recently I was shopping for a DLNA server , I bought the 320 LiveStation and although the DLNA service works ` with tons of bugs though ' there are a couple of deal breakers :1 -RRB- The admin web interface is extremely slow , I have no clue why every click take over 10 seconds ! 2 -RRB- If you enable DLNA or PCast which is the Primary Reason this whole ` Live ' product line exist , the thing is Continously Reading or Writing from the LinkStation HardDrive , even if there are no clients connected to it !! This will basically kill your harddrive after a couple of weeks , or drive you nuts as it is very noisy . Its funny on their web site they acknowledge the problem and they suggest , you ` DISABLE ' the feature if to resolve it ; So what 's the idea behind the whole Live Product line if it 's faulty in the core of it 's Media service implementation . I ca n't imagine that they suggested that , avoid and just get the plain file server edition.I 'm definitely returning this drive !!!!!!!
 The system starting showing problems in the first 30 days . It would lock up and require power cycling to fix . Then it started displaying error codes . Called customer support -LRB- waited 30 minutes on first call before giving up , took 25 minutes on second call to get through -RRB- . Was told to upgrade the firmware . Installation process failed and bricked the unit . Called CS again -LRB- another 30 minutes to get through -RRB- and was given an RMA number and told I would get an email with instructions . Several days later , no email . Sent email to CS and got a reply that I would get the authorization email shortly . Two days later , no authorization email . Sent another email and finally got the shipping instructions , etc. . Not sure I 'm even going to bother trying to install the new unit ... if it ever gets here . Would * not * recommend Buffalo products .
 The Linkstation Live works with my 3 Macs as a file server . No problem -LRB- I 'm not too concerned about speed -RRB- . If you enable DLNA , the drive appears in my iTunes `` devices '' list and you can stream songs from it like another user 's computer on the network . It did not work at first . I called Buffalo tech support repeatedly , and finally got through . The guy was chewing his lunch while he talked to me . Said they only have one Mac to test stuff out on and he would try to replicate my issue and call me back . No call back.I then submitted an email request for a response and got an automated response saying a support rep would get in touch within 48 hours . It 's been over a month . Nothing.Luckily it seems to work now but , as others have mentioned , with the DLNA feature -LRB- iTunes streaming -RRB- enabled , the drive spins constantly -LRB- even while all computers are asleep -RRB- . In order to ensure the drive lasts , I 've disabled it -- so no more iTunes streaming , it 's just a plain old file server .
 90 % of the time dell pc running windows xp/pro does not recognizeMegastore dvd drive . About to give up on this hardware and try to get a dvd writer that works .
 I would not use Amazon for a electronic purchase of high dollar value . They use third party vendors and it is not easy to see which one is reliable or not .
 It does not hid the sun glare which is why I bought it . It does not stay on very well . Do not buy it .
 This product came with an italian users guide . In addition the specification fails to state the thickness of this wall mount . It turns out its about 3.5 inches thick and with the thickness of the monitor itself it stands out very far from the wall.I RETURNED THIS BACK TO AMAZON
 The bolts that come with it break very easily . If you have some of your own ... use them . The level is n't correct on the mount . Pay close attention when leveling . Very hard to level . Very sturdy though .
 Well constructed product , however very difficult to make connections once mounted . It would be nice to have a swing hinge or more tilt available , otherwise make sure you have enough length on your connectors , which is rarely available .
 Arrived today in a taped , ripped , and open box . It appears as though all the parts are there , but this is definitely not a ` factory sealed ' product . Beware!My suggestion would be to buy from someone else .
 Like previous comments mentioned , once alarm goes off for whatever reason , you might as well throw it away . Not worth the money .
 I kept hearing this sound . A rather subtle , yet highly annoying sound . A high-pitched beeping sound . At first I thought it was coming from the street -LRB- maybe one of those audible cross-walks -RRB- ... nope . Hmmm . Seems to be coming from the area of the television . Is it the TV itself ? Nope . I think it ... yes I 'm almost certain ... its the AR705TC . Wow that 's the most annoying thing I 've ever heard . How do I turn it off ? It does n't turn off ?? WTF ? Well I guess I 'll have to rewire my entire entertainment system so I can throw this POS in the garbage so it will ... just ... stop ... beeping .
 I had a Vivatar camera in just like this in blue . It was a nice camera , not expensive to care for , unlike my older Advantix one . I decided that I would take it on the trip of a lifetime , to Space Camp , Flordia . I had a rool of 24 , and right when I took the wound camera out of my caring case , it slipped out of my hand and fell onto the semi-soft carpet . I picked it up and tried to take a picture , but when I pressed , the button only went down . It would n't wind , either ! That was also going to be my last picture . With the first 2 days on it , it is still sitting on the counter . If you must buy one of these , then do n't drop it !
 What I loved about mine , which I bought from amazon.com , was that it was cute , stylish , small , and very lightweight . APS and three photo sizes , including panorama , is what drew me to it initially . Then the transluscent color . But mine was defective , and I do n't know how common that is for this model . I wish more people would post ratings . With mine , the film did not `` drop in '' so nice , it had to be forced in , then got stuck inside and did not want to come out . Also , -LRB- and most importantly -RRB- it did not take the 3 different sizes of pictures . I slid the slider to the 3 different positions throughout the roll , but it only took one size the whole way through . So , I had bad luck . Maybe yours wo n't be defective , they ca n't all be , can they ? If you get a non-defective one , you 'll love it 'cause it 's cute , small , and very light .
 I love purple , own tons of things that are purple . I loved the idea of this camera and something great for those short trips , etc. . I load the first roll of film and have a blast on the Navy Pier in Chicago for the day . I buy more film and then jet to Mexico . I TRY to load the next roll of film ! Nothing ! Am I wrong !? I see the problem and was unable to ever resolve it ! And what 's worse is that I bought the identical gift for a friend 's daughter in England ! She ca n't return it now and I wonder if it is still working for her . I am too embarassed to ask ! You get what you pay for !!! Not another Vivitar product !
 I purchased the CPen 200 , which apparently uses the same recognition technology but is the cheaper model without the added features , and regret it . Accuracy is not good enough for most purposes I have tried to use it for and I have found it much quicker to type out text manually , or even write it out by hand , than to try and scan it in and correct the errors made by the CPen . The XTNDAccess infrared connection which I needed to purchase with the device is extremely temperamental on Windows 2000 , and impossible to install on Windows NT Workstation - the tech support people were downright unhelpful and refused to direct enquiries to customer services . The battery life on the device is poor and I found I had run down the batteries in only a few hours of use . If I could return the device I would ; buying it was throwing money down the drain .
 This receiver , which I purchased from ASP Doors , was defective . Linear Corp 's technical service was unable to help , and told me that I had to return the product to ASP Doors.I have not been able to get a response from ASP Doors in over a months . I am presently out the cost of the receiver and keypad . I will not purchase another product from ASP Doors or Linear Corp -LRB- MultiCode Manufacturer . -RRB-
 Received the product on time but only worked for a distance of 2 feet and the transmitter had to be held at 90 degrees . Called the company and spent over 30 mins on hold waiting for customer service , before finally hanging up and entering the option for the warehouse where I spoke with someone to get an RMA . I sent the product back and had to chase up again to make sure they received it . I still have not received the replacement and have not received any responses to my emails . It has been a frustrating experience so far and I am ready to claim my money back but I am dreading the pocess now with amazon and AARemotes . This now has become a 5 week process . Nobody from the company returns any calls and you can never get through to their customer service . I can not recommend the company .
 I Did not recive the order i wanted i got the new version again . This is the 75 watt rms and 150 max NOT the old style 100 rms 200max as advertised .
 I did not need this after all , so it 's simply in the tool box in case either myself or a friend should ever have need.Besides , there no parts to this it is simply a conducting connector ... therefore it will work .
 The Product Specifications clearly state that a strap would be included . One was not , and now amazon.com is making me work with Canon to try to get one . A major pain to say the least , and I 'm not keen on using the camera too much without one . Will review the rest of the stuff later . But do n't say I did n't warn you if you 're looking for a strap .
 I started to notice this page for 3 weeks now and the price keeps going up every time . It started at $ 359.99 when i saw it for the first time then 369.99 and now its 399.99 . Not sure if amazon is playing a trick to make more money during holiday season ??? becareful and there are other places u can get this for around 359 .
 i just want to see the reviews and this system will not let me without entering something here ... not a great idea Amazon !
 I received this camera as a gift and am VERY disappointed with it !!! Pictures taken outside were ok at best , and the ones taken inside , even with alot of lighting , are very dark and hard to see . I would recommend buying a disposable camera before buying this one .
 I would only recommend using this camera for taking pictures outside on sunny days . Even taking pictures in a car when there is still daylight produces dark pictures . This camera just does n't seem to do well inside .
 This camera is horrible ! I was going away to live in Eastern Europe and did n't want to be bothered with looking for a camera there so I bought two !! Two months later the winding mechanism had broken on both of them . I was so ticked . I thought maybe it was some kind of super fluke but then I talked to some other people who had bought the same camera and their winding mechanism broke too . So my advice is spend another Ten bucks and by a camera that is going to work for longer than a month .
 I have had other Vivitar products , and the quality was excellent . I selected this camera based on the quality of other Vivitar products I have had . This camera was a huge disappointment . It was a problem from day one . Film would not re-wind , camera `` froze '' and would not take photos at all . I thought possibly just a `` single '' isolated bad camera ; however a friend has same camera , and the same problems . Had to take camera to photo shop & they professionally re-wound film . I have since returned camera . Will purchase differently in future .
 No reliability . Purchased for vacation . 1st day all electronics shut down and would not come on.Replaced with new one -LRB- same model 35M 115MM Zoom Camera -RRB- . Pictures that DID take were clear . The new camera lasted about 3 months when again electronics went bad . Pictures came out blurred.Very disappointing .
 I bought this camera and was also dissapointed . Mine also jammed and would not let another roll of film load . This was very dissapointing in the middle of my nephew 's 5th birthday party ! Try something else !
 I was initially excited when my son opened the box for Christmas , and it seemed to work great with the first roll of film , but the camera has since jammed and will not allow another roll of film to be loaded . Next time I will select a more expensive camera
 I bought two of these cameras and packed them away for a trip to Santorini Greece . I thought it came with batteries and would have bought batteries in the US but I did n't think to check . After buying and loading the batteries , I tried to feed the film into the automatic film loader and had lots of problems . After a great deal of exposed film , the door shut and I tried to take a picture . The button on top would n't press down . I do n't know if that was because of the film not being correct or the camera was just a piece of crap . Needless to say , I had a brand new camera that would n't take a single picture . Luckily , I had bought two , in case one was lost or broken . The second camera loaded well and took wonderful pictures . Thank God because I would have been so upset to be on the most beautiful and breath-taking Greek island without a way of capturing it on film .
 I purchased this camera some time ago and it still works -LRB- sort of -RRB- . It is very hard to get to flash . I have lost many perfect shots due to the failure of this camera 's flash and shutter release .
 I bought this because I could no longer get a 35mm camera in my area . It was a special occasion so I took my new camera took all my special picture of my granddaughters.Had them developed at my local walgreens , not one of them turned out all my photo memories gone.I was very upset.Do not waste your money . Susan Also was not able to return because I could not find my paper work .
 Along with several other reviewers ... I ordered this expecting to receive the complete charger for my camera . I received only the charger and not the power cord , the cord comes seperate . Very dissapointing . Should have looked more closely ... the item description and image are very misleading .
 The picture shows the AC cord with the charger . . I ordered this item thinking the AC cord was included only to find it was not when the item arrived . Even if the features list mentions that the AC cord is not included , it would help if the picture depicted the same . I had to order another time to get the power cord !
 The Charger works fine . However , I had to order this item twice froom Amazon and both times it arrived without the power cord . I finally contacted Pentax directly and they were kind enough to send me the power cord direct to me at no charge . I would caution anyone ordering this item from Amazon to add a comment asking that they check to see that the power cord is included before shipping your order .
 They should check their orders better . This came incomplete , without a plug . Not very competent on Amazon.com 's part . The picture should match what they send .
 Was very disappointed with order . Thought the order was deceiving , since the picture showed a cord with the charger , but did not come with one.Pretty hard to use without a cord .
 when i order this item i was inspecting the whole charger inc. the cord . very disapointed with the seller . they should only show pics . as is not with added things to it ... i wouldnt order anything else from here . thank you now i have to spend $ $ $ 15.00 more plus shipping somewhere elso for the cord not happy ... : - -LRB-
 Pentax charges too much -LRB- $ 48 -RRB- for this recharger and does not include the AC power cord to make it work ! For another -LRB- $ 11 -RRB- , you can get the AC power cord . There are less expensive alternatives .
 this is the only problem i have ever had with amazon ' ordered the product and the battery charger was sent w/out the cord ; reordered and once again the charger sent w/out the cord ; final talked to amazon rep and the refund process began ; then had to go to a regular store and purchase a similar product ... not quite sure what happened and neither is amazone ...
 very dissappointed with this cable . very loose fitting into usb ports . . maybe just got a bad one but not happy withh this one
 Got this to transfer files from 1 computer to another . The price was right but it unfortunately could not recognize it on each side.If you want to transfer files get an actual ` transfer cable ' with the software .
 This was not what i needed . I thought the cable could sync 2 laptops.I hope to find a use for it in the future .
 So after 6 weeks of waiting for this item to to come from Hong Kong , it finally arrived . I hooked it into the computer and the device and nothing ever happened . It is a windows computer so i kept waiting for the plug and play sound but it does n't work . I can not say 100 % that it is this cord and not the high tech device i want to use it with but Im blaming it anyway
 Bought this to transfer files from my PC to a portable drive -LRB- shortest I could find -RRB- when it did n't work I e-mailed the seller and was told that the cable would not function in that way , that I needed a `` special '' cable for file transfers . So , can not recommend this item as it performs no useful function .
 DO NOT BUY!I know it is cheap and that is why I thought it would be a quick / cheap way of connecting a USB hub that has my printers connected to my wireless router AND my work computer -LRB- has to be directly plugged in -RRB- . I have a 12 foot USB male to male extension that I bought a few years ago - it works fine . I thought this would be just the same.In short - this is a waste of time and money .
 I ordered this product on here for very cheap and paid for regular mail . Between the time I ordered and I received this was between 2 and 3 weeks . Then I get the item to my house and it does n't work . I should have went to Radio Shack . I would have spent $ 1.99 on a gallon of gas , maybe 4 dollars on this cable and maybe an hour of my time . I would have saved about a $ 1.50 and 2 weeks or so of my time .
 I bought this cable to replace a cable to a portable hard drive . The hard drive is a flash drive about the size of a pocket calculator . The portable hard drive would not boot up when connected with this cable . The green indicator light would come on but a window to access the files would never appear .
 The photo on the product shows an original Sony Battery . I paid the high price for this item because I did n't want any hassles with 3rd party batteries . Nothing on the order page indicates it is a 3rd party battery . The battery I received is a 3rd party battery and will not charge in the camera . It does work in the camera , so I 'm just going to buy a cheap charger and use that . The product shown here is not the one you will receive . Just buy a cheaper 3rd party battery and you 'll be better off than getting one from this deceptive page .
 I never write reviews , but this one is a stinker worth commenting on . First thing out of the box and out from under the slip of paper that says `` Guaranteeed Region Free '' , it rejected a video as out of region . I called the company and was walked through a process to `` reset '' it . Then the screen went completely blank/dead after about 45 minutes watching the first video . The only good comment I can make is the poor soul who works the phones at Cyberhome is a nice , helpful guy who does n't try to talk you out of getting your money back . I 'm sure he gets lots of practice . Do n't waste your time with shipping and returning . Just do n't buy it .
 The PDVD170 Portable DVD Player CH-LDV 700B All Region Code / Zone Free 110/220 NTSC PAL -LRB- 1 -RRB- -RSB- SUCKS ! I can not get it to play ANY of my DVDs . Okay , I got it to play 1 lousy photo disk . Big WHOOPEE , I did n't purchase this thing so I could only look at a ONE disk of photos.The DVDs I tried to play on it were a wide range that easily play on my Panasonic DVD-LS5 unit , my Toshiba pc , and my Sanyo VHS/DVD players . I load them and they INSTANTLY play.I tried brand new ones -LRB- fresh out of the box -RRB- . I tried older ones , ` homeburned ' , CDs and copies . NONE of them would play on this piece of garbage . They all work fine on my other electronic devices.According to the manual - Page 19 - I quote
 i got this product after 16 days of ordering ... has n't worked right since i bought it ... does n't play majority of my DVD 's and quits half way through the other ones ... i will never buy a cyberhome again ...
 Product name is the same but outlook is totally different from the picture on the web . In addition , no `` all region code '' supportted ! I will return it ASAP .
 - The LCD screen did n't work - The first DVD I played -LRB- hooked up to the TV screen -RRB- stopped reading at track 7 ... - I returned the item to the address writen on the box , it came back because the return address is a different one , so I had to return it a second time -LRB- at my expenses of course -RRB- - Despite having nothing to do with the fact that the item was defective I only got refunded 2 thirds of the purhase price ...
 I do n't see how they can recommend this kit for all DX cameras . The DX7590 would barely fit in that case .
 This kit conveniently contains 20 sheets of photo paper . Unfortunately , Kodak does n't contain an ink cartridge for them.Fine , I thought , I 'll buy a separate cartridge . Guess what ? You ca n't ! Kodak only sells cartridges bundled with paper so you will be forced to use their paper . Why do they sell paper separately but not ink cartridges ? Seems pretty dirty .
 The case does not fit and the battery is incorrect forthe DX7590
 I was pretty excited to get this scope for the kids -LRB- and myself -RRB- for Christmas . 1st problem , Christmas day , it was unwrapped and we were ready to go , until I found out we needed 6 AA batteries . OK , my fault . The next night , got batteries , also researched the setup , read the manual , and watched the supplied DVD . The DVD was well done and very informative . OK , 2nd problem , on this cd , along with the DVD setup , there is a program to install called Astrostar suite . It did n't install . Bad CD as far as I can tell . Missing files it says . OK so we go to set it up . 3rd problem . They sent the wrong screws for the tray . OK , I 'll find some in the garage later . It gets setup the rest of the way . Now to align it . 4th problem , after the first time of it aligning itself , you could hear very loud grinding noises that eventually got quieter but never went away . It did find the planets and stars I asked for quite well after many alignments . And I was satisfied that handheld worked well and impressed at the power of it . This morning I decided to experiment with it at a different location . As I was setting it up , 5th and last problem , the knob for the barlow lens fell off . I 'm thinking no big deal . I figure that all I have to do is put it back on and tighten down the allen set screw . OK , the shaft decides to fall inside the scope and the lens to fall inside also . I had enough and called the dealer , and we agreed to replace it with something else -LRB- Celestron , but have n't made the final decision yet -RRB- . The scope is poorly and cheaply made . Mostly plastic , tin and aluminum . I think it said it was made in Korea . In summery , the Astrostar computer is great . Too bad it 's married with a piece of junk .
 After many hours mounting this heavy and unwieldy unit , I was not impressed with its operation . First , it moves slowly and completely out , before you can simply turn it left/right . Again , it is painfully slow . If you do n't like that it is slow , you 'll hate the sound that it makes . It is not muffled in any way . I would give this robotic arm a single star for performance , slowness and noise .
 I have had nothing but poor printing with cartridges from 4inkjets . I have two printers -LRB- Epson and Canon -RRB- and I must always clean the heads and the printers are almost never reading to print in good color when I call on them . I have used cartridges from 4inkjets on both and attribute the poor performance to poor quality ink cartridges .
 Enough said . Do n't expect much , this is just a basic , cheap 35mm . Point and shoot , hope for the best . Might be good for adventures where you want some pictures without risking your expensive cameras . Looks and feels cheaply made , but I 've seen worse for the price .
 This bag is easy to carry and well padded , but ... . The printer fits in the bag nicely , but leaves precious little room for the camera , power supply , manuals and other accessories without jamming them in.Dave
 THE CASE IS N'T BIG ENOUGH FOR MY DOCKING STATION , YET YOU SAY IT IS . I AM NOT HAPPY WITH THIS .
 This is supposed to be the best Streets & Trips program for the PC out there but all I can say is , if it is , it 's a shame . It ca n't save page margins for printing . Every time you open the program again and want to print 1/4 '' margins , it 's preset to 1/2 '' margins all over again , as the default.As far as I know , it also ca n't be made to save to the default directory of your choice , it always picks the place by default that it wants to save to.Like Google Maps , it 's wrong about 5 % of the time , either not being able to find some addresses here in the Denver area , or sometimes telling you they 're a couple of blocks from where they really are . In fact I wonder if both programs share the same data ? They seem to make the same screw-ups that way.I 'd also like to be able to set default colors for the push pins but it reverts to the same hard-to-see gray every time the program opens.It reminds me of Chessmaster 9000 , which is said to have a world class chess engine , but was written by game programmers -LRB- you know , the kind who write those games that used to require you to devote your entire computer to them , would n't install right and messed up in so many other ways -RRB- so it would n't even save your place in the massive tutorials when you used them ? Well that 's what this program reminds me of . They put some massive data together and did pretty darn good with that -LRB- about 95 % accurate , but we wish it was 100 % ? -RRB- and then programmed the basic shell like a bunch of beginner game programmers , not allowing you to save the most basic defaults that you desire to.Sheesh Microsoft , you should be able to do better .
 This product works well only after you reboot it and everything else befor printing . When trying to print after a few inactive days the first page prints half way and nothing thereafter . Junk in my opinion . Used to like D-Link but I am leaning toward Netgear now .
 D.k. whether it 's antivirus software or what , but getting this print server to print wirelessly just ai n't happening . Have plenty of experience -LRB- read
 Would have been nice if the entire range of printers was noted in a front location at Dlink , but no , you have to go hunting . You think out of 60 some hp printers mine would have made the list , but no , so Im out the money , not allot of cash , but still , it says compatable with hp printers , so take my advice and just buy a printer that has the WIFI or hard wire ready port and save the time and cash . How much is your time worth after spending the hour or two realizing IT DOESNT WORK .
 Have had this item for 1 year , 2 months , used it very little -LRB- it 's a print server for my home network , and we 've printed maybe 20 times during that time frame -RRB- . I 've had it on a UPS the entire time , so it had clean power , and I had it in a large room so the temperatures were never excessive . By rights , this device should have lasted several years at least under those conditions , but it 's just decided to do the `` flashing green power light '' of death , from which not even a hard reset will recover . Now I have a brick and a sour attitude towards D-Link . I 'm not sure why I keep taking chances with hardware from this company - every single item I 've bought from them has been a disappointment .
 This item never worked correctly from the time I obtained it . My job is IT so I have a good understanding of networking . After configuring this Print Server , I could never access it wirelessly . I spent almost 3 hours on the phone with their tech support , got a case number , had it escalated 2 levels . Still no solution . When I called back after the weekend to resume the case , I got a entry level tech support guy who would n't escalate but was unable to solve the problem -LRB- nor communicate effectively in English -RRB- . So I have a `` wireless '' Print Server that wo n't work without an Ethernet cable attached to it -LRB- thus pretty worthless to me -RRB- , and a company that apparently wo n't stand behind it to replace it .
 this item claims to be compatible with mac , but it requires a computer running windows xp or win2k -LRB- READ
 I purchased this product and was having difficulty getting it set up . I politely called support to see what I could be doing wrong and some representative from some 3rd world country told me to bring it back to the store and hung up on me without a word in edgewise . That was after sitting on hold for 45 minutes . Safe to say i 'll never touch another DLink product again .
 Pros : Combination wireless 4 port USB print server , scanner interface , and single port bridge . So far , the bridge 's single ethernet port has worked flawlessly . Printing , once I got past the configuration nightmare , works great using a Kyocera FS-1010 laser printer and a HP-6110 Office Jet MFP from either Win XP or Linux/CUPS . Supports scanning for some HP and Epson products , but not all . Check the D-Link web site and users ' web reviews to see if yours is supported . Ditto for printers.Works with some `` problem '' printers that other USB print servers either ca n't handle at all , or handle poorly . This unit replaced a D-Link DP-311U that had to be reset after every print job on my FS-1010 . A SMC 2621W-U wireless print server would not work at all with that particular printer.Supports WPA and WPA2 encryption . Anything less is really not secure . This has allowed us to retire a separate WEP encrypted wireless system that we used just for printers.Works with most OS 's , including Linux . Once it is set up , it does n't know or care what operating system you are running , at least for printing.Cons : Absolutely the worst setup possible . Out of the box it only works with DHCP . No default fixed IP whatsoever , even after a timeout . Wireless encryption must be off . SSID must be `` D-Link '' This thing 's setup requires that your wireless network conforms to its requirements , instead of the other way around . It is absurd.Scanning is browser based , not HP or Epson native , and it does n't work properly with all browsers . Linux is worse than Windows . IE and Firefox worked OK for me on Windows , Opera did not . Nothing was 100 % on Linux . Scanning resolution was less than the scanner was capable of , even at the highest setting . White tone scans to a light blue color.Completely inadequate documentation . Most of the set up info in this review is either not mentioned , or is buried in useless garbage . Nothing at all on browser javascript requirements for scanning.User interface inadequate . There is no signal level indicator . You ca n't tell how well the unit is receiving , other than the wireless LED id lit . The printer wizard does n't always provide an error message when it is unable to function . It just returns and sits there silently . The pages require a manual refresh to update . It does not work properly with all browsers.No telnet interface . -LSB- If you do n't understand that , you wo n't care ; it 's a command line thing . :--RRB- -RSB- Other Points Typical Of Wireless Print Servers , Neither Pro Nor Con : It ca n't work with so called winprinters , also known as GDI printers , or host based printers . These cheapies lack internal smarts , and rely on Windows for ALL their processing . That 's not D-Link 's fault.Ink level reporting and fax functions of multi function devices are n't supported , as D-Link states.The USB ports are for printers only . They can not handle other USB devices.A printer driver has to be installed on every PC on the network for EACH printer connected to the print server , unless there is no need for a particular PC to print to a particular printer . A printer instance -LRB- print server connected printer -RRB- also has to be created in the Printers and Faxes folder , or its equivalent , on each PC . This can be a lot of work and seems to be frequently misunderstood.The Basics Of How To Set Up A DPR-1260 : This is the stuff that is either missing or not readily apparent in the documentation .1 . Your network MUST have a DHCP server running . If you do n't know what this means , you almost certainly have one running already .2 . Either set your wireless to unencrypted and broadcast an SSID of `` D-Link '' -LRB- caps matter -RRB- OR connect an ethernet cable between your DPR-1260 and your router/hub/switch . I recommend the latter . That way , it 's less likely that you will end up with your print server connected to your neighbor 's unsecure-default-settings D-Link based wireless network , which is entirely possible .3 . If you DID NOT use the cable method , the wireless LED on the unit MUST be on solid to proceed . That indicates that the DPR-1260 has associated with your -LRB- you hope -RRB- wireless network and can get an IP via DHCP . If not , recheck steps 1 and 2.4 . Follow the Install Guide 's procedure for connecting to the print server , which might work , OR log into whatever box has the DHCP server and note which IP was served to the DPR-1260 . Paste the IP into a browser to bring up the print server 's user interface , which will work.If you have the print server cabled to the network , you should be able leave it there for the rest of the setup -LRB- except firmware updates -RRB- if you like . Otherwise , connect a PC to the print server 's ethernet port .5 . I strongly recommend that you assign a fixed IP to the print server , so that you can always find it with a known IP address that can be bookmarked . Naturally , I also recommend you use WPA encryption or better on your network , and change its SSID to something other than D-Link .6 . If the printer wizard does n't work properly , reduce the security settings on IE . Other browsers do n't seem to work here , BTW . The print server will download a windows executable , which will run on your PC and set up a wireless printer instance . It works best if you install a standard driver first , so you may have to temporarily move the printer to the machine first , or vice versa . Linux users use CUPS , instead . It is much , much easier.Final Thoughts : The javascript that drives the user interface shows a lot of errors on browsers that can report that sort of thing . It appears that D-Link has written the scripts for Internet Explorer instead of using standards based code . They need to fix this.They also need to fix the ugly light blue/gray that passes for white in the scans.My unit came with firmware v1 .20 . I updated to v1 .21 . I was pleasantly surprised to find that the update did not reset the unit to the factory defaults . Hopefully , further update releases will improve scanning and the UI . This is badly needed.D-Link should absolutely provide a documented default fixed IP after DHCP timeout in the next software releaseIf you have a D-Link based wireless network running no security and all the original default settings , the DPR-1260 will probably work right out of the box , and you will think it is wonderful and give it a five star rating . ; - -RRB- On the other hand , if the last paragraph does n't describe you , then you have some degree of work ahead of you . How much depends on your networking knowledge , and to some degree , how well we users have written our reviews , which is a good indicator of how poor the documentation is.Two stars for the functionality it does have . Nothing for setup , documentation , or user interface.Our wireless is almost 100 % D-Link . Nevertheless , they have convinced me to look elsewhere for wireless products in the future . No wireless device should require that the network be made insecure in order to install it , even temporarily , and nothing should be so poorly documented .
 At home , I have the most basic windows wireless network possible . Nothing fancy -- I do that all at work . I just want stuff to work so want the easy route . So I got an HP LaserJet 1018 -- a home USB model , similar to some we have at our office , and this wireless print server.It was not terribly bad to set up , assuming you know a lot about networks , wireless , and so on . The `` wizard '' is quite lame , and the diagnostic support is non-existant -LRB- no errors , or logs , or anything to help tell what 's working or not -RRB- . I was able to get it working fine with my wireless network without too much pain , but the last -LRB- presumably simple -RRB- step of plugging in the printer to the USB port and printing resulted in one of two states
 It took about 10 hours of work to make it function with a MacBook running OS X 10.4.6 and an Epson CX 6400 , and I needed a windows XP PC to set it up , but yes it works . For Mac installation , the trick is that -LRB- using the windows xp pc connected with wire - not wirelessly -RRB- you need to change the static IP of the server to a DHCP given by your router and then you have to go trial an error with your browser to find whatever address it was assigned . On the Mac , set it up as an LPD printer . Also , make sure you type the queue name exactly as it is shown on the status screen and God help you if you do n't have one of the printers listed on the packaging .
 This is a complete piece of junk . I got got my third replacement today and yes it too was defective . They still want me to pay for shipping to send them back a broken unit . I have spent almost as much on shipping as the unit cost.I threw it in the trash and now actually feel better that it is gone .
 I was so excited to find this product . I was looking for a print server that would allow me to connect multiple printers and also serve as an access bridge for a wired computer.Setup was easy , I followed the instructions -LRB- not very descriptive -RRB- and was able to set it up , but my router or computer would not recognize the print server . And the print server would not recognize any printers connected to it.It was frustrating that this did not work .
 Stay away from this product . I bought 2 of these just 2 months ago . They both worked great at first , even using wpa2 wireless . Then they started losing connectivity and required frequent reboots so I started using them via the wired ethernet port but they would still lose network connection . Now , I ca n't get network connectivity at all . I reset both of them to factory defaults just to be sure ... no luck . Strange , I can see them obtain a dhcp lease , but they simply will not respond to pings . I tried them with 2 different cbl modem routers and a MS dhcp server . They still will not respond to pings -LRB- therefore printserver and other functions fail as well -RRB- . Terrible quality control !
 There was nothing easy about this install nor was the support very helpful . Long story short I returned the product and purchased an Airlink 101 . The Airlink installed flawlessly .
 I used the Quick Install Guide to set up this printer . The instructions are incomplete -LRB- they fail to mention connecting the printer to the printer server with a USB cable ! -RRB- , but even allowing for the omissions and making sure everything was connected correctly , the print server simply failed to work . I could n't get the drivers to install because the software you download during setup appears not to work at all.So I started again from scratch , following the instructions in the full User Manual -LRB- available only in PDF format on the installation CD -RRB- . Note that these instructions were entirely different from those in the Quick Install Guide . And , they failed to get the Print Server running , too.I messed around with settings for an hour or two , upgraded the firmware to the lastest version , all to no avail . With the new firmware , the Print Server would n't even recognise the existence of my wireless network.I 've had a lot of experience installing home networks , so I figure if I ca n't get this thing to work , many people will have the same experience . Save your money .
 This is the first wireless print server I 've bought , and although it saves me from having to run cords across a room , I find myself avoiding printing anything because the print server times out or somehow loses the connection to my printer , usually within several hours of resetting it , and at least once a day . That means that if I want to print for the first time in a few hours , I usually have to get up , unplug the print server , wait a few seconds , plug it back in , and wait a few more seconds before it realizes there 's still a printer attached to it . It also does n't have a power switch -- no reason it should apart from this problem -- which means I have to unplug the A/C adapter from the back of the print server or unplug it from the receptacle.The technical support folks are friendly but unhelpful , since they really do n't know a thing about this technology and just run through the one-size-fits-all troubleshooting flowchart . After all is said and done , ta-da ! It still does n't work!One other problem I 've had with it is that it does n't recognize my multi-function printer as a scanner . D-Link never promised that it would , since my Brother was n't one of their test printers , but I was hopeful . And despite the set-up screen 's optimistic statement that if my scanner is n't recognized I just need to re-run the installation software that came with the multi-function printer , that extra step changed nothing.My printer is a Brother MFC-8660DN connected to the D-Link print server by about 3 ' of USB cable , and the print server is about 15 ' away from the wireless router . The reason the print server loses the connection is a mystery ; there are no network timeout settings associated with either the print server , the printer itself , or the wireless router that affect it , and there 's no correlation between the print server 's losing the connection and the printer 's going into sleep mode.Perhaps this is n't the best make and model of wireless print server or perhaps this technology just is n't mature yet . Or perhaps I got a defective unit or there 's just strange chemistry , so to speak , between the print server , my printer , and my network . Whatever the case , this is one peripheral that looked promising but has ended up creating as many new hassles and inconveniences as I had hoped it would solve .
 Following instructions found around the web , the first thing I did was to update the firmware . For some reason this fried the device and I had to take it back to the store . The firmware did install correctly on the second device and I could access the device 's set up screen , but when I tried to print to either of my two printers nothing happened . I tried this on my Vista and XP boxes . My brother is a professional IT person and after spending hours trying to get this thing to work we gave up . Actually I kept the device in hopes of getting it to work and experiencing the sheer joy of winning a sibling rivalry but having spent more time trying to get it to work the outcome is n't looking so good . There is a new firmware upgrade on DLink but the download link does n't work . I wrote to tech support to tell them the link was broken and they wrote back that I should contact tech support . Probably best to avoid this product and this company .
 WHEN I WRITE THIS REVIEW I DO N'T WANT AMAZON IN ANY WAY TO TAKE THIS STATEMENT TO REFLECT ON YOU AT ALL . MY WHOLE PROBLEM WITH THIS PRODUCT IS DIRECTED AT THE D-LINK CORPORATION , I RECEIVED THIS ITEM IN JUST A FEW DAYS AFTER I ORDERED IT . I CALLED D-LINK 3 SEPARATE TIMES OVER A 3 WEEK PERIOD AND 3 TIME I HAD TO DEAL WITH A PERSON THAT DID NOT SPEAK HARDLY ANY ENGLISH . IN 3 TRIES I COULD NOT SET THIS DEVICE UP ON MY COMPUTER . THE INSTRUCTION THAT CAME WITH THIS PRODUCT ARE SO VAGUE IT IS RIDICULOUS SO IN 3 TRIES WITH THEIR SO CALLED HELP I WAS NOT ABLE TO SET THIS PRODUCT UP ON MY COMPUTER . SO I SENT IT BACK APRIL 4 2008 . NOT AMAZONS FAULT AND I WOULD NOT CHOOSE ANY D-LINK PRODUCTS . GARRY FUGITT MONROE OHIO .
 I had tried two units , both of which were unsuccessful at even being recognized by my laptop . I never really got to even test my printer compatibilities . My downfall was attempting to configure the print server via D-link 's web browser interface . While connected through a LAN connection I could not for the life of me get the server to be recognized . With my first unit I had contacted D-link regarding my problems . After an hour or so on the phone , D-link support came to the conclusion that I was sold a defective product . So off I went to return for an exchange . Got home and attempted to setup just as D-link support had guided me last time . Still no luck . Overall , its a nice looking product , instructions/manuals seem to be a bit disorganized and incomplete , and phone support seemed to not be too concerned with helping me get my system running . Sorry , but this product is really a no go for me .
 I am a system engineer , and expected this item to be a plug and play solution to my print sharing problem on a mixed network with Apple as well as PC computers , as it says on the box . The fine print indicates that you can download software to accomplish the promises on the box , but alas , the website does n't actually have the software . After 3 hours on the phone with level 1 tech support that knows less than I do , I decided to return the product . I do n't know if my unit was defective new out of the box , or if it 's just poorly supported hardware . I do n't think it was worth any more time to work on it . After all , they are n't paying me to fix this junk .
 Failed to operate as advertised and barely operated at all . Printing was extremely slow and often timed out . D-Link technical support was useless . I returned this and bought the brand new Linksys multifunction prints server which is working fine .
 The box would suggest that this server is Mac compatible . IT IS NOT . There are no instructions available from D-Link , written , oral or on-line , for installing on a Mac.Scanner networking is NOT implemented on many printers , including most of those listed on the box.Finally , it does n't work well even on Windows machines . I spent over three hours trying to install it and make it work on an XP Pro based machine , to no avail . Eventually , both the tech support guy and I both tired and tacitly decided to give up.I am generally familiar with networking , including wireless networking . I pity anyone with less experience trying to use this server .
 When I read it was tested with more than 100 printers , I assumed it would work with my 3 home printers . After all , they are HP , the most common printers outthere . Not so!Turned out , it worked with my HP Photosmart 8450 , but did n't work with my HP Laserjet 1018 nor with HP Laserjet 3330 . Disappointing experience .
 I got this print server because I had read on the Internet it would work with my Samsung printer . I did never find out , because on my two Windows computers -LRB- one XP and the other Vista -RRB- I was unable to complete the very first stage of the installation , namely connecting to the print server 's configuration page . I sent an e-mail to D-Link 's support , but did not get an answer within four days.Thus , the print server was either incompatible with my Windows installations , or the instructions given were so bad that even I , an experienced computer user , could not figure them out -LRB- I tried a number of hours -RRB- . Disappointed , I will have to bring this device back to the store .
 In general the DPR-1260 server worked as stated . I used it w / a Canon MP530 and it only worked for printing , not scanning -LRB- as I expected since it is n't a supported printer -RRB- . It failed a few times and twice I needed tech support to help get it back on track . In about a year it failed completely so I recycled it and wo n't be buying another one .
 It was a painful experience with the Dlink DPR-1260 printer server such that I returned it and then bought the Linksys wPSM54G . Having purchased a MP530 I needed a wireless connection -LRB- the printer proved far superior to other networked printers so I chose to go the separate component path plus I paid less $ $ s then an all in one printer with networking -RRB- . The Dlink could not interpret the MP530 and tech support spent hours with me going thru hoops to make it work . My tech call was escalated twice to the highest level and no luck . Linksys was the right way with its clean install and user friendly interface . Also , I ca n't figure out why Dlink would make a printer server with four ports . Who on earth has four printers in one location ? Maybe two for two printing differences , i.e. general printing plus specialized like brochures etc. , but four in one location , and in a home ? I see most offices with more than one printer but they are spread out to cover more folks across the floor . Sorry Dlink , this product does n't work and/or make sense .
 I have two HP printers both of which were supposed to be supported by this printserver , which is why I bought it . I have never been able to print a single page from my HP 1020 and my Deskjet only prints partial pages . Many inquiries to customer support only results in `` driver problems '' responses . Not acceptable . I have been tweeking this thing for several months and it simply does not work as claimed . The drivers are current , the firmware is updated , the network is stable and this product is basically a piece of junk .
 I bought this product because out of the 4 different printer servers I was looking at , this was the only one that said it supports the X-6170 . I brought it home , got it up and operating but it only printer 1/2 a test page and would never do more . I could n't even cancel the print job . Did not recognize the scanner either.I checked the supported printers via the onboard printer list and the website and neither said the X-6170 was supported . Only the box had it listed.I called customer service and they told me the box was wrong and it did not support my printer .
 Bottom line first
 Do n't buy this product . The first one I got was DOA , plugged it in , nothing happened . I returned that one to Bestbuy , picked up a second one , that one worked for about 5 minutes then became completely unresponsive . D-Link must have had a bad batch of these come off the assembly line . I suggest avoiding it all together , I returned mine and bought a Belkin , works great and with far more printers .
 I have purchased two of these . Unfortunately , I have been unable to find another 4-port USB print server that works like this . . everyone in the house can simultaneously send a print job to any of the four printers . All of the other print servers out there require you to disconnect the computer that is currently connected in order to print from another computer , and also requires you to install software on each computer which is completely unusable to me . The problem with the DPR-1260 is that it will work great for about a year and then suddenly get to where it drops connection to the printers . A power cycle will get everything back up again , but again it will drop after a minute or so . Sometimes it will stay up for a day or longer . But it will eventually lose connection . On my first DPR-1260 that I bought about five years ago , it started doing this and finally quit ever making connection . A hard reset was n't even possible . So , I purchased a second one . It worked fine for about a year . Then , it started dropping connection to the printers . I was able to update the firmware to 1.24 and it worked well for another six months . Now , it is back to not connecting again , and I can not even reset it to try downgrading/upgrading the firmware . It is DOA just like the first one . Although I have always had both 1260 's and the printers connected to surge protectors , they both have failed in the same manner . Unfortunately , I ca n't find any other multi-port , multifunction USB print server that match up to the specs of this one . -LRB- BTW -- my Brother and Canon multi-function printers were not compatible with this and I could never get the scan function to work but printing worked fine on both , but honestly . . I usually scan from my portable scanner directly into my computer anyway -RRB- . The hardware in the DPR-1260 is apparently not robust enough to last more than a year or three . Sometimes , not even 6 months . It 's a shame , because it `` was '' the best USB print server out there . . when it worked . I guess that I will just set up an old computer and use it as a print server , because there is nothing out there that meets my needs like this one .
 This thing is junk . How does a company get away with building something like this ? Do n't they have any pride whatsoever ? The manual is useless . It 's one thing having your junk made in China but why have the manual written by the Chinese ? Is it really that difficult to have someone who understands English proofread it?I spent 4 hours trying to get this stupid thing to work . Probably re-booted the computer 20 times , re-installed the hardware 10 times and then wasted 30 minutes on their help line before I gave up and went out and bought an Apple Airport Express . The Airport Express installed instantly - maybe 10 minutes.Save yourself the aggravation no matter what sale price you find this piece of junk at . It 's not worth it . Actually , do yourself a favor and toss your PC and buy a Mac . You 'll never regret it .
 THIS WAS THE WORST PRODUCT EVER !!!!! IT WAS COMPATIBLE WITH ALMOST NO PRINTERS AND IT TOOK ME FOREVER JUST TO FIND OUT WHICH PRINTERS IT WAS COMPATIBLE WITH !!! THEY SHOULD REALLY HAVE A PLACE WRITTEN WHERE YOU CAN SEE WHICH PRINTERS ARE COMPATIBLE BEFORE I SPEND THAT MUCH MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Dont buy , donst work on windows xp neither mac os
 I bought this since we had both PC and Mac computers . The carton said it worked on both . That is true But it does not easily go unto a Mac . It took me 1 hour with their support who admitted they had no Mac knowledge I than spent another hour with Apple who at least got me familiar enough to know how to add the IP address etc on the Mac . Than I took the PC info and manually put it on the Mac . Yes it works now but 2 hours of customer support ?? Yuck ! The manuel is poorly written and difficult to understand . It is written entirely for installation on a PC . Even for a person knowledgeable in Windows the instructions are cryptic and difficult to follow . It is designed to be installed from the internet but the installation works on a PC . Safari and Firefox can not work with the web page . The CD is once again only for a PC .
 This product worked adequately with my Canon IP1500 printer , but when I replaced it with an Epson NX100 I could not get the printer to stay online . The only way I can get it to print even a small file is to cycle the power on the print server - only then does it print a simple test page.D-link product support basically says they do not support any printer not on their list - but their list is SO OLD . I took their list and searched here on amazon.com for any multifunction printer that I could buy `` new '' from amazon . Here are the only such multifunction printers that d-link supports : HP Officejet 5610 All-in-One Printer/Fax/Scanner / Copier $ 299HP Officejet Pro L7780 Color All-in-One Printer/Fax/Scanner / Copier $ 392HP Photosmart 3210 All-in-One Printer , Copier , and Scanner $ 429HP PhotoSmart 2575 All-in-One Printer / Copier / Scanner $ 329HP PSC 1410 All-in-One Printer -LRB- Q7290A #ABA -RRB- $ 289Perhaps the d-link people ought to look at supporting a few more modern printers ... The Espon NX100 is not exactly state of the art - but at least I can still buy it `` new '' from amazon compared to most of the other relics that d-link claims this device supports !
 To be honest with everyone , the first part of my review is a more about AMAZON than the product . I purchased this as New from Amazon . It was pretty clear when I opened the box that it had been handled and used by someone else - lots of grimy fingerprints on top , removeable antenna thrown in loose , plastic bags looked dirty . Since many people return electronics items that have complex setups but are n't actually defective , I figured it may just be that . It was clear during setup that someone had tried to install it , and set a password that I had to delete with an equipment re-boot . After spending way too many hours trying to get it working and following the instructions meticulously , I called D-Link tech support . They were very helpful , even identifying a firmware upgrade and helping me install it , but eventually came to the conclusion that the unit was defective , please return to seller ! THANKS AMAZON ! At least Amazon 's return process is easy and relatively painless.The Product
 After asking D-link via e-mail if this server would work with Apple/Mac and getting a `` yes '' response , I made the purchase . Most all reviews warn against this server not working in most applications but I was willing to take a chance . After not being able to make the server work , I contacted D-link via telephone and found out that they could not make it work on a Mac and no advise as to what to do next . I had to send the D-link server back and was out the shipping . I am sorry I wasted my time and money on the D-link print server . HP 's print server is rated very high and is cheaper -LRB- on HP site -RRB- than D-link . I am waiting on the HP print server delivery as of this writing . The HP server appears to support only their printers listed , however both of my printers are listed and the server works with both PCs and Macs .
 Does n't even recognize my Lexmark X83 , does n't like the HP PSC 2100 , ca n't find the access point even though my laptop gives five bars signal strength at the same location .
 Very poor development of the product . They are not cheap for the lack of quality instructions and product support . I 've had to call them twice in a row as the tech support people could n't figure it out either.Over priced item and lousy performance .
 I 've been building computers and setting up networks for more than 15 years - but I could never get the DPR-1260 to work as advertised . It took 9 hours of calls to D-Link 's `` all assistance other than actual help '' line just to get the unit to connect to my home wireless network , and another 3 hours of calling before they finally said that my printer was not supported and that I should give up , and oh by the way no refunds , no credit and no exchange is D-Link company policy . I never received a response - not even a form letter - to my email to their customer service department.Worst product and worst company I 've dealt with in the computer/networking business in a long , long time .
 I have an hp LaserJet 1012 which is a supported printer model . I was able to print if I connected directly to the print server via Ethernet . Using the wireless connection , on the other hand , is hit or miss . Sometimes the print server would connect to my wireless router , sometimes not . I have a Netgear wireless router model MR814v2 which is about 3 years old .
 I bought this product to use with a Dell color laser printer . After over two full days of effort , researching trouble reports and speaking to tech support , with one final hour and 45 minutes on the phone working with tech support , I was told it was probably defective . This occurred on a Sunday . I was told that the people I needed to speak to were not open . I called Monday morning and asked , as directed by tech support , for a return authorization . I was told to return it to the store I bought it from . I bought it from Amazon , and they were very good about taking it back , but I was annoyed that D-link after many calls to their techs and direction from their techs , they would n't exchange it.Bottom Line
 With so many other reviews about the issues with this product I wo n't go in too many details . Basically I 've been looking for a wireless print server that would handle multi-function devices . I ca n't really say too much about the long term use of product since after an hour with level 2 tech support it seemed the only way to get this thing connected to my network was to go either with WEP or no security at all - neither of which was acceptable to me . I decided to look around and see if I could find some solutions online but during the 24 hours I did so the device disconnected 5 times even on WEP . Back it goes.btw , I love that in the individual ratings for this product there is a choice for `` Clarity of manuel '' . Was he the guy helping me on tech support ?
 I bought this print server about 5 years ago , and it 's been an endless source of frustration for me . I should 've returned it right away because it was misrepresented as `` the only print server to work with multi-function printers '' . I knew no print server could work with a scanner -LRB- just does n't go both ways -RRB- when I was researching it , but D-Link claimed that it specifically allowed the scanner to work wirelessly . Never did , and never got a direct answer from them about it . From having to unplug the USB cable umpteen times to losing access to it 's webpage after a factory restore , it 's time for it to GO ! Getting a Linksys . D-Link , BTW ... horrible , horrible support . Worst I 've ever seen , as a matter of fact . Good riddance , DP-1260 !
 I have two printers , neither is wireless and I figured this would be the perfect solution to make my printing wireless . Now I am a IT network professional and actually run a windows server 2008 enterprise edition in my home so I know how to set up and manage networks , especially wireless ones . This print server , which is more of a wireless USB router continually falls off the network for no apparent reason or pattern requiring me to reinstall it on all clients . Looking to replace this ASAP .
 D-Link DPR-1260 RangeBooster G Multifunction Print ServerThis was ordered for a Christmas gift for my son . When installed , it worked only partially . He contacted Technical Support , which first insisted that there was a secret list of printers on which it would work , and his printers were not on the list . Then , they guided him through the re-install process repeatedly until the brief warranty period expired . Then , they informed him that the product was out of warranty . Worst of all , after their help , it does not work at all . Some Christmas gift !
 I bought this thing for 2 reasons
 The printing is OK but you need to install a drive in every computer that will access its printers . The scanner feature is awful , it is a very simple scanner . You loose any feature your multifunctional printer has . I do n't recommend this product .
 I have to concur with the negative reviews below . Before you buy this product , CHECK THE D-LINK PAGE TO SEE IF YOUR PRINTER IS COMPATIBLE ! If it 's not one of the 20 or so printers that have been designated as `` compatible , '' and you 're not a certified network technician , you probably will not be able to get your printer to work with it.There are hundreds of different printers on the market ; what 's the use of a print server that will only work with a few dozen ? From what I have read , only certain HP and Epson printers will work with this device -- no other printers , no other brands . My Canon printer was completely incompatible with the print server . I tried connecting using the D-Link setup wizard -- nothing . I tried manually connecting via IP address -- nothing . Maybe a networking expert could get this piece of junk to recognize my printer ; I 'm not a computer novice by any means , and I certainly could n't . I 'm returning it and continuing my search for a better product .
 I returned it . It did not work with my old printer that I wanted to network . The interfaces only work with Windows . I could not print from my mac on the network.I went and spent the money on an apple Airport for $ 100 - better product -LRB- after some twiddling -RRB- , better interfaces , more useful . I have two of those and now I have multiple SIDs with printers , broadcast music , and network printers - all seemless using multiple Windows , Mac , Chumby , OLPC , and Fedora box .
 I had trouble getting the print server to talk to the router when ethernet was pulled.The USB ports are not fully functional and only support a limited number of printers.The solution is not to buy this print server !
 Its bad enough when you ger a defective device but it makes it so much worse when you have to spend over 10 hours on the phone over several days just to find out that the thing wont ever work . Then it takes another hour just to arrange a return . Definately not worth it .
 I am a computer science grad , tech for years , ccna ... I want to bang my head on the wall and threw the print server out the window . I updated the firmware , static , everything and could not get it to work . If you want to waste half a day and not get it to work , go for it .
 If you are a small business owner or spend much time in your home office , multiple page scanning is a vital record keeping chore . If multiple scanning is important to you , then please read on ... I have the Epson CX9400 AIO . Printing works flawlessly , albeit it took 4 calls over 3 days to the dlink tech support -LRB- level 3 -RRB- to finally get it working . Problem is that you have to manually enter your router 's `` static '' IP and default gateway address.In the case of wireless scanning , you can only scan `` one-page '' at a time using dlink dpr-1260 software/driver/firmware . Multiple pages with the use of the ADF -LRB- automatic feed -RRB- will `` NOT '' work ! Moreover , this print-server will `` NOT '' work on the Epson software.I 've also asked both the Epson -LRB- level 2 -RRB- and Dlink -LRB- level 3 -RRB- tech support about any planned update for the print server 's firmware/driver to allow multiple page scanning ... they told me that plans for new drivers/firmware relating to multiple page scanning are `` indeterminate '' ... that I should purchase the $ 185 Epson CX9475 -LRB- exactly the same as the CX9400Fax with the dedicated Epson print server -RRB- . To all prospective AIO and print server purchasers , I recommend that you should save yourselves the headache -LRB- after 3 wasteful days of tinkering -RRB- , and purchase any HP AIO with a `` built-in '' wireless ... and `` FORGET '' about the dlink dpr-1260 -LRB- unless your 3 days of your life is worth less than the $ 80 print server -RRB- ! For small business and home office users , I would rate this product one -LRB- 1 -RRB- star . For the home personal user , I would rate it two -LRB- 2 -RRB- stars.Epson Stylus CX9400Fax Color All-in-One PrinterStylus CX9475FAX All In One Adf 32PPM 2.5 IN LCD Pc Free
 Before I purchased this product I looked on the D-Link website to see if it was compatible with my Canon Pixma MX 310 all in one printer ; my printer was not on the compatible list . Next I e-mailed D-Link tech support who said it may work even if not on the list . I hooked it all up and followed directions ; computer saw the printer but it would not print . E-mail tech support said call telephone tech support . Telephone tech support is American , not outsourced -- hurray . Telephone tech support then said `` If your printer is not on the supported printer list I ca n't assist you , you 're on your own '' . Canon claims to have a Silex print server that supports all Canon PIXMA printers -- we 'll see . Follow up
 This experience with this product was very frustrating . Support from the manufacturer was with someone who had weak language skills and provided little information . I bought a new printer because the support informed me that my printer was not compatible with the firmware . AFter i bought & set up a new printer , i learned that i could download a new firmware that would make my printer compatible . Thanks for nothing !
 I have owned this print server for about three years now . Each time I change my router I dread having to touch this print server . It is finicky with all the required steps that have been written here before . I work in IT and each time I touch this thing , it 's a multiple day adventure and will then just start working one day for no apparent reason - FUN !! When you do get it working , it will just stop working for no reason and require a reset . Do yourself a real favor and just buy a printer with a wireless adapter ... or if you really enjoy pain , just hit your head with a hammer - it 's cheaper .
 I was able to attach the server to my network and ping it , but I never could get it to print . It recognized my printer , allowed me to install it , but I was never able to print.Apparently this is an older print server . I `` upgraded '' the firmware from the D-Link website from 1.21 to 1.24 and the 1.24 firmware was from 2008 . Why I even needed to do this was beyond me as I just purchased it yesterday . So buyer beware , the device is quite outdated and the compatibility list provided by D-Link is very limited .
 # 1 it does not always work its limited or no connectivity 99 % of the time # 2 i live in a high crime neighborhood so people always try to steal the signal and they succeed ! # 3 it you can speak Spanish call support because they can not understand English !!!!! # 4 bad signal # 5 DO NOT BUY THIS ROUTER
 Beware of this statement
 Received item . Power on the item does n't light up . Call DLink tech support found out that the item was defective . Returning item to Amazon . Looking for another one .
 Simply put : If your exact printer is not on the list of compatible printers , you 'll be better off using Kinko 's . Do n't buy this .
 I bought the first one at Circuit City , did n't work out of the box . The unit kept freezing and becoming unresponsive when interacting with it through the web interface . It seems as if DLINK had a HUGE batch of defective units because of the other comments on here and also because when I called tech support they decided I needed an RMA in about 5 seconds . They basically just took the serial number and said that the unit needed to be replaced . So I shipped it back on my dime and they sent me a refurbished replacement . The setup manual of the replacement contained the desperate notes of another poor sap trying unsuccessfully to get his defective product to work over what must have been hours of telephone support sessions . Of course , it was also DOA . I called tech support and got disconnecting several times . I threw the unit in the garbage .
 I purchased this d-link DPR-1260 to connect to a Belkin F5D7230-4 router on a HP Windows XP PC to connect a HP Laserjet P2015d . Followed instructions on set up sheet . Once completed and removed ethernet - it would not work wirelessly . After long hold times -LRB- greater than 30 minutes -RRB- and numerous phone calls to both d-link and Belkin and a bad case of you need to call the other manufacturer for set-up info - it never would work wirelessly.I returned this item , purchased a Linksuys WPSM 54G and had it up and running wirelessly in 15 minutes.I will never buy d-link agin and usggest you reconsider.I can handle install/operating issues - but poor , ineffective tech service is not acceptable .
 After three conversations lasting over five hours with hard to understand customer service reps they told me it was broken . Then they told me this unit is known to be defective . It did work for a few months before it broke but that 's a lot of money to spend on garbage .
 I did n't buy from Amazon.com , which would n't be better , because the D-Link customer department is a Joke.The DPR-1260 did n't work properly for months , I tried to reach the technical support , but they were unable to solve the problem , and return or change the item.I will never buy anything from D-Link . DO N'T BUY IT !
 I attempted to install this product twice . Once after I requested a replacement from Amazon . After one hour each time with D-Link technical support , I could not get it to work.I would not recommend a purchase . Look elsewhere .
 I run a small office with five networked computers ; I am also a devoted D-Link user , with a major investment in D-Link equipment.I decided to purchase the DRP-1260 so I could network Brother Laser printers , reading reviews both in Amazon and elsewhere the best of a poor bunch seemed to be the D-Link DPR 1260 . Set up was easy providing one follows the instructions , however after a month one of our computers which sometimes uses an external VPN network , cloned the DPR 1260 as an exchange server , to correct this I changed the prime i/p address in the router . However could not remove the exchange server info within the print server , not a big problem as all was still working.Two months later the DPR 1260 started to drop out for no reason , the only way to correct this was by rebooting the system.Six months after purchasing the DPR 1260 the rebooting had become a daily exercise , then my DIR 635 router died , so replaced the router with a DIR 655 , however could no longer `` see '' the DPR 1260 . So replaced the DPR 1260 with a new one , again installation was easy.Three days after the DPR 1260 was installed it dropped out , no matter what I did it would not hold for more than a few minutes , so two options , open the window and Frisbee the DPR 1260 or get a refund , the $ prevailed and I chose the refund route.Conclusion
 I got this last December and it worked for only a few months . Then it would randomly stop connecting to my wireless network and recognizing my printer . I would have to unplug both , plug it back in and it would work again . Then early in the summer , it just stopped connecting all together . No matter what I did , I could n't get this PS to connect to my network , even when connected through Ethernet to the router . When I would log into my router and look at attached devices , the PS would not show but the PS showed all the correct status lights . I called customer service and RMA 'd my unit . That 's when the fun started , the next unit they sent me , DID NOT WORK right out of the box . So I went to the DLink forums and did some more research and found out this is common . There is something wrong with the design of this unit and a huge number of people are having this connectivity issue . Just save yourself the hassle and buy something else .
 The product did not work out of the box . Spent 2-3 hours on phone with tech support before they decided that it was defective . Not as easy to set up as they say . Amazon was great in that they sent out a new one without hasseling me about any thing.Dlink wanted me to pay shipping for defective product to return it to them : < -LRB- . Havent tried the new one yet .
 The whole point in having a wireless print server -LRB- at least for me -RRB- was to be able to print effortlessly from my laptop , so I am very disappointed by this product . Installing it was a nightmare , but since this was due to relatively unusual circumstances , I 'll mention the other problems first . The product is very unreliable . Often I send something to print and get a message that the device is not working . Usually , if I then try to log in to the print server through its web interface it does n't respond , but after 5-10 seconds it suddenly wakes up , logs me in and starts printing . But sometimes even this does n't help and I need to restart it -LRB- turn it off and back on -RRB- . I 'd say that I have a problem printing in about half of my attempts . Here 's why installing this print server was a nightmare
 -LRB- i work as a tech consultant , so i am very familiar with these products -RRB- the d-link dpr-1260 would be difficult to setup for a novice user . getting your computer to ` see ' the printer connected to the router is very unreliable
 these seller SUCKS !!!! toke my money and NEVER send me the product , i wrotte to amazon and to seller too , and NOTHING happened ... wait yeah something really happened , i spend my money in NOTHING !!!!!!!
 I purchased this picture card mainly to have more minutesin the movie mode on my Olympus 5.1 digital camera . Inthe movie mode , the play back is not smooth but in 1 secondintervals . I do not know why this card is giving me thistype of play back.I am not very happy.Don Heber
 I got a dud with this chip . Track 0 error and it wo n't format . Sending it back .
 For the most part the picture card does its job when using it in my camera ; however , I repeatedly have issues with it when I attempt insert the card to view pictures on my laptop . I receive error messages stating that there is a problem with the card . Since I use mutiple types of cards in the same drive , I am confident that it is the memory card and not my computer . I also have issues with the card when reviewing photos in my camera . Not sure if these are refurbished cards or what because none of my other older cards give me trouble like this one
 After my dog chewed through the power cord for my Toshiba laptop , I tried a cheap out in buying this product -LRB- $ 25 v. $ 140 -RRB- . The lack of the Underwriters Laboratories seal should have been a warning sign . After only a month of no extraordinary use , the wiring has been exposed due to peeling of brittle plastic on both ends of the adapter and near the plug head . I can tell you that the internal wires are blue , pink , and a yellow/green ground . However , the cord does work ; mine is now being shielded in about five yards of electrical tape .
 Beware of KINGSTON rebates!Of course , I hope your experience would differ , if you were to buy Kingston product -LRB- s -RRB- , but mine was terrible.I bought a Kingston CompactFlash card that offered a $ 50 mail-in rebate . I promptly -LRB- as in , the day AFTER I received the item delivery -RRB- went to photocopy my rebate certificate and UPC code and sales receipt ; then sent it all on its merry way . Yes , I was well within the rebate period , both for the purchase AND for the postmark date . My purchase was a valid retailer -LRB- think HUGE online e-tailer -RRB- . The rebate REQUIRED sending THE ENTIRE ORIGINAL UPC label , which was like the entire outside package for my CF card , about the size of 1 business cards when flattened . No problem.About TWO MONTHS later , I get a letter saying `` your rebate request was denied because you failed to furnish the appropriate ORIGINAL UPC code as required by the rebate offer . `` Well , now WHAT ? I ca n't RE-SEND the original -LRB- it was already in their possession -RRB- . I called , and they insisted on repeating what the letter said . I re-sent my PHOTOCOPIES and they said a photocopy is invalid proof of purchase.After another 6 weeks of pursuing this , I figured this is their scam . They simply would n't honor the rebate . And without the ORIGINAL UPC in my possession , I could n't really submit to their requirements.If you 're looking for a RAM upgrade , I 'd suggest you look at a quality company like OCZ -LRB- the BEST ! -RRB- , or Patriot , Geil , or Corsair . If you 're looking for a value Flash Memory Card , I might suggest SanDisk.For one , Kingston does NOT make the best products , they are VALUE-driven products.Two , there are competitors to Kingston with just as good or better value-to-performance ratios at the same prices.Three , Kingston will not stand behind their customer as I have experienced.I urge you to , please , be cautious of Kingston and their rebate scams .
 I purchased the 1.8 '' and 2.5 '' screen protectors for my EOS Rebel XT and 5D digital cameras based on Giottos ' marketing spiel
 The only reason these cables are foil shielded what ever the length is because they dont want you to see the telephone wire they used inside . I got these and used 3 sets one for sub and two for four channel amp and had to replace because of speakers fading in and out . Yes they were cheap and I have Polk MM speakers and R-type sub with Tsunami wiring kit , but I replaced them with Pyle link cables that cost $ 2 more and solved my issues . I also noticed that the bass reponse is alot better and my componets are smooth as silk !! Rapter does make good speaker wire cause I have 50 ft of it and its great . DO NOT BUY THESE THOUGH !
 this says that it is supposed to be 15 feet long . we got it and it is only a few inches . i wouldnt purchase this item !
 The screen cover is not self adhesive , the directions are not easily understood - not even in English - and the directions that DO exist were glued to the screen protector , that we ended up throwing it away .
 Bought two -LRB- 2 -RRB- Lenmar NP-FC11 3.6 volt batteries for my 5 megapixel Sony Cybershot DSC-V1 digital camera . Neither battery charged in my camera as they should have . So I bought this Lenmar Omnisource BCLC1X2 battery charger but it also DID NOT WORK . The first red light lit up when I plugged it in -LRB- as it should -RRB- which indicates that it was receiving power . The second red light lit up -LRB- as it should -RRB- when I put the Lenmar battery onto it to charge it . The charger takes 1.5 hours to charge the battery to 90 % . Unfortunately , after a mere five minutes , the third light came on in green indicating that the battery was 90 % charged . When I tried the battery in my camera , it barely powered the camera on . The camera 's battery indicator light was very low and registerd only 35 minutes of charge left , but the camera would n't even take one picture and died . So , DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME IN BUYING THIS CHARGER or even its batteries -LRB- later bought two -LRB- 2 -RRB- more Lenmar batteries which did the same thing - they pretended to take a charge from the charger and did n't -RRB- .
 I bought this to replace a lost charger . The description was misleading as to what plates it came with and it did not come with the plate I needed . I went on the company 's website to attempt to order the plate I needed and was unsuccessful . I found the plate but everytime I attempted to order it , the website errored and could n't complete my order . After 3 failed attempts I gave up . If it comes with the plate you need it may work for you but if not , GOOD LUCK .
 I bought 5 of these from amazon and 3 from Fry 's . Every single one was defective . Do not buy this product .
 The computer is marking this a two-star item when all I indicated is one star . If no stars were possible I 'd mark that.The first day I received this radio I tried a pre-recorded cassette tape . It played all right - so after a couple of minutes I shut it off , put in a fresh tape , and tried to record a radio program.The radio played all right , but it failed to record . The tape did not advance . And it was also the last time I could produce even a hint of sound out of an old tape.Perhaps the radio thought I should be honored at sitting in on its last gasp . I was not.Yes , it 's a cheap item but I feel it should have given me at least a solid week 's performance before it lay over on its back.To return it for repairs or replacement would make the loss even greater because the shipping expenses are so high.I have ordered a new Sony from another source at considerably more expense . The new one is supposed to play CD 's as well as tapes , which is not really what I wanted - but I simply could not find another simple radio/cassette recorder.A most unpleasant experience was had by all .
 For some reason , instead of listing the songs in order of the track number -LRB- as I have mine set up -RRB- it goes by by the alphabetical order of the actual name of the song , very annoying . It ` s one of those players that relies way too much on ID3 tags instead of letting me organize the music based on how I setup the folders in Explorer -LRB- meaning any song file that doesnt have an ID3 tag gets shuffled into a generic `` unknown category '' -RRB- This thing also does photos but ... WHY WOULD THEY WASTE TIME WITH THIS FEATURE !!?? THE SCREEN IS FAR TOO SMALL FOR ANY TYPE OF MEANINGFUL PHOTO BROWSING ! This player could ` ve worked just as well with a plain old monochrome backlit display , and it probably would ` ve been even cheaper , too!As of this review , there is NO FIRMWARE update , and I ` m not about to wait around for it . I ` m going back to their Sandisk 1Gb player since it was so reliable to begin with.But the sound IS good , although there is no bass boost function , but dont play around with the equalizer too much , the low-end sound will get all distorted .
 This works and is a good product . The biggest problem for me is that it does not have a bookmarking feature , which is essential for books on tape . FOr that reason , I 'd go with a `` Zen '' type , or a more expensive Sansa model .
 Very cheaply constructed , terrible customer service and it broke within a week and SanDisk would n't take it back . Tiger Direct however was awesome and completely stood behind the sale . I would n't buy another SanDisk product .
 i had to return this thing to the seller . it stopped working withing the first week , , the screen did not show any proper fonts ... no letters at alll then after that it stopped playing music ... . it ate batteries fast and looked and felt cheap . . i had to wait more than a month to get my money back , . . because i bought from amazom seller . but it was shipped froom buy , com and they said they never received it back so it took foreve . . !!! tjis mp3 is not worth a penny !!!!
 I really expected this to be the last mp3 player I would ever need . What a letdown ! 1st of all , to use this while engaging in activities like running or cycling where you must have it attached via an armband , you 'll need to shell out even more dough for that , as no band is included , a lanyard is included , which I consider a hazard more than help . Secondly , the maximum volume is limited due to all the hysteria surrounding hearing loss and it needs to be kept near its maximum just to be reasonably loud . If you play a file that is softer or has a wide dyn . range , you 'll likely have to turn it up all the way to maximum . If Spinal Tap 's amps go to 11 , Sandisk 's c series only goes to about 7 . The usb cable is proprietary , so if you have a spare cable floating around and want to keep one at work and at home , well this just ca n't take advantage of that . Send more dough to get a spare cable.After 5 days , it stopped working . Tried replacing battery , would n't power back up . It may have gotten wet while working out -LRB- did I mention it does not come with an armband ??? -RRB- Brought it back and got the sandisk m230 that is being phased out to be replaced by the c series . Comes with an armband , a little protective case that mates to the armband , a standard usb cable , and it 's louder -LRB- must have been introduced before the political correctness police decided we ca n't turn our music up anymore -RRB- . I 'm 41 years old , my father 's going deaf , his mother was deaf as a post by the time she passed away , sometimes hearing loss has nothing to do with earbuds . Actually my hearing issues are not ear related , whole different story.The good news , nice display , great fm tuner , it take AAA 's instead of some ridiculously expensive rechargeable battery , battery life was about what I expected but replacement batteries are very cheap and easily found , large capacity for the money.It 's too bad , I really wanted this player to work out .
 their customer service was horrible , bad connection from india ? The first one only lasted 5 months and the second one only lasted 6 months , drive on both of them just went haywire , then nothing . I used it about 10 hours a week when I am excercising . always had issues when I was trying to load songs on it , sometimes i would have to clear the player and reload all the playlists just to add five or six new songs , so it was a hassle then it broke then customer service blew me off , so much for the warranty when it keeps breaking every few months . at least they put their name on their products so I know not to buy them .
 I purschased this item and it seemed to work well , after a month it refuses to start up , just shows the SanDisk screen and does not move further . I tried replacing the AAA battery , but still did not work . Also the Sandisk site does not have any firmware upgrade for C150 model . Anyways before we can upgrade the firmware we have to set the player in the USB - > MSC mode or something like that . When I can not start the player how can I put it any of the modes via the Menu ? I will try for a refund / exchange
 I bought one of these from OfficeDepot -LRB- Sorry Amazon , but wanted it today -RRB- . Price was way better here at Amazon , btw . Anyway , I have MP3 players from iRiver -LRB- the 5 gig hard drive model -RRB- , Samsung -LRB- the venerable YP-MT6 they are no longer making but was fabulous -RRB- , and my wife has Ipod mini.This device from SanDisk easily sounds the worst of any of these , and has the lowest quality build -LRB- at least by feeling of flimseyness . I only got it because it would work with Audible , but the device itself is so inferior to any or all of these other devices in sound quality , it 's really rather striking . Otherwise , it does seem to do what it 's supposed to do -- just does not sound well with music doing it . Really , iRivers sound SO much better , it 's not funny .
 Overall it does what it is supposed to do
 `` Sleek and ultra-thin '' in the description here is a huge stretch . This mp3 player is anything but ultra-thin . Yes , it 's compact , but it is far from thin . They also advertise that it will show album art while songs are playing - what they do n't tell you is that this feature only works with the pre-loaded songs that come already on the player , and that sandisk gives you absolutely no instructions in the included literature , or in the user 's manual -LRB- which is not included - you have to go to their website to download it -RRB- on how to use album art . I tried for a couple of hours , on my own , and following the instructions of sandisk 's tech support people , and the feature simply does not work .
 My SanDisk MP3 player worked great -- for about three days . Then , after the original battery ran out , it was never the same again . When a brand new battery of the correct type was placed in the device , it was rarely able to detect the new battery . Even when it did , it still did not play a single MP3 file . It also ca n't be detected by my computer anymore . If only I could go back in time and prevent myself from purchasing this dreadful product .
 I bought this mp3 player because it was on sale for a great price . Now I know why it was so cheap . The sound quality was horrible . In order to hear with the headphones , I had to turn the volume to the max . What 's worse was when the player was hooked to my car stereo
 I have had this MP3 player for about 4 months . I need to replace the USB transfer cable . I can not find a source for this cable ... The MP3 player is useless without the cable.How could SanDisk sell this item with replacement parts ?
 I would have liked to review this item , but , unfortunately , it got stolen before I could even see it . It was stolen out of the box , from my front porch .
 I bought 2 of this for Christmas one worked for 33days the other one never did . Got refund on one , the other ca n't because warranty expires in 30 day , and player got dead on the 33rd day.Bottom lines , crappy player , do n't buy it !!
 I like the styling and the sound of this device , but the implementation is seriously flawed . Battery life is abysmal - I took it on a flight to Seoul -LRB- 12 hours -RRB- and chewed through 3 Duracells . One problem may be that the backlight turns on -LRB- seemingly at random -RRB- at the beginning of some songs , and there does n't appear to be a way to turn this off . I 'm on my second unit and it appears to be no better.Audible functionality is also limited . It has no bookmark function -LRB- although it does remember your last place in a file -RRB- . And the FF/Rew functionality is terrible - the file moves ~ 1 second per second of button press for the first 10 seconds , than advances at ~ 1 minute per second of button press . There 's no way to easily back up 10 or so seconds in the event e.g. you miss a word.And even though this device has been out for a while , Sundisk has no FW updates on their web site , making me wonder whether these problems will be fixed . My advice
 I ordered this player and it was great for about a week and then it froze when I turned it on . The company that sells it , TIGERDIRECT , has not responded to my emails so I went directly to SanDisk . SanDisk gave me a promt response and sent me a label to return the product with free shiping . Another bad thing about this player is that it organizes your music in it 's own way and has trouble figuring out artists even if you have the artists name on the song .
 San Disk C150 . Stopped working in about 10 days -LRB- locks up after boot up screen -RRB- , returned and received new one . Replacement stopped working in about 5 days . I am now going to replace it.And yes , I went through the SAn Disk support first , but they told me to return it . On a good note I was pretty impressed with the promptness of the phone surport .
 I wish someone had told me about this player before I bought not one , but 3 of them . The controls are awkward , the screen is just terrible - even indoors it 's hard to see . Selected menu items look identical to all the others - there is no contrast or color difference at all -LRB- well , there is , the background color changes from very light blue to very very light blue -RRB- . Worst of all , the one I kept for myself only works out of one channel , and it 's not even 4 months old . I put on Simon and Garfunkel , and get only Garfunkel . They 're better together .
 I primarily purchased the product for recording lectures and it did not work well . The Mp3 recorder records the lecture , afterwards , recording is really bad . Sometimes it does n't record at all or it erases the file or there is an error . In addition , the volume/sound quality is bad . Not loud enough . In the end , you need the software to transfer files , takes forever to figure out what to do . My brothers bought Mp3 player called Matchspeed -LRB- red color -RRB- , good price and it worked great . Best player we ever had , 3 times louder then scan disk and the best thing , no software needed to transfer files . Just drag he items into the folder , thats all to it . And it records great . I hope this advice will help saving everybody 's time .
 This product was great until my power/menu button broke . I have to plug it in to the computer to get it on and take the battery out to get it off . I contacted sandisk and they said that it is a problem but my 1 yr warrenty is up . Totally not worth spending what we did on this .
 Beware !! I purchased this camera in 6/09 , for a gift for my nephew 's July birthday . He opened the camera on his birthday and it did not work at all !! I contacted the seller and they stated that their return policy was for a max of 30 days -- not listed on their site ! I then contacted the manufacturer and found out they went out of business in Jan 2008 -- over a year prior to the purchase of the camera . The seller has still not honored the return or reimbursement , so I am stuck with a non-working piece of junk . Order at your own risk !
 These speakers are so bad ! We have had them for about 2 months now and they always have that grating interference/popping sound whenever we have a cell phone in the room . We have a 2nd computer with speakers nearby that never makes so much as a peep when cell phones are near it . Do not buy these ! Invest a little bit more for ones with better shielding !!
 ... but that 's about all I can say in favor of these speakers . I bought them because the internals on my laptop died a few years ago , and my old externals recently started working only on the left side . I 'm getting a new laptop soon , and did n't want to spend a lot of money on speakers I would only be using for a few months , so I just grabbed the cheapest pair I could find . This is the only reason I can see anyone buying these speakers , because for long-term use they are terrible . Some albums in my music library sound okay but a little echoey on these speakers , but others have so much distortion that they are nearly unrecognizable . -LRB- Maybe this has to do with the levels on the original recording ? -RRB- And forget trying to listen to something that was n't mixed professionally , like a YouTube video -- you 'll be lucky if you can hear anything clearly.One bright spot
 It 's very simple
 I have a headache because of the high pitched sound coming from those speakers . I threw them away after using 5-6 mins . If you wan na trash your money , this is exactly the product you should purchase .
 Do not buy this item . There is too high noise in the background . I do not recommend it to any one .
 I should have known , I guess if you just had to here the peeps and notifications of the computer it would be fine . This is not great for music or movies .
 I have had two of these remotes and after about a month or so of use , it just quits working all together ... AVOID THIS PURCHASE
 Apparently this is only for PC users b/c it is doing nothing for my Mac & its 2.16 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor . My computer can not recognize the Micro Innovations keyboard I attached to it . Granted , the keyboard is old , but that 's what I bought this adapter for ! I like the clickety-clack of old keyboards , makes me feel productive .
 It works . -LRB- Will not work for any mice I 've tried , just in case anyone was wondering if it swings both ways -RRB- The reason this lost 3 stars is that this is a very fat adapter ; both width and height . There 's no reason it should be this fat as it is entirely unusable on either of my desktop machines due to how close USB ports are grouped together . On both machines it covers 4 , yes 4 , USB ports no matter which position they are plugged in . It 's so wide and tall that the only thing I 've managed to plug in in a port diagonal from it was a wired USB plug for a mouse , but then actually still bends the PS2 adapter.This works on my laptop but in that case if I want to use it I ca n't plug in headphones since it covers the headphone jack . = /
 Had a left over PS2 mouse and being cheap I did n't want to throw it out . I purchased the PS2 to USB adaptor for $ 5 to save couple of bucks . Must be something in the circuitry as the mouse would not configure -LRB- manual or PnP -RRB- . Gave it to my brother to play with and I 'm out $ 10
 I got this item about 5-6 months ago to replace a ZIOtek adapter I was using . Over time I started noticing occasional repeated characters but I had forgotten about the new PS2 keyboard adapter and thought it was my keyboard acting up . Last week I remembered the PS2 adapter and replaced with the old ZIOtek . So far my repeated key problem has not come back . I 'm assuming this PS2 keyboard adapter is just a bit flaky at times . Another negative feature is it is bulky and will cover usb slots close to the one it is plugged into . The old ZIOtek one is at the end of a short cable so it does n't have this problem either .
 This the 2nd PS/2 to USB adapter that I have tried . I reviewed the other one elsewhere as workable when used with a PS/2 mouse but a failure when used with a keyboard due to missing electronics . With this adapter the electronics are there , so the adapter does function as described.But there are three things to factor into an adapter use-decision
 Purchased three of these due to the reviews . Does not work well with Asus maximus IV Gene-Z motherboards , keeps causing
 this did n't work for me , tried connecting a ps2 gateway keyboard to a usb connector on a Dell . That was OK , but I was unaware I would need to search all over for a driver to match my keyboard . Needless to say , I never found one and wound up ordering a new keyboard . Would have sent this back if shipping was free .
 The reviews here of this product suggested that it would work for older keyboards where simple passive adapters would not . The adapter is indeed the `` active '' type I needed for my old keyboard , but it worked horribly , unfortunately . It would not handle more than about two keystrokes per second without beginning to lag severely -LRB- so that I would have to wait 10 seconds or more for my keystrokes to be sent to the computer -RRB- , and it would intermittently drop a keystroke or replace a keystroke with the wrong key ! It might be that the individual adapter I received was defective , and not that the adapter is of poor design , but I decided not to go through the hassle of shipping tiny pieces of plastic back and forth over large distances to settle the question .
 This PS2 Keyboard to USB Adapter just does n't work . I bought 2 adapters and connected with mouse but it does n't work with my windows 7 desktop computer . Also this adapter takes space . So when you use this adopter , you ca n't use the other usb ports .
 Was excited to be able to use my ps/2 keyboard with big ol monster split at work , where I do most of my typing . Adapter worked fine at home , but then I took it to work and it thinks I have the `` Ctrl '' key pushed in , rendering the keyboard useless . I tried reinstalling the driver , but it did n't help . Took the adapter back home and it did work , meaning that it does n't think the `` ctrl '' key is on at every computer . Both computers are Windows 7 created and purchased within the past year . I type so much at work , I really wanted to be able to use my old keyboard , oh well : -LRB-
 I got this to hook up my old sgi 101 keyboard to my netbook . I do n't type incredibly fast but this thing drops characters and is virtually unusable for me at least . I have n't tried any other adapters which are powered , I hear they may work better .
 this watch arrived with no working battery ; i have to buy a new battery ; from now on , i 'll buy my watches from a store where i can see first hand if they are any good
 Quality of Phones
 These headphones are of high quality , and would be fine for use on the airplane -- or for audio books . If you are an audiophile , you WILL be dissapointed .
 It 's no wonder they 've discontinued this product . DO NOT purchase them , at any sale price , if bass response is at all important to you . They are comfortable and the clarity at the high end is decent , but the bass response is the worst I 've ever heard in an earbud-style headphone . Even the slightest bass levels force them to distort radically and ruin the listening experience completely . The only possible use I could see for them is listening to audio books . Just awful .
 DO NOT buy these headphones . they dont fit well and have pathetic bass . for the same price you can get the stellar Sennheiser CX300-B Earbuds -LRB- amazon has them for $ 47 right now but i got mine for $ 40 -RRB- which have awesome clarity , bass , and construction , and the cord wont fall apart like sony 's earbud models .
 These have no bass , and the they are clear , as long as you like high end clear.The Marketing people need to let the Engineers back in the mix at Altec Lansing.Shame on those Marketeers that try to foist these on unsuspecting consumers that think that the Altec Lansing name was what it once was .
 I end up returning these due to the fact that it 's very uncomfortable inside your ears , and the sound quality is no better than my Ipod original earphones .
 Isolation : I had to use the foam inserts because the plastic ones were a little too large for my ears . With the foam , it completely sealed my ear canal and blocked out most noise . My commute home on the J train -LRB- light-rail -RRB- was quite silent . I was listening to classical music for the first time on the train . With earbuds , I had to put the volume level around 50 % . With the Sony MDR-EX71 model , I could to keep it around 40 % . The noise attenuation was n't that good with the Sony model , but definitely better than earbuds -LRB- but the sound quality was quite terrible though . -RRB- Sound Quality : Superb sound . The partnership with Etymotic Research is evident . Everything sounded great
 these headphones were a collaboration between altec lansing and etymotic . Basically , altec lansing took etymotic 's technology and design and changed it slightly.unfortunately , the change was bad . I 'm comparing this to the etymotic er-6i which costs roughly eighty-five dollars at amazon . the worst part is that the part of the headphone that the earpieces attach to are at least double the diameter of the ones on the er6i.This would n't be a problem with most headphones , except these headphones are DESIGNED to be pushed deep into the ear to create the isolation and seal that the etymotic headphones are renowned for . As a result , you can feel the plastic stub -LRB- that the eartips attach to -RRB- on your ear , and that is uncomfortable.it is like i can feel a hard plastic tube in my ear . The er-6i does not have this problem at all , since the stub is much smaller in diameter.i returned these headphones after a couple days of trying to get used to them . I have since bought my 2nd pair of er6i and have not looked back .
 It 's a nice tv , but it arrived broken and when I tried to return it for an exchange I was told the product was no longer available from the supplier I chose ...
 I have a motorola e815 and i formatted the card and copied and pasted my music files . They appear in the removable disk on the pc after i 've done so . There are preset folders on the card and im not sure if there is a specific one im supposed to place them in but the music files dont show up when i put the memory card back in the phone regardless . If anyone can help me please respond .
 I recently got a brand new Garmin i3 Road Pilot , which comes with this memory card in it . When I tried to load the street maps into my new GPS system , the memory card broke as I was doing it . I did n't even touch the thing ! It is so small and tiny that it is extremely fragile . I hope that this does not happen while I am on the road , otherwise I am up crap creek . I would recommend that you buy a device that fits a more sturdy card than this if you have a choice ! Now I am stuck buying a new card for my GPS ...
 yeah well i got my transflash and all i want to do is put my previous pictures already taken onto it . So when i choose `` change storage device '' and choose the transflash , my screen goes back to the menu . Then once i try to go to pictures , it freezes . It also doesnt allow me to take pictures . If any of you have had this problem , -LSB- ... -RSB- tell me whats up , thank you .
 Ok , I read all the reviews and was really excited for this remote saying how easy it was to set up . I would consider myself an above average technology person considering just a few weeks ago I had to figure out how to download my own firmware to my computer , burn a dvd , and then update my blue ray player . That being said ... this remote was incredibly hard to set up . I still have not figured it out and to make everything worse it changed all of my TV settings and now almost nothing is in HD even though the settings are saying they are . Uggg , so frustrating !
 This remote was perfect for Media center until the last software version . For some reason Logitech saw fit to mess this remote up . It is no longer a Media center remote . They have made the green media button , which was the most important button on the remote , inoperable with media center . you have to go into the display menu and find the button to bring up media center and the media center main menu now . Ridiculous . Actually as soon as a find a replacement I will be selling mine .
 This remote has too many buttons which it will not allow you customize . The most glaring example is the green MEDIA button itself ! Not a problem you say , this is reserved for Media Center . Think again . I set up a Macro to operate my Media Center PC but the Media button wo n't work because Logitech 's / Harmony 's software decided that I should really use this button for some other purpose then actually controlling my Media PC . What ?!?! I 'm sorry that 's just really stupid . Do n't get me wrong , I could create a Macro -LRB- aka Activity -RRB- where the Media button works with Media Center but then I would be forced to select a pre-determined action like My TV or My Music , and so on . What if I just want the Media PC to open to the main menu ? Nope , sorry , you ca n't do that . The setup software is riddled with absurd contingencies like this . You can do A , but only if you do B and do n't do C . It would n't be so bad if there was some logical reason for this behavior but there is none , except maybe a God Complex on the part of the designers.Also , I 've found the physical buttons on the remote do n't always register when you 've pressed them so sometimes you have to hit them two or three times . Most frequently this happens with the directional buttons surrounding the OK button . Four discreet buttons -LRB- up , down , left , right -RRB- might have served better then the one integrated ring button , who knows . All things being equal , I prefer a ring button but at the end-of-the-day I just want a button that works when I press it.The other annoying feature is the soft buttons . These are ` buttons ' you define which are displayed on the LCD . You may or may not be able to create a soft button to do what you want but be warned , the software will decide what order these buttons appear , not you . Of course , the software surely knows better then you . This is of course why your most frequently used soft buttons will inevitably be buried in the middle or at the end of a long list so you have to scroll to reach them . Do n't be too hasty in doing so either . You can only scroll one direction . If you pass the item you wanted , you 'll have to keep scrolling down to the bottom then start over at the top . The same can be said for your Activities and Device lists too . It would have been nice to be able to control item placement so that your most frequently used items could be at the beginning or organized alphabetically or put in some other order that makes sense to you . Alas , there is simply no way to control this.They claim this thing is customizable , and it is to a certain extent , but only if the sometimes completely illogical configuration software deems the function you want worthy . It 's all really too bad , this could have been an excellent remote but as it is I would rather use two or three individual remotes then try and use this one.On the plus side , I will say their technical support was responsive . I emailed them three times and never had to wait more then a day for a response . Of course , it did n't matter . All they seemed capable of doing was regurgitating information already available in the online FAQ .
 This is actually a pretty good remote and the setup for configuration is usable . However , it appears Logitech has stopped providing downloadable TV listings to the remote . This makes the remote much too expensive and defeats a big benefit . It also call into question Logitech 's commitment to newer remotes .
 It 's true - Harmony discontinued the program guide feature . Their reasoning - it was too expensive for them . There are a lot of universal remotes out there , but the tv listings were what sold me on the Harmony . Zapping through the listings on my remote was way easier than using my cable box 's on-screen guide , and for my tv 's where I use CableCard I do n't even have an on-screen guide.Aside from that , there are serious quality control problems . My first remote was DOA . For the replacement , the battery cover broke off -LRB- a common problem according to internet forums -RRB- . Now a key on the keypad has fallen off , and Harmony made me pay for a new keypad since the one year warranty has expired.I understand that Harmony was once a great company , but it seems to have gone downhill since it became part of Logitech .
 Pros
 I ca n't give you an accurate review of this product as far as the features go if you can get it working , but I can give you an insight into how I feel their production units are not ready for prime time.After receiving this item , I was quite excited to get it hooked up . Was surprised at how small the unit actually was - - the online pictures make you think it will be a bit larger but it 's quite compact . The setup directions were OK , but it 's more of the pict-o-graph format . There is NO owners manual , you have to print it out , which is a bummer.After hooking it up to my Plasma I booted it up and the unit would not start up . It kept coming up with a Windows Error . I tried multiple restarts and power cycles to no avail . I called their tech support and they asked me to put in the restore disc . I was already a little uneasy that I would have to do this with something I just bought . After searching with the tech support on the phone for several minutes we determined that there is no system restore disc included with the item . Apparently the system restore is * ON * the disc itself , so it does no good for a system that wo n't boot up . I do n't know if later production models will include the CD but mine surely did not.Sony sent me a CD of the system restore but they mailed it to the wrong address -LRB- the tech support is in another country -- and was not able to properly get my address due to language barriers -RRB- . After a second call to them another disk arrived 2 weeks later . I put in the new disk and started the system restore . After 10 minutes of running , a blue screen came up and said `` Fatal Error ... '' . I tried this one more time but the same message . The unit now had no O/S on it at all , because it locked up during restore . At this point I just gave up and sent it back.I was really looking forward to this unit , and had researched it online for months before release . I hope your experience will be a little better -LRB- the unit will actually work -RRB- but I 've sort of lost faith in Sony PC division and in Vista / HTPC arena all together for now . I considered the more expensive Sony XL2 system but I 'm uneasy with a Sony purchase right now . I 'm looking into an Alienware Hanger 18 unit instead once it 's released with Bluray in 2008 . Good luck to you should you choose to purchase this item . If it works , I bet it would be nice .
 good morningI would l ike to know what exactly is all parts of this item , i just received one rule in the picture it is shown all parts belons to this full item , it is possible i can to change this by one full paper shopi ll be looking forward to your responseregards
 I 've now owned these headphones for over a year . Originally , I bought them for being able to hear and mix my own production , but have ended up primarily using them as my headphones for casual listening . Honestly , though , they 're not good for either application , for different reasons . Here 's why.Sound quality . I 'm not an audiophile by any means , so take this as you will , but I have not been impressed . Even after a year of use , I 'm still underwhelmed . I think , without having a pro ear for this , everything is kind of flat -- which , from my understanding , is good for mixing and picking apart details , but not good for the casual listener . Honestly , when just listening to music , I do n't feel like these are any better sounding than the cheap $ 20 Sony 's I had prior . And particularly , as a hip hop fan , the bass response is only average . But overall they 're still not bad , and do still pick up the details and nuances in your music . But just not as good as you might expect with the price tag , in my opinion.Comfort . This has to be the biggest downside to these headphones . I have a slightly large head , but not abnormally sized -LRB- 7 1/2 hat size -RRB- , and my ears are average . I ca n't wear these headphones for more than about 30-40 minutes before it becomes noticeably uncomfortable . They are too tight and create pressure , causing general soreness and occasional headaches . Also , the ear cups are too small and not ergonomically designed , thus they press a bit on your ear , which can also lead to pain and discomfort over extended periods . This is the reason I 'm now ditching these headphones for a pair of Sony 's again , I ca n't stand the discomfort anymore.Durability and design . There are strengths and weaknesses here . The build quality appears to be excellent . The headphones originally came in nice packaging , complete with an included soft protective case for them -LRB- which I never used -RRB- . Materials and design appear to be strong and durable , I imagine these can take a beating and still hold up . The only downside in design , in my opinion , is that the headphones look a little ridiculous on the person wearing them . The hinges for the phones stick out a good inch or two from your head , and the phones themselves are fairly large . If you 're not hung up on how you look when enjoying or mixing your music , then no worries , but just a heads up to those who may be.Overall , I 'd avoid them if you 're just looking for a good pair of headphones for casual listening , or for extended use . The lack of comfort is the biggest drawback , and the deal breaker honestly . There 's got to be better options out there for comfort alone , in any price range , with which I 'm sure sound quality can be at least matched or surpassed as well . So I suggest searching elsewhere , but to each their own .
 Product came out of the original box with several scratches and without one piece , lamentable . It was not a good deal .
 Very disappointed in these phones , but then , Panasonic is n't really known for speakers and headphones , I suppose . I have a pair of the `` gold standard '' headphones , the Koss PRO4-AAs , and they are SO much better than the Panasonic -LRB- for which I had high hopes -RRB- or most anything else !
 I have the Grado SR 125 's and of course all Grado headphones are proper rated with the `` Hifi Award '' . These and Dr. Dre Beats , you just ca n't beat them for sound quality and just overall the BEST headphones for professional and personal use . I just tried these technics that my brother has and I was pretty disappointed . They do n't compare to either Grados or Dr. Dre Beats . They do n't even compare to the Sony Extra Bass MDR XB700 headphones . I 'm actually wanting to trade my Grados for these Sonys because they are incredibly comfortable , sound amazing , and have some bass . These Technics are too tight and DO NOT feel comfortable . Comfort and Sound Quality is crucial . Take my word for it . DO NOT GET THESE , PLEASE . Go with the Sonys if you have a cheaper budget . Grados and Dre Beats are obviously the best choice .
 I 've owned two pairs of these . I agree with the other reviewer that they sound the best out of any DJ headphone that I 've owned , but they are not durable . The headband and joints broke with both pairs within 6-8 months . I thought that I may have been hard on the first pair while using professionally , but the second failed after a few months of deliciate use . Dissapointing , especially at this price point .
 I loved these at first ... awesome sound , super comfy , decent price and a name you can presumably trust . But just like other articulating headphones that I 've bought , they 're made out of plastic and they eventually crack . After that , the left side shorted out . Expect to get maybe 6 months out of these , tops .
 I purchased a pair of these 2 years ago after giving up on Sony 700 's -LRB- I was going through the sony 's every 12-18 months -RRB- . I read good things about these Technics , so I bit . I broke the first pair in 3 months , returned -LRB- even though out of warranty , I fought w/Panasonic and won -RRB- and broke the new replacement 3 months later . The sound is better than Sony , but durability at the joint is not good in my opinion . If you 're kinder and gentler than me , buy these .
 I just got these today so I have no long term use with them yet . But given that the sound wo n't change much with usage I have to say the following compared to the Sony 700 's
 I 've listened from $ 50 cans that sound just about as good as these . I 'm no DJ ill admit , but some bass would be nice in these . And they hurt your ears
 The remote fuctionally is awesome , and a true sight to behold . The problem is , unlike the lower end Sony Remote Commander models , this model has an internal , rechargeable battery . At first that sounds sweet but trust me it 's anything but . First off new the battery only will last about an hour and a half max , and that 's only if you go lean by turning off button beeps and button touch feedback . Secondly the rechargeable battery isnt LION it 's Nickel Cad , SUCKS ! The manual recommends the remote be on the charger at all times it 's not being used but if you know anything about rechargeable batts you 'd know that 's the kiss of death for Nick cad batteries . They almost always are suppossed to be drained nearly completely because they have a `` memory '' to them . So there in lies a BIG issue . I need a new battery for mine and I contacted Sony , they told me they wanted $ 350 to repair it !?!?!?! They told me they had a buy back program but it 's over , even though I registered my $ 600 remote with them before they started it and never was informed . Go with a different company for your high end remotes .
 It looks pretty and sounds like it would be a great little drive but it took me 15 minutes to get the cap off . I know it sounds crazy but because of how the rubber and metal are designed , it was virtually impossible to remove the cap to even get the USB available . Once the cap was removed , I put it back on and could n't get it off again.I returned it - I do n't need a jump drive with so much difficulty getting access to it .
 Solid machine . Well-designed , intuitive menus , decent picture . At first glance it is way better than most BUT ... the idiots who designed this thing made it incapable of editing recordings ! For example
 DVD drive stopped working after 6 months . Numerous reset attempts did not fix the problem . Drive makes a clunking noise , fails to read any discs , and still gives me `` NoREAD '' errors even when the tray is empty . This is the second Panasonic product I 've recently had stop working so unless their customer service people are willing to bend over backwards , I 'll be spending my money elsewhere forever .
 I purchased this Panasonic DMR-ES35V new -LRB- unlike some of my other DVD/VCR 's -RRB- . Unlike the units I purchased used , this one has problems.It tuned fine -LRB- no longer relevant because the tuner is analog -RRB- and plays with adequate quality . It recorded okay , too.But , two years into its life , it stopped taking instruction from its remote . While it will accept limited instructions from a universal remote , it wo n't allow access to the `` menu '' so I ca n't , for example , add channel 3 which I need for my digital TV converter . It also wo n't accept a `` skip '' or `` fast forward '' command , which one really needs to watch most DVD 's . While Panasonic will pay the shipping , it wants the princely sum of $ 130 plus tax to fix the problem . To pay half again the price of a relatively young and lightly used unit to make it work as it should is not something that makes me want to buy a similar product of this brand.In the room where we watch movies most often , the LG I acquired used has taken the place of this Panasonic .
 I read cautionary tales about this product and ignored them . Not only was it difficult -LRB- cumbersome -RRB- to use , but it is already busted after a couple of months . It was hyper sensitive . I am very disappointed b/c my whole goal was to take family vhs tapes and turn them into digital discs .
 I would not recommend this product to anyone . It does not create DVDs that are compatible with any other machine unless finalized . And it has an extremely high error rate which most likely will prevent you from finalizing your disks , making them good only for playback on the existing machine -LRB- half the time -RRB- . The other half of the time , the error erases everything on the disk . So if you are taping your favorite weekly shows on the same DVD , by the time you get to the last recording , it can give you a U88 which will either wipe out everything you recorded on the disk up to that point or make it so it can not be finalized and can not be played back on any other machine.I am sure there are better DVD units out there and I hope I get one the second time around . This one was not worth the money I paid for it .
 We brought this item because we wanted a dvd recorder/vcr combo to record from the vcr to dvd . And it is the worst . it freezes up all the time . wheather your trying to watch something you 've recorder or a regular rental movie . Or it will take the movie and when you are finish it wo n't open to get the movie out . when you record something sometimes it plays on other dvd players and sometimes it does n't . You never know what will play on other DVD player . it 's so poorly made . it 's not even worth it . it 's better to pay a few extra bulks and get something that 's actually works .
 I purchased this item 5-20-06 . I wish I would have never have bought it . I also read another review about this dvd recorder and they had the same promblem I had . It did not work . This other person who bought this item bought 2 and returned both of them with the same problem . I bought it also and had the same problem also . Here is the problem . I hooked it all up and it worked great for about 5 minutes . Then I could not even get the remote control to work at all . It would not do anything . So I read the instuctions again for 2 hours to be sure I was not doing something a wrong . It still locked up . The Dvd recorder would not do anything at all . I thought the other person that wrote that bad review maybe did not read the instructions . He was correct with his bad review . He had to return both of his defective dvd recorders . I should have listened to what he said . I think Panasonic should pull this product off of the shelves to get the problem fixed . Seems kind of strange that 3 of these dvd recorders had the same exact problem .
 I bought this item in May . First exchanged it and then returned it . My problem was jittery -LRB- shaky -RRB- images while watching a still picture and some animated movies -LRB- like South Park -RRB- . The other problem mentioned in the other reviews about remote control is fixed now . You need to download the patch by use of a computer.It 's a shame that an otherwise great product has a lot of bugs in it .
 Hookup was a breeze . . I used a Cable splitter so I could bypass the unit when watching TV - My Sony TV has a better tuner.The unit played well with a fantastic picture with both VHS and a phenominal DVD image . . near HD on my regual set.It recorded well with only a slight loss in quality to bot DVD and VHS.The manual was a little confusing since there is So Much gadgetry this thing can do . . I sat down to read it until I understood what it said FIRST , before getting frustrated.Once I had that down it 's a very sweet unit for the price.HOWEVER , and thats a big HOWEVER - First try at transferring vhs to DVD TOASTED the laser and I had to return it for exchange.It was very nice of Panasonic to put in a error message that said '' U61 -LRB- power interupted -RRB- Self check failed , refer to service `` Thats the best thing when a unit quits . . a message that states do n't even bother to fiddle with it .
 The first time I went to use this I put in a VHS tape to dub to dvd.Discovered the entire left side of the machine did not work and remote had no eject button . I called panasonic but everything they suggested involved hitting buttons on the nonfunctioning left side . They finally said I should take it to their repair shop 30 miles from my house . FORTUNATELY I had put in a tape with stuff I did n't care alot about - I 'm just gon na return the dmr.My advise
 I 've had this recorder for several years . It has performed well during that time , however , it has suddenly stopped responding to the remote . I replaced the batteries on the remote several times with no results . I bought a universal remote and managed to get every piece of electronics I own to respond to it except this one . This thing can not perform the majority of its functions without the remote . I ca n't even select the second chapter of a DVD without the remote , so even playback options are severely compromised . I 'm being told that I have to ship the item to Texas to be repaired as it is outside its warranty period . How convenient for me . If I liked Panasonic before , I like them a lot less now .
 This machine will not accept ANY form of DVD disc . The VCR image is divided . Consequently no evaluation of the its ' claimed capabilities has been possible . I have tried to get some sort of history from the vendor , to assist in a necessary repair , but he is singularly unhelpful , pointing out that if I want the advantage of the replacement service , I most move to the USA .
 Within the first year , the VCR broke and was repaired under warranty . About a year later -LRB- now out of warranty -RRB- , the DVD player stopped working . It wo n't read DVD 's at all anymore ; it does n't even know when a DVD is inserted -LRB- complains about bad DVD 's even when the drawer is empty . -RRB- DVD 's do n't play on other models until `` finalized '' , so that leaves me with a bunch of DVD 's I ca n't use now , unless I buy another of the same model - NOT!Assorted other bugs : - Even when the DVD recorder was working , it would often give errors and stop , usually when about 90 % done with a program I was recording , causing me to have to delete that program -LRB- and waste the space on my DVD-R -RRB- . - When you run out of space for recording on your tape , all the scheduled programs get messed up and stop recording - you have to re-enter them all . - The tape counter does n't work properly - if you go forward and backward a few times , you 'll see the start of the tape is n't at 0:00 anymore . Even going back an hour does n't quite take you to the start of the 1-hour program you recorded.Panasonic Customer Service just says it 's out of warranty and they do n't have many problems with their DVD players . Other reviewers , like me , would seem to disagree .
 Was formatting a disk yesterday to record the UH vs Boise game , the machine completely freezes up . Remote does n't work , even the inputs on the machine itself do n't work !!! Was gon na give it a dumpster ride , called Radio Shack , first question out of them was `` Did you buy the extended warranty ? '' , evidently I 'm a few weeks past one year . Would n't recommend this to anyone , wish the US would start manufacturing electronic goods again , I ` ld gladly pay the extra money if the quality was there ...
 Very bad purchase , I buy new DVD Panasonic in Amazon and when I arrive the reader from DVD not read any disc , none ! i buys by Internet from Costa Rica and lost all the investment . Please no body buy this Model of Panasonic
 This device WILL NOT charge NiCad batteries such as those furnished with solar lights . It will give a RED error code . This is only for Nickel Metal Hydride NI MH batteries .
 bought the charger and an extra battery . When my camera battery started getting low I tried to charge the batteries and the device just sat there trying to charge but never charged the batteries . competely useless . have to go buy a different charger .
 After three weeks the batteries fails . I buy a knew one in Walmart , and less expensive .
 this was advertised to be compatable with my camera , and it is not . I am very dissapointed and will never order from Amazon again .
 The product description says speakers , which implies a pair . I was disappointed to receive only one . Still fairly priced but creates confusion and delays .
 I found these headphones to be very uncomfortable , not to mention the clips catch in your hair , if you have long hair . They also do not sound anywhere near as good as the Panasonic RP-HG10 ... which I highly recommend .
 I loved the camera while it worked ! The pictures were fab . The 7x optical zoom was incredible , the stereo audio recording of iron maiden and judas priest were second to none ... wait , did I say priest ? -- I dropped the camera -LRB- 2-4 feet -RRB- before the show started ... I was in the front row with no camera and the `` image stabilizer '' no longer worked -- I could not take any pictures ... I sent it in for warranty/etc ... it would cost $ 140 to fix . I should have purchased 200 disposable cameras instead ... My girlfriend knew that I loved this camera , so she got another -LRB- both were new -RRB- ... and while walking down the street at Sundance film festival , someone bumped my coat and it fell out of my pocket -LRB- in a protective cover ! -RRB- and the camera -LRB- # 2 for those keeping score -RRB- no longer worked -- it said `` image stabilizer '' not functioning or something ... I sent it in , but I expect that it , too will cost $ 140 to fix . This camera came out of the box one day earlier-long enough to charge the battery ... If you never bump your stuff and never , ever drop or shake anything , you will love this camera . But if anyone ever bumps into you or drops your purse or hits your coat , then you will be out $ $ . I have had many other cameras , phones , mps players , and I have never had something as fragile as this.Do not take skiing ... or hiking ... or anywhere it might be bumped .
 Having owned other Casio cameras in the past , and having been happy with all of them , I jumped on this camera . Picture quality was very good and I liked the fact this camera allowed a date imprint . I was particulary interested in using the stepless zoom . I figured this would be a great video camera in addition to a great still camera because of this zoom feature . Well , the video was absolutely horrible no matter which quality setting I used . Having used my old Casio EX-Z750 and been very pleased with the video , this was a huge dissapointment on the EX-V7 . After some additional experimentation , I noticed video quality improved with the image stabilizer off . I had also tried all the various image stabilizer options , and only OFF made the quality improve . After reading another reviewers post about 2 defect cameras , I decided to return this camera for a refund and not deal with this . When Casio comes out with a newer version of a camera with image stabilization , I would give them another shot . At this point , I can only conclude from my experience that they 've not perfected their implmentation , or they just have quality control issues with their manufacturing process . It seems that when the camera works , as other reviewers with better luck noted , it is fabulous .
 As a satisfied owner of an Exilim M1 camera that has performed great for years , I felt it was finally time to upgrade my point-and-shoot to something with a higher resolution.Horrible , Horrible redeye . Like 2 glowing stopsigns on the front of everyone 's face . I tried setting the flash to Auto , Redeye Reduction , and even going into the manual settings and turning the flash intensity to negative 2 . Nothing made the slightest inkling of difference . I tried taking test shots side by side with my M1 and also a Cannon Powershot a520 -LRB- $ 175 camera -RRB- . The M1 had no redeye , the a520 had to zoom in to maximum on the LCD to see the slightest tinge of maroon , and the EX-V7SR displayed its bright glowing red eyes in every shot , even shots where the subject was n't looking directly at the camera . I sent it back thinking there must have been something wrong with the flash intensity in my camera , because if this problem happened to everyone I ca n't imagine anyone keeping it.The redeye problem simply made this camera unusable indoors , to bad too , as I liked the scene modes , the size , the self contained lens , the huge lcd , I loved the 16:9 movie mode , and I loved how easy it was to play a professional looking slide show on my HDTV .
 We are on our second camera . The first one we bought right before we left on vacation . The camera broke at Grand Canyon National Park . Screen just went blank . Luckily we were traveling with friends who took pictures for us . We returned the camera at the end of our vacation and were given a new camera . One year later , with many good pictures during that year , we are again on vacation . Great Smokey Mountain national park this time . And the same thing happens . This time no friends to take pictures . Still going through the process of getting it fixed . This camera is not dependable . I would not recommend it !
 after i clicked `` buy now '' I read the reviews and hoped for the best.Opened up my brand new camera and it said `` image stabilization not available '' and powerd down . Thats all my new camera would ever do , just like some of the reviews said . Returned it b4 xmas . Not a one star review , I just did n't know how to leave 0 .
 My camera stopped working after three weeks of light use and mabbe 200 photos . An error message `` camera stabilization not available '' pooped up and that was the end of this camera . Customer service was no help . Returning the camera to the manufacturer was a waste of effort . It came back in the same condition . Casio camera is a rip off . Take my advice and try another manufactures camera .
 The Casio Exilim I received was broken upon delivery . I was unable to take a single picture and as I had purchased it to take on a cruise and paid extra to have it mailed in two days , it was a complete disaster.To add to the difficulty , when we called the company to return it , they said there would be a 20 % restocking fee.Needless to say , as a person who purchases many items from Amazon , I was terribly disappointed in the purchase and the poor customer service by Expo Electronics . a company that Amazon utilizes as a vendor .
 I absolutely loved my Casio Exilim EX-Z750 camera for both its photo and video quality . All the hype around the EX-V7 had me believe I could get a camera I would love even more . How dissapointed I am!Maybe there are many defective cameras out there and mine is one of them because photo image quality is well below average and video quality is unbelievably bad.I am so sorry for selling my EX-Z750 . I have purchased a used EX-Z750 -LRB- yes , even a used EX-Z750 is better than a new EX-V7 -RRB- and am getting rid of this EX-V7 as soon as possible . I will only miss the brightness of the screen .
 I bought this camera a few weeks ago and have visited a bit around Europe to test it out . This camera is even worse than the most critical review I have read . If I could I would return it , but it 's too late . I 'm stuck with a camera that takes poor photos . And this was n't a cheap camera.Here are the problems with it : - Anti-shake reduction works very poorly -LRB- compared to Sony T-series -RRB- . Even moderate , normal hand shaking resulted in blurred photos despite the anti-shake reduction mode.-Colors are TERRIBLE . They are too dark on auto settings , but when I increase the EV , the colors are poor/washed out . Again , I have been taking photos side-by-side with a Sony T-10 , and the color difference is amazing -LRB- poor on the Casio -RRB- . - Menu navigation is TERRIBLE . It can take a long time to change basic things such as ISO , Macro , timer , etc. . Basically the auto mode only lets you adjust the flash mode -LRB- which is at least user-friendly -RRB- . - The manual modes are ok , but hardly intuitive to even a relatively experienced user -LRB- used to the auto settings in any case -RRB- . - Annoying camera cradle . The camera docking station/voltage converter is the size of two or three rechargers . And it really does n't offer any real advantages.Pros -LRB- not that many -RRB- : -7 power zoom works great ... . but how necessary is it ? - SD card . A stupid point , but one of my complaints about the generally excellent Sony cameras is their memory sticks -LRB- when I have only SD 's -RRB- . - Nice , white light that can be used for indoor shoots and the camera.-Great size , especially considering the 7X zoom.In sum , despite some nice features and possibilities , the poor photo quality makes this camera a terrible buy . I give this product one of the lowest Amazon ratings I have ever given .
 I was almost prepared to give a 5 star rating for this camera owing its size and zooming capacity . Within a month of using this camera , I started getting this message `` Camera stabilizer is not available '' , which completely halts the camera operation . Intially , after switching it off and on for some time , I could make it work . But not any more . I called Casio camera repair center and they asked me to mail it to their repair center in Dover , NJ . On my insistence that the similar problem is encountered by other customers too -LRB- I cited amazon reviews -RRB- , they obliged me with prepaid shipping , although , I still paid for the insurance -LRB- they normally recommend -RRB- . Further , being too optimistic , I asked the customer care representative if they would replace it with a brand new camera . They said that only if the problem recurs will they will get into that part of the business . So one star for covering my shipping fee . Another one for high zoom , average picture quality and small size of camera . The camera price has plummeted phenomenonally from $ 400 -LRB- the price at which I purchased this camera from best buy -RRB- to $ 200 something . This normally does not happen to Canon cameras . I chose Casio over Canon because Casio could manage to reduce canon high zoom size . The sad part is , all this , at the cost of picture quality . And , there is where you loose the essence of a camera . I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THIS CAMERA . If Casio team can come up with a variation of the same product with high picture quality and uninterrupted functioning , that would be the one of its kind .
 Few Days after purchase it developed malfunction . After turning on it displays a message and screen shuts off.Do not buy this camera
 My $ 200 camera went bad from a VERY COMMONLY reported manufacturing defect `` camera stabilizer is not available '' error message in the model I had . Since this is a common defect from the manufacture , they should have fixed my camera at their expense , but they refused to fix it without me having to pay $ 100 something for their manufacturing defect plus shipping charges ! Do n't buy Casio products ! They do n't stand behind the quality of their products .
 2 cameras in 3 months . A stabilizer error appeared in both instances . Now , it looks as if I ca n't get my money back and I 'm stuck with an unreliable camera . If you like calling 800 numbers to check the status of your repair , this is the camera for you .
 Returned mine right away!Older models seem to be much better!Either get an older model or wait for a new model to come out !
 I bought a Casio Exilim EX-V7 camera about 2-3 years ago . I am very careful about how I handle the camera , etc. . It worked just fine until a couple of weeks ago while I was on vacation in Costa Rica . The camera was standing up on a wood table and I accidentally knocked it over on its side . When I tried to use the camera I got an error message that said `` camera stabilizer not available '' . I could not take pictures , even though I was still able to view and delete the photos already on the camera . I could also change settings , etc. , but I could not take pictures . I immediately went on to the Casio support website and it said that if you get this error message you need to mail the camera into to a repair facility . So I called Casio tech support and they told me the same thing . But they could not tell me how much it would cost and they also said I would be responsible for the shipping costs both ways . I am assuming they have seen this error before and I believe they should have been able to provide at least an estimate over the phone . But regardless of the poor tech support from Casio , I feel that knocking the camera onto its side should never cause a fatal error like this !!! I did not drop the camera , I only knocked it on its side ! What the @ $ # % !! I am seriously questioning the quality of this camera . In lieu of incurring what are likely to be high repair charges , I am going to `` retire '' this camera and purchase a new one of a different brand . So long Casio , hello Olympus !
 I 've treated this Camera with kit gloves ever since I bought . It has NEVER been dropped . I 've had it for a year or so , but I just got bit like ALL the others . Camera Stabilizer not availbe - and powers down . Evidently , CASIO has posted a S/W update for the camera V1 .03 that will at least let the camera function when the Stabilizer malfunctions . I may try and update it , but I have half a mind to throw it away and buy a REAL Camera like Nikkon or Cannon.BTW , this was the 2nd CASIO camera I purchased . The first , I purchased right before a trip to Disney World . As soon as I arrived , the screen went all White/Black wonky . When we returned home , I returned it to the retailer and bought this on.CASIO is a HORRIBLE brand . Never buy one of their cameras.Don ' t waste your money . I rate this 0 stars . Amazon , you need to allow people to rate things 0 stars .
 Same problem . Great pictures and features , but it up and died in Bangkok for no good reason . Too many of us have had the same problem . Also the case Amazon suggests does n't fit .
 Had for a little over a month . Camera broke on trip to Costa Rica . Not at all durable . Met someone with same broken camera . Buy at your own risk .
 Wow , 7x optical zoom , 7MP , on sale for $ 169 on a Boxing day deal down from $ 349 regular . What 's not to love , right?Well , after about 3 days of regular use , I was presented with the ` Stabilizer Not Available ' message and it would not even turn on . I would recommend NO ONE EVER BUY A CASIO CAMERA . Based on the reviews on amazon and elsewhere , I do n't know how a company like CASIO can get away with releasing a paperweight and calling it a camera . I would n't by another one if it were 20 cents . I hope people from Casio read this review and are ashamed to show their faces in public . I 'm giving this one star because it is the lowest rating you are allowed and still have a review.Buy one if you want a new hockey puck and have $ 200 lying around .
 I purchased this camera when it initially was offered and loved the 7x optical as well as the stereo widescreen movie mode . I loved it so much I bought my daughter the same one as well a few months later.Well after 6 months of casual use I recieve the `` Camera Stabilizer is not available '' error message . The camera is dead after that . Calling customer center was a good experience ; I returned the camera -LRB- at my expense -RRB- and they returned the camera with a service report indicating there were scratches on the camera -LRB- there were none -RRB- and that the lense assembly was replaced . Also the warranty would only be honored for 90 days . The turnaround time was very good - I think 2 weeks total.Well , next trip I took with the camera I took about 100 shots and now have the same error message . To boot , my daughters camera now has the same error message . So now I have two to return.This camera is very independable and I have been sickened by the fantastic pics I have missed when this thing decides to quit.I take very good care of this camera - ensuring it is always in its case and it has never been dropped or mishandled.STAY AWAY FROM THIS CAMERA !!
 I really wanted to like this camera . Got the first one and as soon as I powered it up I got the `` Camera stabilization not available '' message . Since there is no printed manual I looked it up on the included CD and it says `` return the camera '' Bummer . But it 's new and there may be some manufacturing issues ... There is a slip of paper that says `` DO NOT RETURN THE CAMERA IT HAS TO BE FIXED BY A REPAIR SHOP '' I called the 800 # and it was 8-12 weeks . Back to amazon for a replacement ... The new camera arrived in 2 days -LRB- kudos to amazon , again -RRB- and I started taking pictures . The quality was average , Macro would be a 4 out of 5 stars , portrait distances a 3 out of 5 and long range would be 4 again only because of the 7x zoom . 5 days later I 'm getting the same error message and returned the camera for a refund . I wo n't be replacing it with the same thing .
 Upon receipt of my new camera , trying to set it up it failed . After calling Casio after many calls , they said it was faulty and to send it to The Time Machine in Montrose , Ca . for repair , which I did at my expense of $ 7.63 certified mail . After 5 days , I called Time Machine and they said it was a faulty lens part and they were waiting on the part which would be about another week . The young lady at Time Machine was very friendly and helpful . The people I talked to at Casio were not friendly and kind of gave me the run-around . I received my camera on Julu 25th and still have n't taken a picture . I am going on vacation the first part of September and wanted to get used to the camera since this is my first digital camera befoe vacation . I am very disatified . Bernie Boyer
 I bought two of these cameras for my daughters less than a month ago . Now , after less than 100 pictures taken on each , BOTH camaeras exhibit the `` camera stabilizer not available '' error . So far , Casio customer support has been less than stellar . I am returning both cameras for `` repair '' . Take my advice and look elsewhere . This camera has a major flaw , as evidenced by all the similar problems in these Amazon reviews .
 I thought this was going to be the `` end all be all '' of pocket cameras . Long battery life . Decent photo quality . Super fast shutter lag . And a SEVEN times zoom that also works with video -LRB- not to mention having wide screen format for video -RRB- . However , after only a month , a slight bump rendered the camera worthless . Whenever I power on I get a `` Camera Stablizer not available '' message . You can not override or bypass this error -LRB- who cares if I ca n't use the stabilizer while taking pics in direct sunlight ?! -RRB- . I ca n't believe you ca n't bypass this.I was in another state for a wedding when this happened and was simply SOL for a camera.Boo to you Casio for this huge design flaw on your part . How can you make a pocket camera so unbelievably fragile ? Judging from forums and reviews across the web , this problem plagues a LOT of EX-V7 owners.DON ' T BUY THIS CAMERA .
 I bought this 6 weeks ago from bestbuy for 300 . I am having the same problem as many other are having . It worked ok for 4 weeks . After that it started saying `` camera stabilizer not available '' . Having said that , when it worked image quality was ok but video quality was horrible . May be I need to change some settings but out of the box video is horrible.I have used other casio cameras which were pretty good but this is one poor camera .
 Casio Exilim EX-V7 Silver 7.2 MP Digital Camera with 7x Optical Image Stabilized ZoomMy camera went bad from a very commonly reported manufacturing defect `` camera stabilizer is not available '' error message in the model . Since this is a common defect from the manufacture , they should fix everyone 's camera at their expense , but they refused to fix it unless we all pay over $ 100 for their manufacturing defect plus shipping charges ! Do n't buy Casio products ! They do n't stand behind the quality of their product . I will not be sending it back for repairs , it 's not worth it . I 'm sure you 'll be able to find a better cameras for $ 179 almost the same price that Casio will charge you to repair their manufacturing defect `` camera stabilizer is not available '' error ... When it worked it was an awesome camera until Casio 's manufacturing defect `` camera stabilizer is not available '' error ! I 'm looking into buying a Olympus Stylus Tough . As for Casio they should stick to making watches ... . I will never buy a Casio product `` EVER '' ...
 I 'm a big fan of LaCie d2 drives . My problem with this item # 300685 is the fact that this is apparantly a discontinued mechanism , replaced by Lacie # 300719 , list price only $ 10 more -LRB- $ 399 -RRB- . One star rating awarded to Amazon , not LaCie . Current model product -LRB- which I was hoping to buy , but can not find on Amazon -RRB- includes additional FireWire 800 Mbit/s interface , twice as fast as Firewire and USB 2.0 included with this drive . Amazon website is great for books , but fails to give technical specs on most computer items .
 I bought a 60 GB LaCie Pocket Drive USB2/Firewire drive in August 2003 , for $ 349.95 from Microwarehouse . Died December 2004 , 3 months after manufacturers warranty ended.Customer service was unhelpful , told me that there are only 4 manufacturers out there , and all have the same warranty . So I 'm out $ 350.00 . My company also bought a LaCie d2 FireWire , 80 GB -LRB- 300656 -RRB- Hard Drive , which died after 3 months .
 So , why did I give it one star ? Because all hard drives fail eventually -- why put all your eggs in one basket ? You can stack and daisy chain firewire enabled drives to get the same capacity . It 's usually cheaper to get the same capacity by combining two or more moderate size drives than one jumbo . If you have lots of important data to protect , you can use multi-drive storage strategies -LRB- ask your local geek . -RRB-
