 After reading all the wonderful reviews of this product it seemed to be perfect to store and use for my small home network instead of the other three computers getting data from my main computer . I had hoped it would be as easy and as lighting fast as I had read . It was not , not even close . Tech support is poor ; performance of this product is extremely poor . It would take my other computers about 20-25 seconds to access the main database I use , now with this Netdisk it is at least 58 second or more . Even accessing the data the performance is sluggish and in no way worth the money spent . Tech support said I had an old driver . I installed the new driver with no change . Do not invest any money in this product if speed is what you want .
 I 've had a number of these over the years ; they seemed to last a couple of years then have some problem . The price was reasonble so I 'd replace the ones that had problem.In September , I ordered a terabit raid bundle direct from Klegg -LRB- who bought the company from XIMETA -RRB- . It arrived without hard drives -- empty enclosures . After 3 weeks of emails , Klegg agreed to send me the real thing and a UPS label to send the empty ones back . That was a month ago . They have gone radio silent after giving me one of those tracking numbers that when you track them say the item has not been received yet by UPS.There web site has disappeared and the company phone has been shut off . -LRB- They have , however , announced a letter of intent to acquire a property management company in Las Vegas a week or so ago -- keeping foreclosed properties up . -RRB- Scammers ? If it walks like a duck , quacks like a duck ... STAY AWAY !
 Performance is terrible on Wireless network here . I 'm getting 1.1 MB/sec compared to about 30MB/sec on the laptop drive . That 's S.L.O.W.
 When you record in HD , you can only playback your 8 cm disc on a SONY Blu - Ray , not any other manufacturer 's Blu-Ray 's !!!!!!!! When Sony was contacted about this , they said they were sorry but you would have to just contact the other manufacturer to discuss playback options .
 It 's a wonderful Camcoder unless you want to use it on a MAC . Sony seems to have a `` cute deal '' with Microsoft . It only works with our MAC infrequently if at all .
 This is really a horrible system . I got it out of the box , hooked it up and turned it on to nothing but static . I checked all four channels , the locations of the system , everything that I could think of , and nothing helped . The product claims to be good throughout a house , through walls , etc. but I could n't even get it to work across one room . The company is making very dangerous unsubstantiated claims , and it 's rediculous how poor this product is . If I turned my stereo all the way up , I could get a faint signal of the audio below the deafening static , but nothing close to usable . This product is currently being returned , and I will not be buying another product for Terk any time soon . Save yourself the hastle and avoid this product .
 This works about 40 % of the time . And if you want to spend 15mins on the phone waitng to find out that you do not have the cords . And you have no wireless internet , then this is for you !
 I actually had to call up the maker of this product for assistant . The first rep was not willing to help so I called back and got another rep to help . Then I had to return the item because my modem and my cordless phones were interfering with the signal . The rep said it is often the case with this item . So it was a no brainer . The phone and modem stayes and the procuct was sent back .
 I purchased the the Terk LF30-RX add-on to work with a Terk LF-30S System I purchased about 5 years ago . On the surface the two are supposed to be compatible as they opperate on the same frequencies . How ever I was never able to get the either of two add-on units , purchased from different retailers , to communicate with my older system . I spent a half an hour with a Terk technician with no resolution . I would not recommend getting this unit to work with an older base unit .
 What I got does n't look like the picture on the product page and it did n't work with my Leapfrog system when I tried it . I returned it for replacement , thinking it was defective . However , the replacement Amazon sent me does n't work either and I 'm returning it , too . The new version just is n't compatible ; not only does n't it look like the old one , neither the unit nor the box mentions `` Leapfrog '' anymore and the receiver does n't work with the Leapfrog system . Even though the model numbers are the same , something is different ! When I looked this morning someone else just reported the same issue , so it 's not just my setup .
 I bought this receiver because it showed the exact receiver I have and because it was supposed to be compatible with my old leapfrog system , the receiver I got was an updated version and did not work with the old one . It received the signal but no other functionality , changing channels , playing tivo etc. . I sent it back and got a replacement thinking the other was defective . The new one is the same way . So , even though they say it is compatible with the old terk LF-30S system it is not .
 I ordered this item under the impession it would work like all my other wireless devices . The concept is great but the interference is unbearable .
 I already own the claw and ball style 7315 davis and stanford tripod , which is the little brother of this one . I was excited to get a stable tripod that would put the camera lens over 6 ' with grat stability . What Adorama , through Amazon , sent me was a used piece of junk . It was a returned item sent back out to me a full price . It had a bent pan arm , the bubble , for leveling , was defective , it was scratched , and teh head was jittery . None of the characteristics I recieved from my Newegg purchase for the other tripod . Adorama will sell anything . Good or bad .
 I really needed more usb ports and thought this was the answer . I was very careful about hooking everything up . Then the test came I re-booted . After crashing my system it tried switching usb ports same problem . after 4 crashed I took it off my computer , will not replace it with the same type or brand . I een tried itwith only one divice same prolem , just plug it in alone same problem . I think this is the first one star i 've handed out but I in good faith could n't give it 2 stars , ... . to all our vets thank you and welcome home ...
 I 'm constantly having a usb hard drive power down and disconnect from the laptop when run thru this powered usb hub . I would n't recommend it if you have more than one device attached that might require power . So , ultimately this is n't really worth considering .
 This does the job ok . But if you plug in and unplug devices often , then these jacks will drive you up a wall . They are very tight , and far to close together . Look for a better designed one . You 'll be glad you did .
 Not a negative review of the item.Amazon is advertising false warranty claims on this item . They claim it has a life time warranty , when in fact it is only 1 year . Do not purchase this item expecting extended support or replacement as advertised . Amazon does not seem to think that selling items under false pretenses is a big deal.As far as the hub is concerned it seems to be a quality hub . Hopefully it lasts longer than the last two powered hubs I had that just stopped working . Customer service at Amazon is a all time low as of late .
 Fine as a hub , but not enough power to charge my iPad 3 . It does charge iPhone but needs more juice to power up the iPad .
 The item at first seemed to function perfectly , but I just tried it with my ASUS Blu-ray player external drive , and the player keeps spinning up the disk and failing , and then spinning it back down . Plugged directly into the computer 's USB port , the drive works as usual .
 This lockup Problem is Acknowledged by Sandisk Tech Support : If I plug the micro into the USB2 port on the front of my computer the computer will lock . Dead instantly . Frozen screen . It would work fine from the USB2 port on the rear of the computer . I called Sandisk . They said they knew about the lockups -LRB- Caused by the power draw of the micro -RRB- , and I 'd just have to use the rear port ! They said it was my fault/problem ! This is the only thumbdrive I 've tried that causes this problem . Sandisk still sells these things even knowing this is a common issue!ALSO : It 's slow vs. current flash drives . My OCZ purchased to replace this one is between six and twenty times faster -LRB- bigger gain on smaller files -RRB- . And it does n't lock my computer . I gave away the micro -LRB- warning the person I gave it to about the lockups -RRB- . ALSO : When I bought the thumbdrive I also bought the MP3 Player that works with it . The MP3 player was made of such crappy plastic and the battery hatch broke within a month . I was glad because the interface was indecipherable . I have a shuffle now .
 I purchased one of these units and it worked for about two weeks and then just stopped working . I tried it on two separate computers -LRB- work and home -RRB- and it could not be accessed . I googled `` cruzer micro problems '' and found a lot of other people have experienced similar issues . These units are definitely hit or miss , which is n't how it should be . My Lexar flash drive works fine in both computers so I know its not a problem on my end .
 The Cruiser Micro 1.0 Gb comes with three colored -LRB- mine were pink , blue and clear -RRB- sleeves that act as a cap for the device itself . Depending on its current use , they slide on and off the flash drive ... but they slide a bit too easily.So when you 're all out of sleeve , your poor flash drive has nothing to protect it from the harmful elements of your book bag or the static on your sweater when you wear it around your neck.BUT , this flash drive never had a chance to lose all three sleeves . It died randomly when I was trying to save a programming project on it . It started off saving like it usually does , but this this time it took a ridiculous long time for a file that was under 2 Mb . But I let it save anyways without disturbance . After about 5 minutes , it finished , or at least , the save window closed . I opened up Windows Explorer but was unable to access my hard drive . The drive never worked again . Please note that while the drive was connected to my PC it was n't smacked , touched or jarred as my tower is several feet away from all physical motion.On the bright side while it was still working , I enjoyed all that external harddrive space . And the bright LED that lit up was particularly useful when figuring out if data was still being sent from the computer . I did n't care for the programs that came with it , but it had some sort data encrypter if anyone is interested.All in all , I think I got what I paid for .
 If it were , it would have been designed with a sleeve that did n't fall off in your pocket , when you do n't notice it , etc. . It comes with three sleeves -LRB- is this an admission of a design flaw ? -RRB- , and in less than 3 months , I 've lost all three.It 's no longer a portable keychain usb drive , if it 's unprotected in your pocket . If you plan on using this as a daily workhorse , in and out of your pocket , you 'll soon lose the caps and sleeves .
 I owned a 256mb version of the Micro which had the blue light . I smashed it on accident and had to buy a new one . I opted for the 1GB version since Best Buy had it on sale for $ 39.99 after MIR . I bought it , took it home , and found out the U3 software thing could not be removed ... until I searched Google . I found a way to remove it , for good . Besides that , I thought my first drive was defective since the light kept blinking intermittently . My first Micro 's light stayed on constantly unless there was a file being transferred to the drive . I thought it was defective so I returned it for another one . I brought it home , and what do I find out , the light blinks intermittently just like the one I returned and THOUGHT was defective . I guess that 's just how they are now . Why they would make the light blink like that , I do n't know but it 's annoying . The new rubber bodies that the drive comes with suck too . I wish they had stuck with the regular plastic that they had the Micros in .
 I bought the 1 GB SanDisk Cruzer Micro , brought it home , read the instructions that came with it , stuck it into my laptop , and started copying files to it . It copied a few files , and then just froze . It never worked again . If I try to use it , it blocks the computer , which resumes normal work when I take it out .
 It crashed after only a couple of months . Neither my laptop nor my desktop recognize it anymore .
 I actually ca n't rate this product because it only works with Ipods ! Although the description did n't mention that ! So Im stuck with it now !
 This transmitter works pretty well , I live in a fairly large city and when I am anywhere near the city , there is a lot of interference . Sometimes vehicles drive by that have their own transmitter working and it overpowers my signal , so I get their transmission clearer than my own signal.Today , after 4 months of owning it , it has stopped broadcasting the signal to my left speakers , so I am only getting sound on the right side.You get what you pay for .
 This thing will work on one station decently until you take a turn on the highway -LRB- or go under power lines -RRB- and it goes to static . Works better when you hold it , but are you going to hold it while you 're driving ? I do n't like the limited number of preset stations you can tune to either . Plus it transmits the music quietly , meaning that you have to have the volume of your stereo and the player turned way up and sometimes even that is n't the volume I want .
 I went from using a cassette type system to play my blackberry music thru my car stereo . The quality was actually better than this unit . The stations available are pre-set and you can not change them . Unfortunately , the majority of stations are in use locally for me . The remaining stations are fuzzy and moving the phone and unit around in the car create crackling . Bottom line , for under $ 14 I will continue to use it as its good enough for a tone deaf gent like myself . If it ceases to work I will most definitely spend a bit more for stations I can set myself and a bit higher quality . * Two months after purchase this unit blew out my cigarette lighter and rear tail lights ... buyer beware !!!
 This is for a single blank insert . For $ 2.59 I purchased 5 inserts from Ace Hardware , and Home Depot . This is being sold for 5X the going price .
 Somehow I got the impression from the listing that this was a pack of multiple blanks -LRB- that 's my fault -RRB- . I paid $ 2.80 for one stupid tiny piece of plastic . I 've gotten these elsewhere for ~ $ 3 for a pack of 10 .
 I will keep this short and sweet , if you have an HDTV with HDMI input , and you dont want to spend a crap load of loot on Poo Ray or Hd DVD get this player . I bought this from a local retailer for over 10 bucks BELOW fifty , you can do the math . I wondered how it would compare to the Insignia and Zenith players that you can get at BB and CC for around $ 50 . I took it home and proceeded to open the hood . After dropping screws down in my couch , I was sad that this doesnt have the Mediatek chipset which is considered to be the best LOW priced upconversion chip , it did however have the Zoran Vidalis 888 chipset that is also standard in the Zenith and Insignia budget players . So in effect I have the same player that most people pay between fifty and sixty bucks for quite a bit less than FOURTY !!! Not a bad deal at all.I upgraded from a Toshiba SD-3950 which had SEVERE judder and motion artifacts in some sequences -LRB- noteable example when Picard finds Kirk in the Nexus in Generations -RRB- like grass and trees in wide shots and light coming through blinds etc. . I also didnt have a fiber optic out on my old player . This player fixed BOTH of my problems while giving me closer to what my TV SHOULD look like even while enjoying my old DVD 's ! You DO need to have this hooked up with HDMI to pass signals over 480P , which is common in these players . I have 2 minor caveats , 1st this player has blue led 's in the front that look rather stylish but could be a distraction if you watch movies in the dark . I have yet to find a way to dim or disable these manually . 2nd this player has an OBSCURE remote code . I have the One for all URC-8910 and even after upgrading and using the only Protron code that One for all had -LRB- SpectroniQ changed its name from Protron last year -RRB- I couldnt control ANY of my new players functions . I successfully programmed all my major functions into my learning remote though so all is well.If you expect this to be close to HD or Blu ray you will be disappointed , IF however you are like me and like to get the best that you can WITHOUT breaking the bank ? You will love this cheap player that offers VERY decent quality and results at a great price!Crapped out in under a year !
 THis swivel base stays in one position . It swings around , but goes back to the starting spot . I have to prop my TV to make it stay to the side . My 17 inch TV fits on it , but nothing larger . I would not buy it again .
 This is a well-made and beautiful product that does not fit my GoVideo combo VCR/DVD player . I have emailed the seller requesting to return the item and have had no response . If you want a seller who is responsive , do not order from this company .
 Abacus 24/7 did not ship the product they were advertising . The splitter is described as gold plated and pictured with the two outputs in a block configuration . What they shipped was a cheap knockoff , nothing resembling the splitter pictured . I expressed my dissatisfaction to the supplier 's customer service who felt the appropriate solution to their rip-off was giving a 68 cent refund . I have since ordered this same item from another supplier and received exactly the splitter that was listed . This is an excellent item when received from an honest supplier . No more of my business for Abacus 24/7 . Be aware of not only what you buy but where you buy it .
 I bought this so that I could display an image on both my PC and T.V. . The T.V. signal came through allright , but both images were dark and blurry , especially my monitor , to make matters worse , my monitor was no longer autodetected and the resolution dropped . This will do the job , and if you 're using it to play PC games on a larger TV screen it 's actually a decent buy , but if you intend to do work on your PC at the same time , think about getting a powered VGA splitter .
 In order for this product to work with both your monitor and a television you need a high output graphics card -LRB- around $ 400 -RRB- would have been nice if they tell you this . Now I have to send it back and pay my own shipping and handeling
 This is a very expensive and cheap splitter . I own multiple splitters for presentations via projectors and this one I am throwing away because of the great signal degradation that it causes . I believe that the shielding on this cable is insufficient and that is what is causing it to be interfered on as i tried the setup with other splitters and it worked fine with no signal loss .
 Tried this with an emachines W series and an IBM R51 laptop . This device is supposed to split the VGA signal to 2 monitors and while it did , I gave this product only 1 star because the split images were fuzzy . Text could not be read . It did n't pay to return it since shipping costs more than the item . I still needed to split my VGA onto 2 screens so I tried another product , this time spending a bit more and getting a powered splitter which amplifies the signal and this new splitter works fine . Conclusion , this product was defective .
 This is not bad , but if you want a dual screen with different , then this is n't for you . This shows the same screen , but one of the screens becomes very lite and not very good quality .
 product is nice idea , but only for short cable lengths . I have one monitor on a 25 ' extension cable and when plugged into splitter both displays go bad - wavey & distorted images and loss of brightness . Buying a powered video extender instead . At least this was n't super expensive item - one more thing to put in the junk drawer for another time .
 I purchased this so that I could connect my desktop computer to my new TV . The splitter created a double image on my monitor , making it difficult to use . Like another reviewer , I will not return this as return shipping is more than the splitter cost .
 1 . If you are looking for using this product to hook up two monitors to your computers and extend the displays , then DONT BUY . This will only mirror -LRB- duplicate -RRB- the output .2 . Degrades signal quality .
 I had thought that by purchasing this product that I would be able to have dual , extended monitor . Instead it only duplicates the image in one monitor and into another . I should have researched in advance that the issue is not with the connector , but with the video card .
 I 'm using this to split the signal from my pc to my pc monitor and tv . It worked great the first day , had good picture on both the monitor an tv . The second day when I turned my computer on , the picture on the monitor was distorted . I then turned the tv on , the picture on the tv was fine but the monitor was still distorted . I unhooked everything and rehooked just the monitor into the pc and it 's just fine . I ca n't say 100 % it 's the splitter giving me problems cause my moniter , though a flat screen , is pretty old .
 Great product if you just want to dual screen , but 3 monitors is not supported . My fault though , I should have read into it .
 The company was great at refunding my money . However , the product created stretched images on my computer and HDTV . It did not work for my needs
 These are the worst clamshell CD holders I 've ever seen . Cheap , do n't stay closed . Should be avoided .
 I bought this camera for my young nephew as a Christmas gift . Granted the item said new and used , but I was under the impression that this camera would be new ... it was n't . What I found when opening the packaging was a not sealed package , the camera fell to the floor , did not work and came with no instructions whatsoever . My nephew was thrilled to receive a broken camera . DO NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER !
 You pay for what you get . It never worked even out of the box at Christmas . It 's cute , but does n't work . Invest more money for better quality .
 This motherboard has it all . It is easy to configure and/or tweak , simple to configure the IDE and SATA RAID , a convenient backup BIOS , etc. , etc. . I 've scored this motherboard very low because unfortunately , I 've had the same problem with both of the ones I have gotten . The system runs fast and purr 's like a kitten for a while , and then , all-of-the-sudden it wo n't boot . Both times for me it turned out that the problem was in the DDR1 and DDR2 banks ; and now they are both dead . System still runs fine , but only if I take out two of my sticks . I 'd run the systems with top-of-the-line hardware and with both configurations , the same problem . I 'd recommend the DFI LAN Party board instead of this one , I have n't had any problems with that one .
 Already had THREE RMAs.The first time windows would n't boot up , `` Disk Read Error , Please restart . `` sent it in for RMA .2 weeks later they sent it back.EXACT SAME PROBLEM . They did n't Fix a THING . No Documentation NOTHING .2 nd RMA and they finally fixed it.Couple weeks later.On my third RMA , the screen developed bright vertical lines across it . Bending the flimsy screen develops other lines.Tech support tells me to reinstall drivers or do a system restore . They are UTTERLY USELESS . It 's OBVIOUSLY a hardware problem due to the flimsy screen.Sent it in for RMA . They tell me they need to do a system restore.They send it back.I boot up.Windows error message : `` Windows can not start because the file comdlg32.dll can not be found . Re-installing the application may fix this problem '' . AND ANOTHER ONE : `` the system is not fully installed . Please run setup again . `` on top of that , the CD drive can not be detected so I ca n't even boot from the CD.BUY THEIR LAPTOP ONLY IF YOU WANT TO EXPERIENCE HELL . ~ ~ Additionally , their email support is horrendously disorganized . Firstly , a different person responds to your email each time . I 've had tech support people tell me conflicting things . One demanded an inquisition of questions regarding my purchase before issuing an RMA # . After I strongly complained , the next guy finally issued me an RMA # without the inquisition . Ridiculous .
 Do n't use it off the battery - mine lasted less than 30 charge discharge cycles . Tech supprot guy claimed to have designed every part of laptop , then did n't understand Lithuium ION Batteries.External Monitor output is terrible - screen flickers & jitters with all 6 external monitors I have tried.Mousepad does n't work properly with Firefox -LRB- does anyone use anything else -RRB- Flimsy - DVD stopped working - had to twist the base to get it to make contact again.USB power output too low to run external USB drives.If you buy it , you 'll probably regret it
 Do n't buy this computer ! Stay away ! I got this computer as a Christmas Gift and I LOVED it . It was slick , fast , nice looking and totally portable at 4 lbs . It worked great for TWO WEEKS . It flashed me the blue screen of death in the middle of typing an email and then shut down . On restart as windows was loading it flashed the death screen again and officially died - nothing could be done to revive it . Luckily I was still within the CHristmas return policy and the store swapped it for another one in the store ... that did n't charge because of a bad power cord -LRB- broken right out of the box -RRB- . Their customer service is NOT HELPFUL . I am sure it works well , if you can find a model that works but after two failed attempts , I switched for a HP Pavilion Notebook PC -LRB- DV1420US -RRB- and hope that one works out . I have n't gotten it out of the box yet .
 I bought this modem looking for something I could use with caller ID . When I got the modem caller ID did n't work . The documentation said it should . I called tech support at Best Data and they said they did n't know ! Seems they use a variety of chipsets on this modem . Bush league .
 Do not work I see the police before it go off and the State police just forget it it beep as they pass me or I pass them . This is the worse detector I have ever owned . I had a Bell wireless that no longer work because of instant on radar but it works better localy that this piece of junk . a totaly wase of money . I will probaly get a Beltronic soon .
 I love my SP-350 as well as the FL-20 flash however on two subsequent dive trips the fitting on the PFL-01 housing has broken where the cable attaches . Both times I noticed it before leaving the surface and was able to save the FL-20 . The first time Olympus covered it although not without some amount of hassle . I have not even bothered to contact them the second time . The problem is that the fitting and cable attach to the outside -LRB- left side -RRB- of the housing where it can come in contact with any number of things to include the boat as the crew hands the camera to the diver in the water . If they had mounted it on the right it would be somewhat protected . The second time it failed I was being extremely careful because of my first experience . Not sure what it touched but it was certainly not hard contact with anything . Other than that , the housing and flash work great .
 I have not been able to get the flashlight to last more than 60 seconds on the hand-powered generator , no matter how long -LRB- I once tried 10 minutes -RRB- nor how fast I wind it .
 I purchased what I thought was a Nikon EN-El4 Rechargeable Li-Ion Battery in `` good '' condition . Upon recieving the battery I checked to see what kind of condition it was in . The battery has 5 levels of life
 I bought this product for use with myB + W 77mm Kaesemann Circular Polarizer with Multi-Resistant Coating . I simply bought the largest filter size I needed for my lens kit -LRB- 77mm -RRB- and counted on using step down rings for my other lenses -LRB- 67mm in this case for my Canon 70-200mm f/4L IS -RRB- . Every other filter in my camera bag is a B+W and every other filter in my bag has been well worth the high price paid.The product is priced not terribly far -LRB- at least by B+W standards -RRB- from cheaper step down rings . It turns out that this is simply because it 's of similar quality to the cheap products ! The step down ring itself is extremely light and is probably made of Aluminum . I find this completely unacceptable based on the fact that B+W touts -LRB- and somewhat justifies the high price of -RRB- their other filters based on the high quality brass ring . My issue with the Aluminum vs. Brass ring is n't based on vanity or snob appeal , but simply the fact that this ring binds nearly 100 % of the time to any other B+W filter -LRB- the only kind I own -RRB- to which it is attached . For a company with a reputation of making -LRB- probably -RRB- the finest camera filter products in the world , this is completely absurd.I 've even gone so far as to attach this ring to my 67mm lenses first , then gently attach my 77mm polarizer to the front of the step down ring . When doing this , I do n't even screw the polarizer 's threads to the end of their travel within the step down ring . I choose to gently rotate the front element of the polarizer in the `` tightening '' direction without touching either the back ring of the polarizer filter or the 67mm-77mm step down ring . By doing this , the polarizer serves as a `` clutch '' that ensures barely any torque is applied to the polarizer/step down ring interface . NEVERTHELESS , it still sticks ! I 'm an aerospace engineer with a pretty decent technical grasp , so one of the first precautions I took when realizing that this filter was not brass was to be careful not to foul the threads . I ca n't express how irritating this binding problem is in the field.Based on seeing other reviews for this product , it looks like I 'm not the only one with this sticking problem . Some of the other reviewers gave 5 stars to the product despite the sticking/binding -LRB- are you kidding me ? -RRB- . Another review mentions that small metal shavings are present in the threads of their step down ring after use -LRB- again illustrating why Aluminum is unacceptable for this application -RRB- . B+W , as a professional outfitter , should be absolutely ashamed for having released this product . If this amateur user is annoyed at missed photo opportunities because of this binding issue , I ca n't imagine how furious a pro would be.I 've never given a 1 star review on Amazon in my life . This is the first and I 'd happily give zero if possible . There is absolutely no excuse for a company like B+W -LRB- with utmost reputation for quality -RRB- to put out this kind of garbage . As of now , my nearly $ 200 B+W polarizer remains bound to this step down ring !
 It got stuck on the filter and took Channel-Locks to get it off.I had lubricated the threads , I was very careful to not jam or cross-thread it , I used every grippy trick I knew or could think of to get enough of friction to unscrew the cursed thing and eventually got out the tools to spin it loose . Of course that ruined it , and good riddance!Why on earth B&W ; left these smooth and did n't think to machine knurling into these rings so we can all get a grip is a mystery . They really dropped the ball on these.Maybe those specialized , padded , oil-filter removal pliers , might have gotten it off and not destroyed it in the process it , but those are big tools and who 's going to carry them into the field?Since I 'm not the only one with problems removing the rings , I 'll avoid them in the future .
 This ring is thin and light but once it 's on it 's on . I put a circular polarizer on it and there was nothing I could do to get it off . Maybe I should have saved my money and bought the Adorama instead .
 Review what ? I did n't get the step-up ring I ordered ! The package was lost , and Adorama did n't answer my question , why I could n't receive the step-up ring I bought ? Luckily , I wrote to Amazon after couple days waiting , and got the answer . Now I am waiting for the refund .
 After one year of owning this product , the stereo suddenly had a power malfucntion and refuses to turn on for more the 2 seconds . Now I ca n't even get the CDs that were in the system when the power shut off out of the player . Customer service was absolutely no help and refused to give me a service location unless I gave them my credit card . Stay away from this piece of junk system .
 My Sony Micro Hi-Fi CMT-CPX22 tarnishes Sony 's reputation for quality products . From the day I bought the unit the CD player malfunctioned . It had difficulty `` reading '' CDs and would often get `` hung-up '' during play , producing a throbbing , very non-musical sound . I 'm now about to make my third call to Sony Customer Service .
 I had the same issue as the others where the power would come on for 3 seconds and then turn off . Fortunately , it was under warranty , but when Sony sent it back `` repaired '' there was another problem and I had to send it back to them . Now almost 2.5 years after buying it , it stopped working again . The previous Sony unit we owned lasted atleast 10 years . We gave it away in working condition.I would n't buy this model even though Sony generally has a good reputation .
 We have hod one of these for a little over a year -LRB- now out of warranty -RRB- and now the thing wo n't stay on for more than 3-4 seconds . I have not trashed it yet having found a way to repair it by changing a transistor on the motherboard . Luckily I know someone who can do that kind of work , but in general stay away from this thing . It looks and sounds great when it works , but wo n't work for long .
 The data transfer is very very slow . It was n't mentioned at the time of purchase that the product has a USB 1.0 or a 2.0 . I still do n't beleive that this product is a USB 2.0 . I have thrown away the product packing and now has now way to track its specs. , . If you want to purchase this product , check the specifications and then purchase .
 they adversitse at a good price then charge you a ridiculous amount for shipping . Not good business .
 Wow ! What a price for a flash drive , huh ? $ .35 each . . great deal !! I was planning to buy 10 of these for a total of $ 3.50 with an expected shipping price of $ 10 - $ 15 max . When I went to buy it listed shipping as $ 56 ! Still not a terrible price when you divide it up but enough already with the price gimmick !
 Hey guys , this product is being presented as a Nokia charger , but it 's not . It 's just a Made in China replica of the Nokia charger . Mine arrived yesterday , and I was really annoyed after opening the box . I am not going to risk my expensive nokia cell phone just for a 2-3 dollar item . So please do n't buy it .
 First the cord is very short and barely reaches from the outlet to my bedside table . After only a months worth of use it broke when I was trying to unplug the pin tip from the phone . The tip broke right off . I wish they had made these things more durable . Well , you get what you pay for .
 I was not happy with the purchase . It did not work . The old saying is true , `` If it looks to good to be true , then it probably is n't '' . The purchase price plus shipping was less than the cost to return .
 I expected this product to be original Nokia charger as shown in the picture . Once received i found out that its a cheap product that is being made in china .
 I threw the chargers away after trying them out . I ordered 2 and not one worked for my Nokia 6201 . I guess it was cheaper to just get rid of them instead of being hassled with back and forth emails with the manufacturer and the cost of returning the package .
 Received wrong size , AA instead of AAA . finnaly received the AAA batterys , but they would not charge . I have discarded them .
 Yup its a fan , thats about all there is to it . Just do n't microwave the fan .
 I purchased this printer in the early part of 2001 . I was extremely impressed with the photo quality on premium glossy paper . I was also impressed with the borderless capability on 4 x 6 , 5 x 7 and 8 x 10 prints . I now hate this printer and here 's why :1 . Paper constantly misfeeds , sometimes being completely contorted within the machine . This ruins the ink cartridges and is a pain to deal with . Even when it does n't seem to be totally out of line , the paper is often just slightly off horizontal -- you will notice this when printing text near the top .2 . Printer cartridges clog on a continual basis . Now , I realize that if you let your epson puppy sit idle for months , you may indeed need to clean the heads . Ok , well , I am doing this freakin procedure on a daily basis when I 'm using the printer ! I ca n't tell you how annoying this is as it also wastes a large amount of ink each time it goes through the cleansing process . In addition , the cartridges often become out of alignment , forcing the user to go through yet another tedious and long procedure .3 . Do you know how long a borderless 8 x 10 print on premium glossy takes to print ? I 'll tell you because epson wo n't -- roughly 10-12 minutes . You plan on doing a portfolio of say 20 pages ? Good luck . Go to Kinkos and spare yourself the aggravation.Shame on you epson , shame shame shame .
 I was excited by the extraordinary initial quality of the Epson 890 photo printer until I had to change the ink cartridge.The ink cartridges are both equipped with chips that are supposed to monitor ink usage . Unfortunately , when the chip calculates that either cartridge needs to be replaced , you have no option to continue printing . The printer refuses to do ANYTHING until the desired cartridge -LRB- s -RRB- is replaced . Even if you only want to print in black and white with an empty colour cartridge , TOO BAD.Further , if you accidently misalign cartridges when installing new cartridges , you can easily damage the chip sensors . In this case you end up with a printer that wo n't ever acknowledge the insertion of a new cartridge and will thus never print again.Additionally , the colour cartridge is a single cartridge , forcing the replacement of the entire cartridge when any one of the five coulours runs out.My advice
 Its my findings that have led me to this review . If you should have the good fortune to get through you warranty period with your product > Then watch out , here is when the printer will cost you . If you have a question regarding your product from EPSON , it will cost you $ 9.95 a pop for a question . Even if it is only -LRB- HOW DO I CHANGE MY INK CARTRIDGE -RRB- . Their corporate guidelines mandate that they charge you ten bucks to answer that question . Or any question if your product is out of warranty.For this I wish I had never bought my printer from them . Along with tiresome calibration sequences that the thing goes through every time that you turn the thing on , even if it was earlier the same day . My printer does not seem to user friendly , and I feel hassled every time that I go to use it .
 I had this printer for 2 years , then had to trash it when it started printing blue lines across everything . It also had a tendency to smear ink . It is n't smart enough to tell when it 's printing off the paper , which can happen if you 're using poorly documented software -LRB- which includes the software bundled with the printer -RRB- . When it was cooperating , it was great ; but that has n't happened for a few months now . Time for something more reliable .
 Photos printed by this printer have a serious problem . Ink becomes small color patches , similar to a very dry human skin or turtle back . The 4x6 inch photos were printed from digital files of 2700x1800 pixels , with PhotoShop 5.0 interface , and Kodak Premium Glossy , Satin Papers.I have contacted Epson technical support , who first suggested a nozzel check and then printing of some simple colors . Without finding any problem with these two methods , he stated that Epson recommended customers to use Epson papers for best results . However , the problem I encountered was not an issue of good , better or best result . It was a defect . When I asked if this printer only worked with Epson papers , he avoided a direct answer , and repeated his original statement about best results . Later , he even shifted the blame to the PhotoShop software.The printer did come with two pieces of Epson paper - glossy photo paper and heavyweight matte paper . I used these pieces of paper for black-and-white photo printing -LRB- with color mode . with b/w mode the resolution would be lower -RRB- . No patch was found , although the photos looked slightly green . This greenish problem became even more serious when using Epson Photo Quality Inkject Papers.In summary , my printer has the following problems :1 . The color images printed on Kodak Premium Photo Papers are totally unacceptable . If this model only accept Epson papers , then it does not worth $ 270 value . If this is a defect specific to my printer , then the explanation from the Epson technical support was unprofessional and unacceptable .2 . Black-and-white images printed on Epson photo paper and heavyweight matte paper were OK , although they did not seem to be much better than the same images printed by Epson 777 . Since I have used the Epson papers for b/w white printing , I had no way to verified how my printer worked with color images using Epson paper .3 . Both b/w and color photos printed on Kodak Brochure Papers were so bad that they were unviewable.All experiments were done with a correct selection of paper type on the printer interface .
 Here 's the other side of all those Amazon reviews that start with `` I just opened up the box , and the print quality is great !! '' This machine slurps up ink . When the color cartridge runs out , the printer refuses to print anything -LRB- like that black & white page you really need right now -RRB- until you put in a new cartridge . I 'm sure the Epson folks would tell you that the `` right '' approach would be to always keep extra -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- cartridges on hand . Of course , the alternative is to buy a different brand .
 This printer is capable of producing excellent results on Epson paper and with Epson ink . But get ready to spend big money . You never get the print right on the first try . The second try is also a bust . By the third try , you might get something that is somewhat close to what 's on the screen , unless you are trying to hit skin tones . Then you can expect to use up an entire pack of paper and ink cartridge to get one print . Why not just go to the photolab and have it done in the first place?I tried the luster roll paper , and aside from the poor design of the roll paper holder on this cheaply made machine , the results are very nice . But the cost per print -LRB- I got about 12 out of one ink cartridge -RRB- is in the neighborhood of $ 3.50 to $ 4.00 . Considering you 'll make three bad ones for each good one , you 'd still be better off sending them to a lab.I 'm still not sold on digital photography , especially from a professional standpoint . Your time is money , and there is no way you can charge enough for a print to recoup all the time of scanning , retouching , color correcting and making numerous bad prints to arrive at the one good one . If you have lots of time and money , buy this printer . If your time is valuable to you and are trying to make living from photography in this dead economy , let the photolab make the mistakes and concentrate your extra time on marketing.For the person who is a hobbyist , I would assume this printer is all you 'd really need to print family photos and the occasional enlargement . If you can afford it.By the way , do n't try to use off-brand cartridges on this thing . I bought one of the `` fully compatible , made-in-China '' deals from a major ink jet site and it spewed ink all over the machine and ruined part of a role of luster paper . Epson will own your soul if you buy this machine .
 I will try to make this as easy and technical at the same time . I have been using the epson 960 for about month now . The print quality is 4 out of 5 when you have the printer set to 1440 dpi and high quality . The borderless print option is fantastic EXCEPT you get an ink blotch at the very corner of the page where the ink cartridge catches the corner of the paper everytime it goes over to the corner.Now , comes the killer part . The rated lasting period for the color ink cartidge is 300 pages . So you would think 300 pictures , after all this IS an epson PHOTO Stylus 960 , right ? WRONG ! I called Epson and that is 300 pages of low quality paper and 15 % usage of ink on the paper set at a whopping 360 dpi ! They do n't even test these things at 1440 dpi ! What that means in lamens terms is this
 I am sending the Epson Stylus Photo 890 back . I could not make it work , I called Techinical Support which is a toll call , the lady I talked to was very rude , did not know how to help , called her superviser , they told me to call my camera company to get help . It was obvious that it was the printer that was at fault as it would not follow settings . I was very dissappointed . dkuhlmann@huntel.net
 I gave this unit a 2 star rating because it actually is very cool and works as advertised . Two practical problems . Touch screen is frequently `` touchy '' , it does n't want to respond without several attempts . Problem # 2
 I had the 2000 . It 's going in the garbage today . When I first got it 2 yrs ago , there was a defect and philips gave me a replacement , but a refurbished one . I argued to no avail with them . Two years later , this refurbished almost caused a fire . I smelled something melting just before going to bed , it was the pronto in the charger . My friend also had two of them break under normal uasage . They are pooly built and I do n't think a company should replace a one week old unit with a used one.From a usage note . I found the lack of a tactile input a little hard to use.I would hope the new units are ` fire proofed ' but I doubt the company policy has changed . I wo n't be buying any philips products .
 After reading other reviews of these AKG K271 Studio headphones , it sounded like it was time to pounce on a new set of headphones for my home studio , so I got them . I always imagined that the sound quality of my Denon AH-D950s -LRB- discontinued -RRB- were spoiling me , and the AKGs have merely verified that suspicion.I was able to do very direct comparisons to the Denons using my studio headphone amp -LRB- Behringer HA400 -RRB- and quite honestly the AKGs just did n't stand up . They are missing a good deal of the punchiness of the Denons , and I could n't seem to find EQ settings that even came close.I began to wonder if maybe this was a case where the Denons response was merely colored in a way that I like , and that the AKGs flatness might serve me well when it came to mixdown of my own tracks . So I did a somewhat less direct comparison and compared them to my near-field studio monitors -LRB- Alesis M1 Active -RRB- . Again , they did n't stand up . The monitors are designed to have an extremely flat response and the AKGs were hollow even compared to that.Quite simply , I am very disappointed with these cans . For the money , I shall explore a newer Denon or Sennheiser model next time.BTW other aspects of the headphones , comfort , etc , were neutral to good . I was primarily interested in premium sound quality at an affordable price .
 The ink , and the printer it goes into , works ok . The problem is that the ink gets used up too quickly , so the lifetime cost of using this ink with an associated printer is VERY high . Even printing black text soaks up some of the other colors of ink . Buy a printer that uses this ink only if you have deep pockets .
 I recently ordered two of these and both were defective . Its evidently not a good idea to buy print cartridges via the internet .
 August 7 , 2009 - UPDATEI have printed several pages since my first review and I am happy to report that the prints using the black inks have looked much better . At the quality that I am receiving now , I would purchase these cartridges again . I have used the cyan and yellow inks as well and have not had a problem with them . =============== I received these in the mail . They were individually wrapped GENERIC cartridges . So were the colored ones that I ordered from the same company . This is not what is pictured . I opened one up today and the ink leaked all over my hands -LRB- Perhaps I squeezed it when I took off the plastic piece -RRB- . Anyway , I cleaned the cartridge up and placed it in my printer . -LRB- I made sure it was no longer leaking first . -RRB- The print quality is not nearly as good as the original . I am definitely disappointed in my purchase .
 I was very disappointed to discover that this cartridge is not recognized in my Canon MP600 , despite what the product description says . Will definitely not order from this company again . Waste of time and money !
 I thought what I was getting was a Cannon product and found out it was a generic brand when I recieved it . It is working OK , however got ink all over my hand when I went to install .
 To date this has been my worst experience with printer ink cartridges . I ordered two of these cartridges from this seller . The first failed within a few days of use . The second , when removing the plastic cap on the product before installing it into the printer , spilled ink everywhere . I have used inkjet cartridges for many years and have never had that kind of experience . Look elsewhere for your ink purchases .
 The price you pay for ink is so high and they make it close to impossible to buy non oem tanks . Amazon seems to have the best price though and they make ordering easy .
 This ink is crap . It comes in a plain white box but the seller `` claims '' it is authentic Cannon original . When I opened one to install in my printer , black ink poured out all over my hand . I have NEVER had any ink cartridge do that to me . Wrote to the seller , but have not received a reply .
 I ordered this and received a single cartridge package . The package bar code hada new bar code label on it that said it was a 2-pack . It could be a scam . Not sure yetbut it is a big hassle to not get the right merchandise . Buyer beware !
 Got these at the end of August and I dont do that much printing and ONLY lasted 3 months.Spending $ $ $ X 4 each year-Ridiculous ! I am going to look for ones that can at least last double the length of time .
 Well , my printer worked beautifully until I installed one of these cartridges . I had used the same ones before without any problems , but this time every print is defective , with a dash-dot pattern and smeared ink . there 's . Should have just ordered the cheap knock-off cartridges afterall .
 Amazon recommends this ink for the Canon MP620 . It is NOT the right one . You would need a 220 ink for the MP620
 This is the first cannon that I 've used that has the chip on it to track ink usage and all that -LRB- to make it harder to refill -RRB- , however , something went awry and now it thinks it 's a different color , and my printer keeps reporting errors . This happens almost every time I print -- and by removing and reinserting it a couple times , it 'll eventually recognize it as the right color . But then , after a couple printouts , it decides its the wrong color again and I have to open the print , pull the cartridge , put it back in , close the lid , wait for it to do it 's dance , then wait for either another error message or the printout to come.I used to love this printer , but I hate how companies try to bilk $ $ from you for their overpriced ink -LRB- i think it 's in the thousands of dollars a gallon on profit -RRB- -- and now that they 're using chips to force your buying decision , it 's just a dirty move on their part , and another point of failure in the system.Alas , you still screwed as there are n't other options -- perhaps sending letters of disappointment to cannon might do something , though I doubt it .
 Very very upset that I ca n't return this WRONG Ink pack . When ordering printer , I also ordered the `` suggested '' ink as a back up . Well , by the time the printer ran out of ink and I went to put in the `` suggested ink '' , low and behold `` WRONG INK '' . Now , it `` s too late to return .
 Amazon recommended Canon PGBK-5 ink for my new Canon Pixma 620 printer . I ordered it from Amazon , and the ink came from Antonline . It was n't until I had already opened the package and tried to install the ink that I realized it was the wrong size -LRB- too big -RRB- . Antonline would n't accept a return because the package had been opened . Be warned - if you want to buy black ink for the Canon 620 printer , the correct ink is PGBK - 220 .
 Received the wrong damned ink cartridges . Supposed to be PG-210 series not PGI-5 . Could n't find return envelope so did n't bother sending them back .
 The tabs that lock these cartridges in place were missing rendering them useless . It really does n't matter much what the ink or brand is . If the thing sucks , it sucks ,
 I ordered and was billed for a Canon PGI-5 BK 2-pack but received only one cartridge in a 1-tank sized box that had a 2-pack label on the bottom of the box . The package weighs 2.15 ounces . A 2-cartridge box should weigh about 4 ounces.I just noticed that the picture of the box on Amazon 's web site shows a picture of two cartridges on the front of the box . The picture on the box I received shows only one cartridge.Amazon refused to send just one additional cartridge , but insisted instead on sending a replacement 2-pack . They want me to then send back the incorrectly labeled product that I have.My concern is that they will send another 1-tank cartridge also incorrectly labeled as a 2-pack , and I will be expected to return one while being billed for 2 , or requested to return both without having a cartridge to use.I can understand if a shipping clerk carelessly filled a 2-pack order with a 1-pack by mistake -LRB- as mistakes can happen -RRB- , but the mislabeled box leads me to suspect that there may be many such mislabeled boxes at Amazon.I hope I am wrong and this is just a one-of-kind problem , but I suspect that the incorrect label was applied to at least however many boxes there were for that particular batch of cartridges .
 I was n't happy with my order , and that is why I 'm giving it only 1 star . I hope they will improve .
 I used to have it years ago when I had it installed in Win98 but not too sure of its compatibility with Windows XP-SP2 . Creative Sound Blaster Live ! 5.1 PCI Sound Card SB0200 is one of my favorit sound card that I ever had -LRB- old is gold lol -RRB- and here I 've placed my order once again but not sure whether it gon na work on XP-SP2 , also not sure whether or not the driver is available coz Creative doesnt continue it anymore.I welcome users to write on it.thx . .
 I had high hopes for the Kata H-12 holster case , but it barely held my Canon 5D with a standard lens . The side pockets would not hold my zoom and wide angle lenses . The H-14 may be roomier and work better , but instead I opted for the Lowepro Off Trail belt pack which is more modular and worked well while I covered a concert event .
 Very bulky and bad design . No SLR camera does fit in it comfortably . Shall not be advertised for SLR cameras . Cheap workmanship . Does not worth the price .
 This seems like a pretty cool gadget , although it does n't hold an iPod Nano . The description makes it sound like it holds any iPod
 Do n't buy this if you intend to use it with an iTouch . It does n't fit , and certainly not with any sort of case on it .
 The idea is clever , clip the beefy holder to your vehicle 's heating duct vent . This is accomplished with two little clips . The problem is that if your vents swivel VERTICALLY in addition to horizontally , when you put your Ipod on the holder , the weight of the Ipod swivels the vent downward so that your iPOD is now facing toward the floor . Other than jamming something in the vent to prevent this , there is no easy way to fix this problem ... AND it is VERY hard to get the clips off ... SO - take a good look at your car first . If your vents swivel VERTICALLY then I 'd really think twice about trying this ... . BTW my vehicle is pretty standard , a Toyota Tundra .
 The advertising here is such misleading . It said it can used to most of the devices , but when I received that from J&R , I found only one adapter without any tips inside . So basically if I want to use it , I have to spend more to purchase the tips for my laptop and DC . This is just like a trap , to make you spend extra money , and you will never end with the product you want . So , go to another product , dont trust this .
 I have owned this display for eleven months . It is a nice product until it fails . Mine has failed twice . Then you are relegated to Dell Hell . I bought a five-year advanced exchange warranty for the product yet it is nearly impossible to enforce . Dell requires a SERVICE TAG to talk , email , or chat with them . Displays do n't have them . You must call customer support , be subjected to long holds , and serviced by people who are unintelligible and incompetent . They will then botch the call requiring you to start and repeat the process over and over again . You feel you are caught in the movie , `` Groundhog Day '' . My latest adventure has gone on for six hours over three days . They shipped the replacement display to the wrong city although I verified and re-verified they have the correct address . Unless you enjoy pain , do not buy from Dell . I still do n't have the replacement.AVOID DELL UNLESS YOU ENJOY PAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Purchased a computer and 24 '' monitor direct from Dell . Got the computer in a week , the monitor never showed . A couple dozen emails , phone calls - one customer service rep actually asked me to call back when their systems came back online - and no monitor . Fed Ex finally admitted it was stolen off their truck - informed Dell , no monitor . They are the worst - online and offline - so if you have a problem you are on your own .
 The Dell 2407WFP has a bad power button , which appears to be an inherent design flaw in the product . Note that even under pretty light usage , it went bad . Do a google search for `` 2407WFP power button '' and you 'll gets lots of results showing others having the same problem . Otherwise , it has been a nice display , love the 24 '' size and 1920x1200 capability .
 I loved this display until it stopped working . Owned it for 13 months before the power button broke and the monitor was stuck in the off position . A quick search will reveal that this is not an isolated incidence but clearly a design flaw . Keep looking and you 'll find many posted workarounds . An apparently not so uncommon problem with the power button is that it somehow becomes loose and twists out of position . I used a safety pin to reorient the button allowing me to turn the display on but the button easily spins and stops working again . Luckily I found lots of good advice online . One post suggested using tape to keep the button in position . Another post suggested plugging the display into its own power strip and using that switch to turn it on and off while yet another suggested never turning the display off at all . If you 're looking for a nice display at a reasonable price and do n't mind this sort of nonsense then this product is for you .
 I use a MAC and the product description says that it is compatible with MAC but the fact is it works only with windows so if your a MAC user spend your money on another product
 This Opteka telephoto lens is made in China and is very poor quality.All my shots had lots of distortion and chromatic aberration.Your pictures look like they were taken on a toy camera with a very bad plastic lens.This was a complete waste of money !
 What can I say , you get what you pay for . The thought of extending my P712 's already amazing 12X zoom by 2.2 X for a total of 26X was very attractive at this price point . Unfortunately , the optics fall far short of superb . Chromatic aberations abound despite the `` HD '' coating , and the sharpness drops off towards anywhere near to a third from the edge of the image.I had a pair of plastic binoculars as a child . The optics on this unit performs similarly . The price point is the real seller here . But if you 're interesting in taking sharp , high quality photos get the pricier , but infinitely superior Kodak telephoto for the P850/P712 . To the seller 's credit , they did include the lens adapter . I may find a use for this lens , but can not really recommend it .
 this part didnt fit easily , then turned it on and it burnt within 30 seconds.I returned it , they threw me around like they did n't care too much , then sent a check that had the wrong date , could n't cash it , then finally sent a good check.good waste of 2 months of projector use and a few bucks wasted!all parts are not factory and will not work like they should ... stay away ...
 I bought this product thinking of an air conditioned for the cpu . Results :1 . - Frequently stops due to overheating . Cause
 My Dad purchased this item for my daughter . While on a road trip this weekend we noticed a strong smell . It was this DVD player ! It is now totally warped and burned inside and out . Save your money ; what a disappoinment ! And , as other readers said , their is no customer service - the website no longer exists and the phone number is disconnected .
 I bought this during Black Friday at ToysRUs . After only 6 months , the battery died so it was n't exactly `` portable '' anymore and you ca n't get a replacement battery . The company is a no-name company that 's impossible to contact . The LCD screen flickers on & off . Like other reviews have mentioned , the sound is awful . Junked it and got a Magnavox for the same price .
 I got this DVD player during an after Thanksgiving sale for around 60 dollars . I thought it was a great deal for a portable DVD player . We bought it to use on long car trips for the kids to watch movies . I thought it was fine initially , I did n't really notice any problem with the volume . However , after using it on approx 5 car trips , it will now only work if we use a piece of duct tape to hold the lid down over the DVD . Some sensor went bad and even if the lid is closed it still says it 's open . Some might wonder why I did n't call customer service for help . Therein lies the main reason I give this product 1 Star -- NO CUSTOMER SERVICE . I tried the number in the manual - I get a recording that the number is not in service . I looked up Spectroniq 's website and tried that number also got the same message no service . I will never buy a product by this company again , and I feel really bad for people who bought expensive products from them .
 I bought a Spectroniq dvd player so I could let my kids enjoy their movies both in the car on trips and in the house so there would be less fighting at movie time . Well , it worked `` ok '' from Nov until today , then it just stopped working . Would n't even turn on . Customer service just told me that there was a 90 day warranty on it and after that I would have to have it checked out by a serviceman . For my money and I hope yours , I will not buy another product from this company .
 I bought one of these and it worked well for about a month -LRB- if that -RRB- . Now I ca n't use it because everytime it has lines across the screen and it stops working . A piece of junk ! Save your money !
 I paid $ 99 through HSN . It came with battery , two sets of earplugs , an earphone splitter for two sets of ears , various cables , including a car adapter and AC/DC charger , remote and a free heavy-duty carrying case . I thought I was getting a great deal.The picture is fantastic . Sharp and clear . The battery was sufficient for a two + hour movie.The sound , however , stinks . Even with the volume turned all the way up , the sound comes out as a whisper . The earplugs provided made the sound louder , but they are uncomfortable , button-type earplugs . I tried a set of over-the-ear plugs , but the sound did n't register as well . So , I bought a small set of Sony external speakers at WalMart for $ 9.99 , figuring that would solve the volume problem , but they did n't help either . The sound barely registered through them , so I 'll have to return those speakers to the store.I connected the DVD to my computer speakers . The sound came out loud and clear , but it is n't practical to lug those big speakers around . I bought this DVD player because I wanted portability.I am puzzled as to where to turn next . I do n't care how great the picture is . If you have to strain to hear the movie what good is a clear picture?I am more than a bit disappointed with this machine .
 I 've used this dvd player maybe 20 times and it slowly quit working . I could hear it stopping and starting at times , then it would start freezing up , then the picture would disappear and come back , and now the picture wo n't come up at all but the sound still plays . I really liked this dvd player and I 'm very sad and disappointed that it is no longer usable since I feel like I paid good money for it . Now that I 'm unemployed I ca n't afford to buy another one : -LRB-
 We bought this battery to replace our original camera battery . When this battery arrived we charged the battery for 10 hours prior to using it , as the instructions states . After charging it we tested it and took a few shots and found that it worked with our camera so we turned the camera off . The next day we tried to turn on the camera , but it did not turn on so we charged the battery again . Once it was done we placed it back in the camera to test , it worked , we turned it off ... and I think you know what happened the next day.Giving this a one star because this battery does NOT hold a charge for very long .
 I have purchased non-Canon batteries in the past and they 've worked well . Not so with these . From day one , they have not held a charge . Incredibly , I noticed as I was packing for a trip that they weigh a fraction of what the Canon batteries weigh . You can squeeze them and compress them with your fingers , which of course is impossible with a proper battery . Clearly they are skimping on the substrate . They will leave you angry and ripped off . They are completely useless .
 The battery comes pre-charge for the 1st use . But it wo n't recharge with my Cannon G2 factory charger . I bought the double pack incase one of them decide not to come back . Both of them decided not to come back . It 's a POS . thanks for reading . try out the Lenmar -LRB- DLC 511 -RRB- see what you think .
 Well obviously since I just bought battery I ca n't comment on lifetime or quality yet.However I have a cautionary story . When I ordered my Cannon EOS 40D from some website in NY or NJ I asked for a second battery . I was charged $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a second battery but it was THIS one not a real Cannon battery , so the guy screwed me by sending me a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- battery and charging me full Cannon price.The Cannon battery is still going strong after 2 + years the `` non-Cannon '' battery lasted about a year . For less than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks that 's OK . Just DO N'T let it sit discharged for long periods of time .
 It does not last nearly as long as the rated Ah implies . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This was my first charger and I liked a lot of its features . It has the attachments to become a car charger or a home charger , it has a door that can close to prevent dust/damage when it 's in transit . It also has the absolute best system I 've seen to date of changing from AA to AAA battery charging . It uses a flip-down tab thing that 's hard to describe , but suffice it to say that the batteries are extremely easy to get in and out . My major gripe was that like with most chargers , you must charge in pairs , either two or four at a time.On the flip side , the thing is not very durable . I used mine lightly for maybe a year and now it refuses to charge batteries . I put in a dead pair of Energizers and the charger light turned green , meaning fully charged , in less than ten minutes . Testing them , of course showed they were still dead . I think something 's wrong with the sensor . It may have been screwed up from the beginning , as the batteries never did give me much run time in my camera . I threw away some batteries thinking they were bad , but those two I mention testing ? I tried 'em in another charger and they worked perfectly after that . Whoops.While this did n't happen to me , I feel I should also mention my parent 's experience . They left some batteries in the charger , possibly to long knowing them , but regardless they blew up . It was just described to me as a loud pop and one side of the charger being blackened and not working , though the other side was still charging.Spend a few bucks on a better charger , stay away from Digital Concepts .
 Do n't buy this , it 's a total waste of money.As previous reviewers have said , it 's garbage and does not work.Batteries get hot but do n't have any charge no matter what brand is used . You would get longer life out of regular batteries .
 after using for only a few times , the power supply burnt out.bought another power supply , burnt that out after unit got very hot.need to be a professor of engineering to figure out the led light system , very confusing . . would not reccomend this is ... . this is a totally crap product all the way ... sakar sucks ...
 I purchased this unit after researching rechargeable batteries and the quirks of my digital camera . After at least 5 full 14 hour charge cycles , I was still only able to get about 10 shots -LRB- sometimes less -RRB- before the `` dead battery '' warning and camera shutdown . -LRB- I had used other batteries successfully so I was confident that the problem was not with the camera . -RRB- Seeking a clue , I called Sakar . -LRB- I had been to the website first
 My other charger takes several hours to charge , which can often be a pain , so I decided to try this one . It 's okay if you need a few batteries in an emergency . But if you need to take a few hours worth of pictures , you 'd better be ready to keep loading the charger time and time again to recharge . I get about a half hour 's worth of picture taking without using my flash.I 'll stick with my other charger . Takes a whole lot longer , but at least the batteries last for quite some time . Not at all happy with this purchase .
 I have had this charger for about 6 years.This is a fast charger . It has charged my batteries in 15-20 minutes . At least thats how long the charge would last until it said it was done.This is what this charger is intended to do , BUT ... Charging batteries this fast is NOT good for the batteries.I was only getting about 7-10 photos with my camera before it was saying that the batteries were dead . I was blaming the camera for this , thinking there was a short or something.Turns out that it is NOT the camera but the charger . These batteries need longer charge times to cycle properly . They will eventually burn out the batteries.This charger is only good if you absolutly need somewhat charged batteries in a hurry.Otherwise get a longer charging system .
 when i received this item i opened it and plugged it in n followed the directions to let it charge for 16 hours before 1st use . it did not charge the batteries and the charger itself does not work . dont buy this product !
 * This is a 1000ma charger , which will cook 2 or 4 batteries at a time . It simply chargers them too fast , with too high amperage , with too much heat generated . * If you only want a fast charge , it 's fine . If you want long lasting batteries , try the MAHA 401 . 201 , or RipVan 4000N . I own all three , plus a Collett . * I use AAA and AA NiMH batteries in motorcycle communicators , MP3 players , digital camera , Garmin GPS . I got this Digital Concepts charger for Xmas . It is the worst of the four I own for prolonging battery life , but does charge fast for quick tops offs .
 I purchased this unit after researching rechargeable batteries and the quirks of my digital camera . After at least 5 full 14 hour charge cycles , I was still only able to get about 10 shots -LRB- sometimes less -RRB- before the `` dead battery '' warning and camera shutdown . -LRB- I had used other batteries successfully so I was confident that the problem was not with the camera . -RRB- Seeking a clue , I called Sakar . -LRB- I had been to the website first
 I recommend you NOT purchase this product . I charged 6 sets of batteries before a trip and discovered that the amount of charge I got from this charger gave me only enough juice for 2 photographs - without flash ! Thankfully , I had a set of batteries I charged with a different charger , that had been sitting in my flash attachment for 2 weeks . I took those batteries out , put them in my camera , and they lasted the rest of the day . Ca n't even give this one star because the company leads you to believe that your battery is charged when the fact is , it 's only charged enough for 2 or three photos . This is based on the usage in RAW mode in my 5 mpx camera .
 I bought these with my digital camera a little less than 2 years ago and looking back , these are absolutely horrible . The worst being last week when one of the batteries exploded while in the camera.This being my first set of rechargable batteries I did n't know what to expect . Like everyone else has said , these things get very warm during charging and they do not last very long . At least not in my digital camera , which is an Olympus C-4000 . They have absolutely zero shelf life . Do n't expect to use them a day or 2 after you charge them . If I could have given them 0 stars , I would have .
 For those cold days you can warm your batteries and insert them in the fingers of your gloves . Just do n't expect them to have a charge that lasts longer than 3 minutes in your digital camera . I 'm picking out something different .
 While the model I bought is similar to this one -LRB- CK1005 -RRB- it is doing the same exact thing everyone else reports . I tried charging all my rechargable batteries a couple of times with this charger and NONE of them work in my digital camera ! At first I thought it was my camera until I put two ordinary AA batteries in it and it worked fine ! What a waste of money . I 'm buying a better more reliable brand . Thanks everyone for your reviews , otherwise I would n't have known what was going on !
 I bought an 8 pack of these batteries to use with my Monster brand battery charger . I thought there was an incompatability issue until I started researching this brand of batteries . They would `` charge '' , appear to have a full charge . Within a day or two of just sitting on my workbench they were dead . If I used them right after charging they worked for a few minutes then die . These batteries SUCK .
 This unit charges batteries very fast -LRB- Hence the name Rapid Charger -RRB- , It does make the batteries very hot during charging , I believe that it might damage the batteries in the long run , But so far it seems to work correctly , The provided 4 batteries are only 2000mAh -LRB- * New Updated * -RRB- which are worthless , My 4 year old Creative 1800mAh Batteries are better even after all these years of use . -LRB- You get the point ? -RRB- The A/C adapter is good for only 120V AC , wish it had dual A/C selection switch for use in other countries , Car Charger adapter is added bonus , But that is rarely used . There are better products out there , But for the Price I think it does it 's job okay .
 This scope is not a good starter scope for anyone interested in astronomy . Here 's why :1 . The objective is too small , only 60 mm , 2.36 inches , so it is too small to bring in the light necessary for even a beginning look at the universe . I suppose it is adequate for the moon , but that is it . The planets will appear as very small disks . One will be able to see Saturn 's rings , but the image will be very small . Forget it for deep sky objects , clusters , galaxies , etc. 2 . The mount is an altazimuth , which will not follow the celestial object in the sky . The earth is rotating , and anyone focusing on a star or moon will quickly find the object drifting out of the field of vision . A better mount is an equatorial mount which makes it much easier to track objects .3 . The mount will vibrate when touched , which will cause the image in the eyepiece to `` shiver '' , which is very frustrating.Even for the low price , do n't be enticed by this scope ; it has too many flaws . Save your money for a larger scope with a better mount.Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig , astronomy buff
 A piece of real -LSB- ... -RSB- . Never even think of buying this.After lot of difficulties , I could finally point it to the moon . I only saw white light through its eye-piece as much as I can see with my naked eyes !!! The eye piece is so small , it seems as if I poked a hole on a piece of paper and watched a portion of the moon through the paper . And I paid so much money to see that -LSB- ... -RSB- ? Then I focussed on a distant star . It just appeared as it would appear through a 4x cheap binocular.Believe me , do n't buy a telescope if you live in a city and have enough `` noise '' from other light sources . If you live in a country side , you 'd better buy a better telescope and not this -LSB- ... -RSB- . I finally sold it on ebay and bought a good pair of Nikon binocular . The moon looks awesome through the Nikon binoculars . Read my other review on Nikon binoculars .
 i ordered one of these it took a week and a half to ship from BROOKLYN , NY to Bergen County , NJ ... less then 15 miles ... item Arrived in a bubble wrap envelope no packaging Broken -LRB- flash shoe missing screws and falling off and the other bent -RRB- looking USED -LRB- scratchs on the mount track and wear -RRB- Save your money buy better or from somewhere else OH AND TO ADD INSULT TO INJURY THEY WANT ME TO PAY SHIPPING BACK SO THEY CAN LOOK AT IT ... SHIPPING WILL COST JUST AS MUCH AS BUYING A NEW ONE ... FROM SOMEWHERE ELSE
 this item is pretty much useless , as the flashmounts are backwards . If used on the left side flashes will be pointed towards the rear of the camera . If used on the right side , you are unable to reach the shutter button due to the flash . The screws holding the flash mounts on protrude into the mount area , so the flashes wo n't mount to begin with . Overall , a poorly engineered and executed product .
 The cradle works fine as a holding device and a power charger , providing you have the power charger cord that came with the camera . The cradle comes with an HDMI cable and a remote control . However , I was disappointed that it did not come with a USB cable or a power cable . The USB cable for this camera is proprietary , and I had misplaced mine . The main reason I bought the cradle was to get another USB cable , as I could not find one anywhere . I was surprised that there was no USB or power cable in the box-the instruction booklet says to hook the cradle to your computer with the cable that comes with the camera . Not too helpful . I solved the problem by buying a USB card reader for $ 19 at Best Buy and hooking it up to my Mac , then reading the camera card . Not as convenient , but it works .
 Per the website of the manufacturer , you can not use this product with XBOX 360 . I had no idea , even with adapters you can not use it with the 360 . I bought the product and it said that it is pretty generic to work on any system . However , per the below snip-it from the manufacturers site , it is not compatible with live . I guess this can only be used for PC and PS3 . They really need to make that clearer . I definitely felt ripped off . It says that it wo n't work with live but comes with a mic ? Man what is the point ? I would just use my stereo phones in that case . Waste of time and money.Per the manufcturers site : < strong > Computer Gaming Headphones NOT compatible with the Xbox : < / strong > - EarForce X-51 - EarForce X-52 - EarForce HPA - EarForce HPA2 - EarForce SPC < < ------ this one - ANR-10 - ANR-20The above may be used with the Xbox for Stereo listening only -LRB- No Live -RRB- . Also , although they would look quite funny , they may be used with the iPod , again for Stereo listening only .
 may be my error . cant really remember its it was advertised for 360 or not but that was the reason i got it and it was n't .
 so i bought these subs and they showed up a fewe days late which is no big deal , but after the hours of work that i put intomy car to get these set up for it , during initial test runs we figure out that one of the `` brand new '' subs were broken and blown already . so i had to ship them back which took a week and it took them 2 weeks to recognize it and ship it back and another week for me to receive it , and they didnt upgrade me or discount anything . the ones i got afterwards work but the amp they come with is way tooo weak . i run a 600 with the 400 it comes with and push about 500 to each instead of 200 to each and it says way better . fyi
 I hooked the amp up and it wouldnt do anything it has power in all the Places its supposed to major disappointment i dont even know how it sounds yet .
 I bought this printer in March 2002 and the price was very right for the features . I particularly like the duplex printing feature . However , be forewarned that Brother does not provide good Mac support or drivers . Not all the features are supported on Mac computers.What I do n't like is , the build quality is cheap cheap cheap . Very cheap plastic trays that do n't slide in and out easily . When printing card stock , the stock gets caught on a lip on the back of the printer and will cause a jam if you do n't stand there and manually guide & remove each page . On one occasion , a regular page got stuck in the drum and I had to replace it at a cost of over $ 150 . Suddenly this printer is not such a bargain .
 I purchased this product January 13th . My charge card was charged the full purchase price within minutes . Still 2/9/4 and no produce . I have emailed American Solutions twice so far and not even a confirmation response let alone and answer . Amazone says I must wait 30 days well that is four days from now and I want my money back .
 I love the Brother HL-1850 printer
 I have owned the Brother HL-1240 Laser Printer about a year now . I have no quarrels with the printer itself , but the cartridges are a real pain.The first four cartridges I used the 3000-copy cartridge . They ran out really quickly , so I shifted to the TN-560 6000-copy cartridge.Here is the amount of copies I got on the four 3000-copy cartridges
 I had the same problem with these cartridges as the other reviewer . I think this especially stinks since you are stuck buying Brother ink cartridges if you own a Brother printer .
 This was not an OEM toner as I knew it would n't be . However , the quality of the refilled cartridge was mediocre at best ,
 I bought this bag for taking to soccer games , skiing , and other outdoor activities . When it arrived I found it extremely capable of holding a lot of equipment , but perhaps too much so . I found it to be heavy , bulky and cumbersome . It appeared to be well designed , but I could not imagine using it as it was almost as large as the standard shoulder bag from Cannon strapped onto my waist . I returned it along with Tenba waistpack and kept the Kata Digital Rucksack and the Tenba Mixx Shoulder bag instead . If I did n't mind the weight , the design was nice and well thought out . Like my Kata backpack , the yellow inner fabric is wonderful for seeing what you have . I might recommend it for a person with a large build that can handle 10 lbs of drag on their waistband .
 I have yet to receive this order & I have not received a credit . I have filed an A-Z Claim . Still no info . DO NOT buy from this Company !
 I bought this card about three months ago . I have not been able to put more than 1.45 GB on it to date . I may have gotten a lemon , but sometimes price does equal quality .
 NOT ALL SELLERS ARE WHAT THEY SEEM ! BEWARE OF EXTREMELY HIGH SHIPPING CHARGES!SOME DEALERS OF THESE ARE EXCELLENT SELLERS ... CHI-TEK IS MOST CERTAINLY NOT ONE OF THEM ! IF YOU BUY MORE THAN ONE , THEY WILL HAPPILY SHIP THEM TOGETHER -LRB- TO SAVE THEM MONEY -RRB- BUT YOU WILL STILL PAY THE SAME EXORBITANT SHIPPING PRICE FOR EACH AND EVERY ONE ORDERED ~ I ORDERED 4 AND WAS CHARGED ALMOST $ 30.00 FOR SHIPPING!WHEN I CONTACTED CHI-TEK THEY WERE EXCEPTIONALLY RUDE AND NASTY ! THEY STATED `` IT 'S THE WAY WE SURVIVE IN A COMPETITIVE MARKET '' -LRB- BY CHEATING CUSTOMERS ... -RRB- I RECIEVED 4 CARDS -LRB- ALL HAPHAZARDLY CRAMMED INTO ONE SMALL ENVELOPE -LRB- NO PROTECTIVE PACKAGING AT ALL -RRB- WITH POSTAGE OF LESS THAN $ 3.00 ... TWO OF THEM WERE'NT EVEN IN PROTECTIVE BOXES!THIS IN NO WAY REFLECTS THE QUALITY OF THE CARDS MADE BY SANDISK-THEY ARE OF THE HIGHEST QUALITY AND WORK PERFECTLY ... JUST BEWARE OF SELLERS LIKE CHI-TEK AND YOU 'LL BE FINE !
 Ca n't tell you anything about the product since it NEVER ARRIVED . This is my second bad experience with this company , in that small items get lost in the mail .
 the list price sounds too good to be true , right?DOn ' t order from this company ; they charge 9.95 to ship two 2GB cards.Run , flee to another vendor . Buyer beware !
 We purchased two this item . Each cost $ 11.58 . The cost for USPS shipping was outrageous !! The item weighed 1oz and we were charged $ 12.98 . Even with handling charges the total probably should have been $ 5.41 -LRB- .41 for 1 oz w/USPS -RRB- . Needless to say we will NOT be doing business with this company again .
 The price looks good , yes . But the shipping in small print is * per card * . I just bought 3 of these very tiny and light objects -LRB- at $ 3.49 from ABX ProTECH -RRB- , did n't pay close attention to the shipping cost - my responsibility , I know , but I was buying loads of things at once and managed to overlook this - and now regret at my leisure the $ 15 shipping fee . Ouch . My local shop with its tax and my travel time & expense would have been cheaper and faster .
 This is insane . 6 cards will cost you $ 35 shipping . Why does n't Amazon stock these instead of subbing out to these ripoff companies ?
 I am 100 % sure that this product is excellent , but please do not buy it from ChiTek . You will be better of buying it from another seller . There are many sellers on Amazon selling this same product and even at cheaper prices . I had a very bad experience with this seller , they mess up with my order , charge me for it and I never received the item because they wrote a wrong address on the item box , when they obtained my address from Amazon records ??? And after they realiced they made a mistake they cancelled my order and did not enven told me about it . Just do n't buy it from ChiTek .
 I ordered a 2GB memory card for a camera , and was kept in the loop on shipping , etc. . However , I never got the package . I contacted ChiTek and was told to check with all my neighbors and the Post Office to see if it was mis-delivered . I did all that , no one had seen the package , and since the tracking code shows `` delivered '' -LRB- to whom , I do not know , but certainly not to me ! -RRB- , ChiTek says tough luck . Now I have to do a VISA chargeback over a lousy $ 22.43 order . Lucky it was n't higher.With ChiTek 's lack of concern , I will certainly NEVER buy anything that comes from them again , and I advise each of you to consider this hassle before you do , too .
 This card died on me about two months after I bought it . I do n't know that I did anything to cause the problem , but I was using it in my motorcycle GPS so this card may not be built to withstand the vibrations and environmental conditions that I exposed it to . I have used other SanDisk cards in the past without problems .
 Ordered a card on Dec 26 and never received it . Tracking number says it was sent on Dec27 but not delivered by Jan 20 . No response to email to the company .
 Whoever sold me this product failed to tell me that I would have problems . When I tried to use it , it said that the card was full but there was nothing on it . I had several people try to fix it and it could n't be fixed . They told me to ship it back , but I do not have time to get to the post office . This EEk Technology will get no more of my business .
 Was going to order a several to keep on hand . The price is great . But when i got to cart the shipping was over $ 40.00 for 8 little cards !! unreal .
 Unfortunately I was never able to load this card to my camera . It had to be returned , and I was charged a restocking fee , for what I feel was nothing I did .
 I bought the product a little suspicious about the deal . When I received the product , the SD memory card was defective . I contacted the seller and no response was returned . First and only disappointing Amazon purchase thus far . The defective product collects dust on my desk now .
 The product that was sent was misordered . It should have been the 2 GB SanDisk Micro memory card.Permission was secured to return the card . It was returned in the original package plus an additional envelope . It has now been about three weeks since it was returned via the US Postal Service . The vendor has not acknowledged receipt of the item .
 I thought this was a great price , so I put six in my shopping cart along with six of the promotional `` free '' card readers . Upon checkout I discovered that the shipping charge was over $ 78 , tripling the effective price ! A whopping $ 6.49 for each SD card plus $ 6.49 for each `` free '' card reader . Look before you leap .
 I ordered 3 of these and all 3 of them fail . They can not be read in any card reader I try , even a SanDisk - and 1 of the cards can not be used by my camera at all . I purchased another card from another dealer that was not listed as `` bulk '' and it works great - same Blue 2 gb card . I would not recommend these cards .
 Seems like a good price for a 2GB memory card . The shipping charge is excessive but that helps Digital Media Source make up the money they discounted on the product .
 Did not use this product with the MAC 100 motion light system . This card was sent as parts needed for light operation .
 i have a cannon a560 , and purchased the sandisk 2.0 gb card . the only problem is the card is to slow after each picture you take . you have to wait 3 or 4 seconds before you can take another picture . my 512mb card works alot faster , but you can not take half as many pics . i think the 2.0 gb is just to big for this particular camera .
 UPDATE TO MY PREVIOUS POST : On the HP Pavilion dv4000 , with Windows XP SP2 , with a built in multicard reader , I have found that the BlueProton USB SanDisk SD card reader offered -LSB- ... -RSB- * does * make the card * readable * by the HP XP SP2.So apparently , the SanDisk 2GB card hardware design sold , is not hardware compatible with the * multicard * reader that is built into the HP , and that this new BlueProton USB SanDisk-SD-flash-format only card reader makes it completely readable . I also tried my USB 51 in one multicard reader with the SanDisk SD 2GB cards on the HP XP SP2 , and it also makes the card readable by the HP . So the HP XP SP2 has no problems accessing a 2GB SD card format , but that the bulk SanDisk card itself is not backward hardware compatible , or it is simply incompatible , with one versions of multicard reader , or that the HP Pavilion dv4000 's multicard reader is not 100 % compatible with all SD format flash.I can not diagnose which hardware issue is the problem , in the SD design , in the SD reader , or a mix of both . As some users have commented there 's incompatabilities , it is good to have another 10-20 buck card reader , or buy one SD flash before buying bulk , to assure compatibility between the two hardware systems of SD flash and SD reader you may own.I would rate the unit 2 stars , but do n't know how to upgrade the rating , just the post . ==== I recently bought four 2GB SanDisk cards . They can not be properly formatted in the built in SD card reader , on the HP Pavilion XP SP2 . When they are `` formatted '' as FAT only on the HP XP SP2 , they act like they can receive files from the HP , but when you go back to examine them , the files do not read back . When the cards are used in a digital camera to take pictures , and the card is put in the HP XP SP2 SD card reader , no files or folders are visible at all.I have to work around all of this by exclusively using USB to download the files from the camera to the HP , versus simply plugging the card into the HP . Plus , the card is useless , with the HP , by itself.A definitely incompatible SanDisk product , with a standard HP Pavilion XP SP2 with built in SD/multi card reader slot . Useable enough with a digital camera , through USB exclusively , as you can not swap the card into the HP .
 My name was placed on two items which were delivered to me and they were not my items.I was told that if I sent them back , they would send my a Portable DVD Player for my troubles.Yeah Right ! I should have kept what was in the boxes !! I was honest and took the extra time printing the return labels , taping them on and seeing that they were picked up by UPS.Do you think I ever say the Portable DVD Player ????? NO !!!!! I was told when everthing was finished that has been several weeks now and nothing.Be careful ! and if they say they sent you something and you did n't receive it , they probably sent it somewhere else . Make sure you document everything .
 I have no problem with the card but purchased a Pyrus 8GB MP3 player and this card was suggested to go along with that item : Pyrus Electronics 8GB MP3 Multi Media Player with Touch Screen and Digital CameraIt does NOT fit the MP3 player slot . So if you are purchasing this combo be aware that the card wo n't fit .
 I took about 50 pictures at my daughter 's dance recital using this memory card . When I got home and tried to see photos , all I got was an error reading on the card . This was only the second time I had used this card and only had about 40 pictures on it previously . I 've never had this happen before with any other memory card . Will never buy SanDisk again !
 Not much to say , mine died after a week . I am going to contact san disk to see if they can rma it .
 I used it for my digital camera . However my computer could not read it with in its slot -LRB- drive -RRB- which can read other SD cards . I have to use a card reader to transfer the content . do n't know why is that ?
 I ordered two of these to put in digital frames , but discovered that both are really only 1GB memory cards .
 If you buy this product be aware that the shipping cost pretty much offsets the great price . I got mine at Circuit City for $ 14.99 . I do n't know how they get away charging twelve bucks to ship someting that you could probably ship with a standard envelope and stamp !
 I have not had issues with SanDisk in the past . However , I bought this card and it quit working after 6 months . I would have not minded if it had been replaced , but neither the seller or SanDisk would replace it -LRB- yet this listing is claiming a 5 year warranty -RRB- . The seller would not replace because it was too long after their return period . SanDisk would not replace because their warranty applies to `` Brand New in Factory Sealed Retail packaged products only '' . So I am not knocking SanDisk exactly , but the bulk cards . Great price , but if something messes up you 're outta luck .
 This is a common thing I 've found on the internet , especially on Ebay , but more and more on Amazon these days too . I selected several SD memory cards , placed them in my cart . When I went to check out , the total for the cards was about $ 70 . The shipping was more than $ 85. , and the tax was more than $ 12 . The actual shipping charges would be less than $ 5 . I do n't know why these people do business this way . At best its dishonest , and at worse , its fraud . For me its a complete turn-off , and I wo n't do business with these kind of people . I just wish Amazon had a way for me to filter these merchants from my searches so I do n't waste so much of my time . As this practice becomes more frequent on Amazon , I find myself using Amazon less . I can see a time in the near future where I 'll only use Amazon for book purchases .
 I placed an order for 3 of these SD cards , thinking they were are great deal at about $ 4 each . When I saw the shipping charge , though , I reconsidered . The SD cards came to $ 12.03 , but shipping & handling was $ 18.97 ! Actual mailing costs has to be under $ 2 for these things , so the seller is luring people in with a low product cost and making a killing on the shipping .
 I bought this card for $ 9.42 and had to pay $ 6.99 for shipping . I though maybe there 's a reason , that the actual shipping price was high . Nope . It just came in a padded envelope and the postage in the corner said ... 58 CENTS ! Now , come on . Where did my other $ 6.41 go ? If they need it to make a profit , then they should just make the price that much more.That being said , the card works great . No problems , but maybe you should buy it from a store rather than from Amazon .
 I put three of these in my cart and the shipping was $ 18 !!! I live in the US so it was just standard shipping . This is a complete rip off when you think about it . The shipping on these cards is so inexpensive , seller is padding the shipping to make up for the cost . This price was put up to trick people into buying who may not notice the crazy shipping.Do yourself a favor and buy any other cards than these . I will never support price gauging on shipping - its dirty and unfair .
 The card is fine . I have others and they work greatBUTI ordered two more SD cards and look at the shipping charges from the reseller.Shipping Method
 This battery wont hold a charge very well . I have been using it for months and it never has worked unless you have it on the charger , then it only last a short time .
 When arrived would not work . Would not charge up at all . Contacted company . No response .
 I recently purchased a phone which called for a MicroSD chip . I purchased the bargain brand thinking that one would be as good as another . Come to find out this perticular brand tends to be between 1-2 mm thin to register in an array of devices . If your instruction manual reccomends a certain brand I discovered the hard way you probably want to follow their advice . I paid a little more and traded brands and every thing worked fine . I easily found tech support discussion boards and blogs questioning this brand 's capabilities .
 the instructions say the installer will have an msi file . It is not there ! So driver will not install on XP . truly a useless product
 Purchased 2 switches . 4 Ports out of 12 worked on the first . None of the ports worked on the second . On top of that , the admin web interface times out constantly and rarely responds . If you 're looking for a POE switch , or even a managed switch , look elsewhere . If I could assign 0 starts , I would .
 I do n't know anything about this camera 's quality , but click `` See my other reviews '' for the reviewer `` Scott Edinburg . '' He has posted the EXACT SAME 5-star review for every camera made by this company.How can you trust a company that does that ?
 It fits in Brother HL-5070n , but not very well . It gets stuck and takes more force to get in and out than did the factory drum . Also , our `` replace drum light '' never went off after adding this non-Brother-made replacement drum .
 Estimados de Amazonla memoria que solicite fue de 1G en el empaque dice que es de un 1G , pero mi computador dice que son de 512 , que pudo pasar con el producto?agradezco sus comentarios
 One computer could only utilize 512mb , the other would n't recognize the ram at all . I figured it being Kingston RAM and this type of RAM being around so long that it would be compatible with any computer requiring 533MHz DDR2 1gb RAM . Guess I was wrong .
 The Kingston 533mhz 1GB was used andI thought it might have been worth a try.My mistake ... it went bad a couple of days after use .
 So I sometimes come across those who are selling a certain product more than the actually company 's pricing and this is one of those products . Do n't buy it on here because I went to the actual site and found it to be less in price . Do some research before buying off any site because their could be scammers out their asking for more than the normal price .
 I bought one of these hoo hahs , and realized after a few hours why it makes no sense.The whole idea of these things is to simulate drawing on paper with your own hand . If you 've already become comfortable with using a Wacom tablet , you will soon realize this is clearly a step backward
 I just got my Cintiq 21UX . It 's an awesome piece of equipment , not backed by a good company . I have more than one dead subpixel , and their policy is up to 14 DEAD SUBPIXELS!C ` mon ?! I 'm a graphic designer , and this is what over $ 2000.00 gets me?I 'm past disappointed w / their policies and service .
 While I was satisfied with the device while it worked , it unfortunately stopped working after only 6 months
 I thought this would be just like my old iaudio U2 . In a lot of ways it is but more cheaply designed . It 's a great little MP3 player . The only and main complaint I have is the shuffle feature . It wo n't allow you to shuffle only one folder . It shuffles the ENTIRE drive !! If you are far sided you 'll want to stay away all together . The text and symbols are VERY small . I was really hoping to give this thing a good review . Honestly . I was even willing to give Trekstor the benefit of the doubt and upgrade firmware from their site BUT THERE IS NO FIRMWARE UPDATE !!! My advice is to stay away and pay a little more for a nice Cowon product . This is gon na be packed up and shipped back . Sorry Trekstor I tried .
 I ordered this device looking for something small for the gym and easy to use . I was able to load music on the device , but it did not turn on . It looked like something was wrong with it when I opened the package as the two large silver plastic pieces were slightly separated . I emailed the company and they wrote back saying the player was broken . I would NOT recommend buying this mp3 player .
 Used this 8 times over the past 5 months . Ninth time , it dies . Can not read drive . Piece of junk . I have had trouble with this before and had to format it twice -LRB- FAT/FAT32 -RRB- . And now when I need to access the drive , I can not access the drive . Piece of junk . Do yourself a favor and buy the Kingston DataTraveler II Plus . You 'll thank yourself in the morning . Did I mention this is a piece of junk !
 i think it came quick but the product box was totally smashed and ink was damaged and couldnt be used
 The ink runs out in less than a month and I barely use my printer . Really low on ink . Avoid if you can .
 If you are going to buy this ink , understand that it is going to last you for only about ~ 150 pages or so , not the 200 + pages it says on the box , and that 's a generous estimate . If you do n't use the printer often you wo n't notice it , but that 's how many pages the ink lasts . Yeah , it 's cheaper than what you get in the store , but the kind in the store actually lasts as long as it says it is going to -LRB- as far as I remember -RRB- , about 220-250 pages . I am giving this product 1 star because I want to discourage this type of deceptive advertising . I am getting really sick of HP and their lousy paper-jamming printers and expensive ink .
 I was very annouyed when I notice the black ink was failing yesterday , because I 've changed the cartridge about 2 weeks ago , and I 've printed less than 150 pages since then , in the fast draft mode !!! The amount of ink in this cartridge is ridiculous !
 I received the wrong type of ink cartridge -LRB- HP , but not 92 -RRB- . Unfortunately I did not realize until after I opened it , so I did n't try to return it .
 Do yourself a favor and buy a Canon printer . HP printers are so slow , and their ink took about a week to come , and when it did , i swear , I was printing pages out for college powerpoint lecture notes , and I think i was like on the 20th page , and my ink said low , WHAT !? Horrible . Plus , you pay an arm and a leg !
 the ink cartridge for new is over priced you can buy 2 for $ 25.00 or less even when you buy new you would think they was used they dont last verry long any way you would have to be nuts to buy a used ink cartridge in the 1st place dont get me wrong amazon is a great place to buy they need to do some reserach on this item
 I purchase and paid for NEW not used ink cartrides and when I used them , they soon ran out of ink . I opened the fill holes under the label and saw that they had sold me what is know as SAMPLE cartridges . There was no foam packing from the middle of the cartrige to the back side . These are cartriges that are inserted by manufactures into newly purchsed printers to get you started . But are not intended for long term printing . I wrote to them -LRB- Infinite-Surplus -RRB- about it and they told me I would have to take it up with HP & not them . I wrote them back and said I purchased from you -LRB- Infine-Surplus -RRB- not HP and they should take care of thier customers . They from that point on ignored all of my e-mails . And now I am put out with having to deal with HP for replacements . I WILL NO LONG PURCHASE INK FROM INFINITE-SURPLUS ! THEY DO NOT STAND BEHIND THIER PRODUCTS ! AND THEY PRETTY MUCH TELL YOU THAT IN THIER RETURN POLICY .
 I can understand that HP sells their printers at a reduced rate and makes their money on the ink cartridges , but the small amount of ink in this pack is ridiculous . I am going back to re-fills . They 're trying to cheat their customers .
 HP 92 Black Ink Cartridge in Retail Packaging , Twin Pack -LRB- C9512FN140 -RRB- I received these in April 2012 , and I have n't done much printing , and they are already both gone , and it is only June , 12th , 2012 , I have to say that I will not be getting from them again . I got some from another seller and they lasted quite awhile , almost 1 year . And it is not the fault of Amazon .
 I am not happy about this purchase ! Most of my amazon purchases are great experiences always . This one is not one of them . I 've had maybe 2 or 3 and I order A LOT of things often from amazon . The ink cartridge is not new and it doesnt even have ink in it left . It 's still printing like it did when I had the old one inside . I shaked it and have tried different settings so I know it 's the cartridge because it has not done this before ! So not happy at all ! I should have just gone to staples !
 I am very upset with the service life of these cartridges . $ 14 for less than 100 pages seems like a theft . Avoid buying any hp printer that uses these type of cartridges
 broke right away , crappy product !!! very frustrating , expected it would be a solid product , did n't work to begin with due to feedback and then the piece that connects to ipod or other device just broke . not cool !!!
 I purchased this speaker in hopes to make the music on my phone loud enough for everyone in my class to hear . Unfortunately it was n't even as loud as the speaker that is built into the phone .
 well , this is inexpensive , but , really , not worth the money or effort . get another better one , like the wowee speaker for a little more money , with shipping , this one really isnt cheap anymore . and the other one works really well , especially , for audio books .
 I was very disappointed . Thought it would be heavier and mesh tip is lacking . Do not waste your money on this product .
 Returned it the same day . Very insubstantial feel and had to press hard with the squishy nib . Ended up with a much ` sturdier ' Bamboo ...
 I purchased this hoping for a more controlled writing experience on my ipad . I hoped the new metal mesh tip would give better screen contact . I was very disappointed . The tip did n't work well on a screen protected ipad -LRB- as mine is -RRB- . Contact was spotty . Most of the time it did n't work at all.The stylus is very light weight . I prefer to have the feel of a real pen.I had also hoped that the tip would be more durable because of the mesh . It felt like there was hardly any substance to the underlaying rubber -LRB- or whatever was used -RRB- All in all , my experience was the opposite of the advertised `` ultra durable , ultra responsive , smoother glide , increased accuracy '' promised .
 I liked the size and weight , but the tip is so squishy that the metal barrel taps the screen when I use it .
 I was excited to try out the new polaroid camera using the bigger film . What a waste , if you want a great polarid camera you are going to have to go to some special camera shop , if you want a decent one do n't buy this just get the old stand by , one step -LRB- ... -RRB- , its just as good as this camera if not better .
 This is a terrible product . I bought it about 7 months ago to protect my hard drive , which was originally encased in an Iomega case . My Iomega HD case somehow broke -LRB- bad product ! -RRB- , so I bought this case . Unfortunately , not only did this case fail to protect my hard drive , but the screws came off and my hard drive ended up moving around inside . After a few months , I discovered that the shaking movement caused damage to my hard drive , and I lost all of my data . I ended up having to spend more money to try to recover the data from the corrupted and damaged hard drive . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I got this DVD camera last week as a gift . I tried it for one week and I returned it . There are several reasons :1 -RRB- The specs might sound good on paper , but not a reality.Picture quality is horrible , both indoors and outdoors . Myhouse is sunny and bright indoors . I took video of my children during the day and it was grainy . I tried it outdoors and it was n't a sharp picture at all .2 -RRB- The DVD-RW discs in general loose their quality overtime , and infact may become completly unreadable after 2 years ! So , if your planning on saving your children 's childhood memories do n't buy DVD , use miniDV instead . Just do a search on the computer and you 'll find this to be true .3 -RRB- The hitachi 's batteries last about 30 - 45 min ! That 's it ! The video is also 30 min only ! 4 -RRB- This particular hitachi does not have the capability of hooking up to your computer .
 Price was not our main concern , our many concern was trying to find a camcorder that shot in 16:9 ratio for our widescreen TV . We have a 50 '' and when we played back our old Hi8 camcorder on the new tv , the picture was n't very clear because the old HI8 camcorders shot in 4:9 ratio -LRB- less picture pre inch -RRB- so it was being stretch out over a 16:9 wide screen tv so it was n't the best picture , we needed a new widescreen camcorder to go with our new widescreen tv . When I saw the Hitachi DVD can be film in 16:9 ratio that is why I bough it , price had nothing to do with it .1 st off it was not easy to use , I had to read the manual many times !! I had to look up how to play back the disc after I was done filming , the camera does not have a Play back BUTTON after reading the manual I found out you had to hit the navigation button to get to menu then to the play back option . Also I used a DVD-rw and when I was done filming I put the disc into my brand new 2006 DVD player and it would not work . After reading the manual then I learned that with DVD-rw you have to finalize the video before you can put it into your DVD player ; by hitting menu , option , finalize a lot of steps before you can actually put it in your DVD player . If you use the DVD + rw you do not have to do all those step and can put it right from the camera into your DVD player but you 'll never know that unless you read the manual !!! I got so frustrated with having to pull the manual out so many times .2 nd the picture quality on a widescreen is not that great , I bought the most expensive DVD disc the store had , I set it to High quality recording and when I played it back on my widescreen TV the picture was hazy , when the kids moved they were blurred . The quality was the same as my old 2002 HI8 camcorder . If your buying this for the 16:9 ratio to go with a widescreen tv do n't , I saw no difference when I shot in 16:9 ratio it was the same as 4:9 !!! I return the camera the next dayThis Review it meant for people with widescreen TV 's ONLY , if you have a regular tv then the quality will probbaly be excellent and a good camera for the price , but it does n't work well with widescreen tv 's you 'd be better off going with a HD camcorder .
 The camera is ok but sometimes it just is not worth the technology because the disks have had errors while recording and after recording -LRB- two different types of formats -RRB- . At least with the 8mm we used to use we knew what we had . I sure wish I had an 8 mm instead .
 i should have listened to the other reviewers and not cared for the really low price . now i lost my son 's first birthday party what a POS.stay far far away do n't take it for FREE
 I was told it connected to a computer and I find out later it does n't . Time for the trash
 was unable to fully use single use disk , after using camera a few minutes was unable to restart to use it again , maybe I should have stayed with a JVC ??
 I bought this camera after doing some online research . The price was attractive for the features offered , and online reviews consistently mentioned the camcorder 's superior picture quality . The first DV-R I recorded looked great , but a distracting hum became apparent halfway through the disc . I called Hitachi 's customer service line , and they asked which brand of disc I used . When I mentioned Sony , I was told to try Maxell , the brand Hitachi recommends . I was also told the Sony disc might have been defective . I bought Maxell discs and went back to record again . This time , the hum was worse . It was n't consistent , but intermittent . A second call to Hitachi was made . I was now told to bring it in for servicing , even though the camera was brand new . I complied . You guessed it . After getting the camera back from the authorized repair shop , the hum was still there . A third call to Hitachi was made . I was told to return the camera to the repair shop so they could correct the problem . The repair shop is n't exactly down the block , so bringing the camera back , and then picking it up again would have consumed time , expense , and aggravation . At this point , I had lost complete faith in both the camcorder , Hitachi 's customer service , and their authorized repair shop . Please ... . STEER CLEAR OF THIS CAMCORDER . Though picture quality is fine , you will be driven crazy by horrible noise on your recordings . Based on my experience with this awful camera and Hitachi 's customer service , I will NEVER purchase one of their produicts again .
 Do not buy unless you want to waste time recording and then lose everything you record.I have lost my daughters birthday party , a trip to a fair and some other priceless moments , because of disc errors . Halfway through recording I get messages saying the disc is corrupt and needs to format . Meaning ` erase everything that I have filmed up to that point '' . This has happened multiple times . In fact i have yet to make it through the finalizing process on a single CD . The last straw was a trip to Thailand and cambodia . I carried the camera with me everywhere and filmed everything , again getting multiple error messages . When I did finally get through 1 entire CD of filming without getting an error , only to get home and lose everything . I tried to finalize the CD . It got to a minute left of finalizing and came up with a different error message but of course it wanted to format to solve the problem . The whole solution to any problem on this camera is to format . Again , this erases everything . I have wasted 30-40 hours of taping without a single bit of footage . I am back to mini dv . dont buy ! Trust me the first time you lose a priceless moments you will be sick to your stomach .
 BEWARE ! BEWARE ! BEWARE ! This recorder work great for a few days but gave me a disk error on the 4th day . I lost everything from that day because it would not finalize the disk . So maybe it was the disk -LRB- trying benefit of the doubt -RRB- . However now it stays stuck on ` DISS ACCESS ' . I called Hitachi and was told I have to go to St Louis to get it fixed . I live in Kansas . I ask to make a complaint and was given the run around . They need to open a file , they asked A LOT of questions regarding my address , full name , numbers , etc -LRB- not all actually needed to get an address so I can write a complaint letter . Then I get transferred to a rude woman -LRB- I was n't even told I was getting transferred -RRB- who tells me there are only 6 authorized businesses who can work on the camera because they go through intensive training . This does not change anything about me trying to make a complaint . She said she would make a note of this . HA ! I then asked for a confirmation number , she went crazy - assuring me the complaint would be taken care of . -LRB- Sure ! -RRB- . She finally gave me a case number . I told her I was going to call back to check if it was really a case number attached to this situation . This pushed her over the edge . The call did not end well and I did call back to find Hitachi 's notes on this situation were few and more about me being a problem instead of the camera . BEWARE !
 I have had off and on again problems with hitachi hybrid , and now the dvd will not eject disc and i ca n't access dvd mode . I have many discs that were not finalized -LRB- which means no playback !!!!! -RRB- Plus almost every time I recorded onto disc , I had disc error , and had to stop recording and repair , and missed many special moments . DO NOT BUY !!!!! UPDATE
 I ca n't believe this camera has been so highly-rated . This camera wasted lots of my time recording important events and then was unable to reliably `` finalize '' my discs for display on my DVD players . I recorded 5 brand-new discs at an event last night , everything seemed fine , and then later that night two of the five discs failed to finalize and gave messages about the discs being corrupted or unreadable . The only options were to fix the problems by re-formatting the discs and permanently losing contents of two of the discs . -LRB- That 's a 40 % rate of loss ! -RRB- I used the recommended Maxell DVD-RW discs to avoid exactly this sort of problem and still got very poor results . In advance of a big vacation in two weeks I 'm going out to shop for another camera tonight . DO N'T BUY THIS CAMERA unless you TEST THOROUGHLY in advance of your vacation or special event . I may have a lemon , but this could be the current state of Hitachi quality and performance . It may also be a problem inherent in recording to mini-DVDs . All I know is that I am very frustrated after following all directions and instructions carefully . I lost some important video memories when I used this camera and I 'm not letting it happen on my big vacation in two weeks .
 Well I needed a cheaper equalizer and this seemed viable being as I use a boss amp etc. but when I hooked it up it buzzes rediculously and ca n't get it to stop . Buying some filters and stuff tomorrow to hopefully fix it .
 I own a LG Electronics LC797T recording VCR/DVD . It is 18 months old and intermittently would not tune to the selected station on timer record and would record just static . All other functions including playback and manual recording on the VCR and DVD are fine.Called LG Technical Support and spoke to Daniella who had me try several things and determined that it was most likely the `` Tuner '' or possibly '' a defect in the system '' . She said to return the unit to LG - Al with Case No . C09070400593 and they would tell me what it would cost to fix.I sent the unit in the original packaging with a letter and Case No . at a $ 12.00 UPS charge and upon arrival I received a call from Mitzi Carruth who asked where was my money order for the testing at $ 69.00 . They would not tell me what was wrong or costs without paying the fee and since I went this far I gave her my credit card No . She agreed to accept a credit card -LRB- my Chase VISA above -RRB- . I then received a call about 10 minutes later stating that the following needed replacement
 Do n't know where all the old reviews went . `` Moviemaker , '' are you out there?This VCR/DVD recorder has stopped responding to the remote , except that the `` eject '' button still works on the remote . Yes , I 've changed the batteries several times . The VCR is still taping the program that I had it programmed to tape , but of course I ca n't watch any tapes because I ca n't view anything -LRB- tapes or DVDs -RRB- with this machine . It used to work . Any suggestions ? I have this haunting feeling I just need to press some button somewhere and I ca n't figure out where . Thanks .
 In response to the other reviewer I was n't lucky at all ! I BOUGHT this receiver except with the tuner with hard earned cash on July 23 , 2007 by the middle of October it had stopped playing DVD 's completely although it would still record TV . I called LG at the end of October due to a busy schedule and asked if there was something they could do.First things first ... DO N'T EVER CALL LG ! Their product service sucks to put it lightly . I was told , `` let me take your number and we 'll call you back . '' That was at 9:00 pm at night . Uhh ... what time do they think I want to be up chatting with them anyway ??? They finally sent me a shipping label and told me to pay them $ 69 and they would fix it . Gee thanks ... So kind of you LG!I searched on the net and there is a problem with this reciever reading bought DVD 's . It 's the number one complaint with this receiver . I urge anyone to look around before buying this receiver . This receiver should be on recall !!!! If it stops on you after 90 days they 're going to charge you $ 69 to fix it ! That 's unreasonable to say the least for something that cost this much . Worst part is that mine stopped on me before the 90 days was up and they STILL charged me ! From the email : `` I apologize about the service charges on this matter . The request was plainly stated to our factory service division to waive the labor charge . `` After one year it 's $ 69 + parts + freight ! I 'm not even sure I want to pay them the lousy $ 69 dollars to fix it considering it only worked right for about three months to begin with .
 Another ` typo ' on amazon 's part ... This model does have a tuner , for all the good it will do you ! Bought mine when they were newer on the market , and paid $ 300.00 for it.It lasted about 6 months before I started experiencing problems with it reading DVD 's ! Also , some part on the faceplate trim began just separating from the assembly . I viewed about a couple VHS tapes through it , never even got the chance to learn the complicated instructions on doing any DVD recording ... it 's basically a piece of cheap , but ` expensive ' junk ! Wish I could have given it ' 0 ' stars ... What 's even worse , is that LG 's warranty sucks as well ! Labor 90 days , parts , 1 year.After contacting LG , they sent a shipping label to return it back to them for repair , but at an additional cost of $ 69.00 for the repair , since the labor warranty had expired.Considering I only got about 6 months use out of it , and it seemed to be falling apart just sitting in my stereo rack , I demanded either a new replacement unit , or after paying the $ 69.00 repair charge , a ` fresh ' new warranty , as if was new after the $ 69.00 repair . They refused and returned it back to me unrepaired.LG only warranties their repairs for 30 days , and I was n't about to put out $ 69.00 on top of the $ 300.00 that I already spent , on an obvious ` lemon ' , that was n't right from the beginning!No doubt sometime after that 30 day repair warranty expired , and my one year parts warranty expired , I can only see this unit giving me problems again ! And at that point , having $ 369.00 invested in it , and needing even more repairs!I got 5 years use out of my previous DVD unit ! That was a Denon , and gave me great service . Compare that to about 6 months , out of an LG product , and I 'll never trust them again!Most would not believe all the time it takes to install and wire this unit into a system , eliminating , a VHS player , with the main television tuner in it , and the previous DVD player.Then after the problems began , pull this out to send for repair , needing to rewire in a VHS player just to have a television tuner , and a cheap $ 40.00 ` Wal-Mart special ' DVD player to get everything working again , and just so one can watch basic television or a movie.These ` combo ' units are ` junk ' ! A television tuner , a VHS player/recorder , and a DVD player/recorder all in one , and if one part goes bad , you might as well say it 's all bad , as you loose ` everything ' by pulling it out!After my experience with this LG product , I can honestly say that I will never buy another LG product again ! Between a poorly manufactured product , and extremely ` rude ' customer service , I have already walked away from an LG LCD computer monitor that was on sale , and went with another brand not on sale!If I were to ever consider a similar product , I would go with the Panasonic . At least they offer a 1 year , ` parts and labor ' warranty.Do look at warranties offered ! Got ' 3 ' years on that LCD computer monitor I purchased ! So it was n't on sale , but in the end well worth the extra money spent , over something with only a 1 year warranty , not to mention really bad customer service!If LG does n't resolve this , check back for a video review , where this LG will be run over by a semi dump truck !
 We bought this just before Christmas , and installed it in hopes of being able to watch DVDs , Videos , and record our old VHS tapes onto DVD 's for the future.First , this is unnecessarily complicated to operate , and not at all intuitive . I have DVD players , and VHS recorders all over the place , and have no trouble managing them , but this thing needs the handbook in your lap to operate it . It should be called a decoder , not a handbook.Second , I was stunned by the slow speed of changing channels . You type in channel 10 , the screen goes blank for a few seconds , then it goes to channel 10 . OK , I figured it 's because of the capability of doing hundreds of channels , so it has to wait to see if I 'm gon na add another digit , but no - It does the blank screen , and several second lag for every change , even when you just press up , to scroll through the channels . At this rate , it will take a week to scroll through all the channels.It plays VHS tapes OK , and it records VHS OK.DVD records everything as digitized boxes - like an overblown photo , in the 6 hr . record mode . At 4 hrs , it 's mostly OK , but anything moving fast will look pixelated/boxy , too . It started out playing OK , but soon started doing the abrupt stop , then boxy fade to the next scene , that seems to be a problem with all DVD 's that I 've seen . -LRB- Not many -RRB- . The DVD 's I recorded in this would not play in my other DVD player , either , even after I finalized it.Now , less than one week after hooking it up , I hit play , and after 30 seconds it seized up , and just got stuck on the DVD . I tried everything to free it up , and even tried to eject it , but no luck . It would not let me switch to VCR , and it would not power down , either , so it basically had my TV held captive , with one frame permanently stuck on the screen , and no way out . We messed with it for 15 + minutes to try to get it to let go , but were ultimately forced to disconnect it.Needless to say , I will be returning it tomorrow . To the Store , NOT to LG .
 This product has one advantage
 Several years ago my brother gets a 46 '' LCD for his home and asks me what to get to watch DVDs and VHS -LRB- he has an extensive collection of the latter -RRB- . So we ran over to the local electronics store and I recommend an LG RC797T . The specs looked good and I 've always had good luck with LG electronics.Anyhow , I 'm up there over this past weekend and he mentions that he tried the DVD player and it did n't work . I asked him when was the last time he used it . He said , `` Never . '' His collection is all VHS but that someone had wanted to watch a movie they brought with them so he tried it . So , I tried several from my collection -LRB- home-brew and commercial -RRB- with no luck.That was odd . I mean this technology is tried , true and usually as regular as Sigourney Weaver . So we got a driver cleaning disk and knocked off any dust . Still no read . Can not even find disks ! So when I get home , I go to the LG web site to get the manual and find it 's in some kind of funky format that requires crappy Internet Explorer to download ; and THEN another funky program has to be downloaded and installed to read the file . Apparently in the Far East offices of LG they have n't heard of PDF yet . Sigh.I do n't know if it needs a firmware update or if the unit was just crap from the beginning . Coming to Amazon -LRB- and then checking a few other sites -RRB- I learn that this is a REAL COMMON PROBLEM with this model and it is SO well-known that LG has a canned fix for if you 're willing to part with another $ 175 * or so . With the original price being around $ 280 as I recall , this makes this unit one of the most expensive combo units on the market.I said , `` Sorry , bro . Here 's $ 40 . Let 's just run over to Wal-Mart and get a nice Sony DVD player . '' So we did . And it works like a champ with my home-brews , commercial disks , and even those rented-cleaned-and-now-for-sale junkers over at xxxxxxxx xxxxx -LRB- a local second-hand CD/DVD store my grandkids haunt -RRB- . I feel bad about ONE star because I like LG usually . And this unit has great specs and a huge feature set ... BUT pretty pictures only gets one in the door . One has to actually perform to make it long-term . And a story has to end well to get my five star rating.In all fairness , the VHS side has been fantastic . He has lots of 9 hr and 12 hr tapes and watches them all the time via the HDMI output . * Add it up . $ 70 for LG plus trackable insured shipping . The USPS chart tells me it 'll run about $ 110 both ways .
 After the warrenty passed the RF output died ; only the `` individual outputs '' worked , ie , the Component Video Outputs.After a few months I decided to put this machine to another use as a simple tuner . That is when it went it went `` crazy . '' When it powered-up it tried to read a DVD that was n't present . It continued to open and close the DVD tray every few minutes . Eventually it stopped with the tray open.That 's when I slammed the tray shut . It stopped that behavior.This machine still displayes `` Hello '' when it should present something about time or condition.I 'm using this machine at this time only to see Comcast cable on the basic plan.I have n't shut it off since the `` slamming . `` In my opinion , this machine is a piece of crap .
 5 months after I paid almost $ 300 for this piece of junk , it stopped finalizing DVDs . I called LG , and they told me I could send it back for repair under warranty . HOWEVER , I had to send them $ 69 just to look at it . Some warranty ! AND , I had to have it boxed -LRB- tossed the original box -RRB- professionally , and take it to the Post Office with the fancy label they sent me . Sounds easy , unless you 're handicapped and ca n't get around . Considering what I paid for it , plus the additional $ 69 , I could have bought an HD TV set ! Never , never again will I buy anthing LG , since my LG air conditioner -LRB- about 8 months old -RRB- just went poof !
 Bad first . The DVD player freezes up on a fairly regular basis , in most cases with rented DVD 's . This requires you to get up and manually hold the power button to reset the machine . After resetting you may get lucky and the machine may resume playing from the previous DVD location . However , the result many times is a message informing the user that the disk can not be read or there is no disk . I then have to play the disk in another player to finish watching the DVD.Good . I originally purchased this unit to transfer VHS recordings -LRB- home movies -RRB- to DVD . The machine performs this function flawlessly . I have created several DVD 's from VHS and from digital camcorders with no problems .
 I got this one two weeks ago . I was using it to scan my slides.Software and Hardware are pretty easy to use and scanning quality is good too . I was happy to have it ... BUT ... I found there is a big Moisture Stamp under glasses last night ! I will return it today .
 I have been extremely disappointed by this scanner . I bought it new a few months ago , but found that little spots appear on scanned photos for 600dpi and higher . I 've cleaned the scan bed and photos . The problem appears to be on the other side of the glass . To get half-way decent scans , you have to hunt for the area of the scan bed with the fewest marks . Cannon sent me a replacement -LRB- referb . -RRB- which has the same problem but to a lesser degree . A third scanner is supposedly on its way.The whole experience has been less than positive and makes me question Cannon 's quality control process . It 's highly unlikely I 'll be purchasing another Canon scanner in the future .
 I have purchased two of these scanners because I was hoping that the first one was defective . It was , and I think the second one was too ! The closest I can come to describing the problem is to say that there was condensation under the flatbed glass . It dried and left a residue that shows up on every scan . The first time I thought this was a fluke -LRB- although I had read a review that said it happened to them . -RRB- so I returned it and ordered another . The same thing happened with this one . When I called Canon to ask about the problem they played dumb and said they had n't heard of this problem . Well it happend twice to me and at least once to another review so it does exist . The biggest problem I am going to have now is finding another scanner that has the multi-scan feature . It was very cool to pop four pictures on the flatbed , scan them , and have them come out as four different JPEGS . What to do ?
 Hello , I purchased this for christmas 2003 . Right out of the box I had the same problem as `` wshiii from Philadelphia , PA '' The glass was dirty on both sides and all the images -LRB- no matter what the resolution -RRB- had white spots all over them . I will call canon tonight to see what they can do . If they can not fix it , I will look elsewhere for a replacement
 Photo scanning
 A significant use for which I bought this scanner was for my wife and me to make copies on my printer using the one-button . I installed it today and , to my dismay , it did n't work . After two hoours on the phone with Canon tech support , Canon gave up and said it wo n't work with a laser printer . I have a laser printer with 1700 KB memory but it was n't enough . This is a warning to prospective purchasers .
 the scanner is very easy to use but the quality come up short from my exspectations
 I went through the trouble of installing this only to discover that it is even less capable than the integrated graphics of my motherboard . So it sits with my collection of obsolete hardware .
 I have ordered two sets of these batteries for SONY DCR-IP5 and both batteries are defective on arrival . the product is made in china , no proper packing and packaging , the quality seems to be very very bad , i dont recommend any consumer to buy these sets at all.To be clear on all fronts , i removed the plastic seal -LRB- cheap one -RRB- , i plugged it to the camera , i turned the chargin on , the led blinked for few seconds , then it goes off , then after few minutes , the orange led came back blinking very fast , after 4 hours , i turned the camera ON , there was no `` life time battery indication '' then suddenly after few seconds the camera gave this message `` In compatible InfoLITHIUM batteries '' batteries !!!! Great Job `` Brilliant Store Inc. . ''
 Upon receiving the MP3 player everything worked as expected . However , the unit kept indicating that the battery was not fully charged , even though it was charged overnight . Now it 's come to the point where it wo n't hold a charge and the unit is therefore completely useless . Unfortunately , I can not recommend this MP3 player
 Earphones fall apart in about 4 weeks , wire length for earphones is way too short to even place in a pocket , easily gets scratched , easily gets dented , hard to navigate , cheap menues , dont buy it or else youll regret it .
 The case is fine , but it is nowhere near the 4x6x9 dimensions that are listed . It is more like 3.25 '' wide , by 5.25 '' tall , by 2.5 '' deep . As a result , what I wanted to carry in it does n't fit !
 Ordered and received KOSS SB-45 Communication Stereophones two weeks ago . Shipping and delivery from Amazon was great.Regarding the headphones and microphone , the sound quality is good on the receiving end . Unfortunately sound quality from the microphone is slightly garbled - based on recorded voice tests . Most disappointing however is the fact I can not hear myself talk over the microphone -LRB- there was no voice-feedback -RRB- . If you have ever talked to someone wearing safety earmuffs , you get a feeling of how distracting this can be . You do n't know if you are speaking loud enough or too softly . I work a lot through internet collaboration websites , and I found that it was simply better to use my smart-phone rather than these headphones.Having thrown away the packaging , I am doubtful I can return this set to Amazon for a refund . Be assured , unless this is a malfunction in the Koss headset , I will not purchase another product from this brand .
 The headphones are cheap made and the microphone does not work . It is not worth the time to send it back .
 The Headphones were bad scratched on the outside of the right earcup . I am very disappointed as the scratches were quite visible .
 I ordered these headphone and when I received them I opened the package and I had received a Universal charger instead . Was not happy . The packing slip and the sticker on the bag said that is was the headphones but no headphone . The company did reimburse me but I really wanted my headphones and now i have to order somewhere else and wait again .
 I 've had these since mid-October and this weekend the headphones just started not working . My sound goes in and out no matter what I do . I use them for gaming , so when I ca n't hear things , I have to stop my game to try to fix it.So not happy with these.Wow , so another star gone because I tried contacting Koss and found on their warranty site that I have to send them $ 9 of my own money for ` shipping and handling ' to replace or repair . I tried sending them an email to let them know the problem and that it 's not OK to charge customers for THEIR defective product ... surprise surprise , it came back undeliverable.First and only time I will ever buy a Koss product.Off to get Amazon help as they understand the value of customer service even if their suppliers would n't know it if it hit them in the face with a 2x4 .
 I purchased this headset on 3 separate occasions . The first set , the wire connector between the headset and the inputs came loose at the headset juncture , and the sound ceased to work . The second set is my own fault , the cat got a hold of the wires and it was toast after a week -LRB- yes , I still have the cat and he is still unbelievably lovable -RRB- . The third set the microphone is now completely shot for no apparent reason , and I see that another reviewer had a similar problem.I ca n't complain about the actual working headset - it 's fantastic and comfortable as long as it works , but I just have n't been able to keep them for longer than 3-5 months before the go bad . Would not recommend due to durability issues , however .
 I loved these headphones until the microphone broke 3 months into using them . I 've now had them for over a year and a half because the sound quality is still great . As a WoW gamer , I NEED a working mic and prefer it on my headphones , which is why I got these in the first place . NOT WORTH IT ! Find better ones ! gl hf dd
 I like Koss 's design when it comes to headphones , yet the product quality is sadly missing . It never lasts long even after I sent it back a few times to fix or replace . Yet it brakes or shorts out or the wires come apart .
 Microphone stopped working after a few days - of course I 'd tossed all the packaging so no way to return it . I 'd been careful with the headset but I suspect the cord or plug is weak and just prone to shorting . The headpiece itself is comfortable over-the-ears so ok as just headphones .
 I do n't recommend purchasing this item . I bought Mine around 3 months ago . They function great , but in about 3 months the mic started shorting out . Then a week later the sound was shorting , finally within two to three days , they would n't work at all . Now , the packaging says there is a life time warranty , no questions asked . Though , when calling for a replacement , they informed Me there would be a $ 9 shipping fee . After what it would cost to send Mine back with shipping and their $ 9 shipping , I might as well BUY another headset , another brand surely . No one wants to pay twice for a defective headset .
 I was never thrilled with the audio . It always seemed a bit muffled . Now after 4 months the microphone has died -LRB- I almost never used it but the microphone connection wire to the unit is frayed -RRB- and the sound periodically goes out as the headphone connection is also going bad . I 'd pay extra money if I knew connections were robust on a headphone but reviews do n't talk about that.The warranty might be lifetime but you have to mail it back at your own expense AND also include 9 dollars after which they might decide it is your fault and not the product 's fault.The rest of the unit is pretty solid -- it is just those connections that are not !
 I have always been a big fan of Koss headphones but the quality on the SB-45 is either very poor or I was unlucky enough to get a bad set . Within two weeks a wire in the cord broke causing one channel to drop out . In my experience it typically takes many years of hard use for this to happen in all but the most poorly made cords and headphones . It is inexcusable that two weeks of light use led to this .
 This headset worked very well for a few months , but all of a sudden , the microphone stopped working when I needed it the most . If the microphone had n't died , I would have given it at least 4 stars .
 * edit * Looking back on it , I must change the rating.The tightness around the head was never alleviated but not for lack of trying.I tried to stretch these out over several nights but it did not work.Just be aware , I did not really hear about the issue I had and I bought i t from Amazon , so keep in mind you might be in the same boat as me when you receive it . I have a regular sided head and I am completely surprised not more people are griping about this . I had pain from using it for a couple hours.Due to this reason , I deem this purchase a failure on my part , I have given it away.Currently using steelseries 4h . I can not recommend a headset I can not use . Please be wary , I wasnt informed of this when I made the purchase . * / edit * What you need to know before buying :1 . Initially tight around head . Some users may be used to this .2 . Mic is difficult to adjust freely , the mic extension is a flexible rubber however if you apply enough force , it 'll start to stay , suggesting there is some kind of metal underneath the rubber . Basically , the mic does not want to stay when you try to adjust it . Using force works.Versus Cyber Acoustics AC-201 : Sound Quality
 I had hoped that the previous reviewers who had received non-functional headphones were reporting an uncommon problem or fluke . The ones I ordered arrived non-functioning as well . I 'm not all too certain that these headphones are worth the effort of buying . If they work , maybe a different story . For me ... no more of these headphones and probably no more Koss products in general .
 I got these a month and a half ago , and am generally happy with the sound of the speakers and microphone . I 'm by no means an audiophile , so ca n't say more than `` it sounds alright to me , '' but that I can and will say.The cord is long , and the headset is relatively comfortable over a long period of time . I have a large head and wear glasses , and after a few hours I might want to take the set off for a bit , but no real discomfort.As a minor quibble , the microphone and speaker connectors are not the standard pink and green , but rather black and brown . I switch the connectors between ports with relative frequency , and it is kind of irritating to have to take that extra half second to remember which is which rather than just plug the pink one into the pink port , the green into the green one . A very minor quibble though.The problem is that , after less than two months , the connectors are starting to break down . The microphone only works in one of two microphone ports I use -LRB- and I 've tested other mics in there which work fine -RRB- , while the speaker connector will intermittently drop the right speaker mix . If I twist it in the port a bit then it comes back.Koss 's warranty is great , and I know they will replace or refund the headphones , but they also charge $ 9 plus shipping for that , which means it would almost be a wash on this relatively inexpensive set . I guess you get what you pay for , but if you are looking for a cheap headset with a long cord , I 'd recommend theLogitech ClearChat Style/Stereo Headset H230 . It has the same long cord , was more comfortable for me , and lasted a full year and half for me before the inline volume controls started to fritz . And it 's cheaper .
 Good sound , and good mic - but the wire is pretty flimsy . I figured it would break within a year when I got it -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- , and sure enough , 8 months later , the mic broke . Too bad too , the sound quality was pretty decent .
 This product was a complete disappointment . As soon as I got it , I plugged it into my computer only to find out the microphone does n't work.I tried several different programs to find and pick up the mic but nothing worked.The only reason it gets two stars instead of one is because the headphones are pretty good.I recommend spending your money elsewhere if you 're looking for a headset that actually works .
 They worked okay , but the cord started to fray where it enters the head phones about 2 months after I bought it .
 I bought these based on the product name which apparently was a mistake . The mike began failing within a week , if would only function with the cable taped to the headphone to imoblize it . the next week it failed completely leaving me with a pretty good set of headphones . Nice but I already have a nice set of headphones . Will not buy form Koss again .
 Very disappointing for a product that 's pretty much decent except for the crappy cord . 2 months and then the cord breaks ? UGH !
 Very cheaply made . I would not suggest these to anyone . I have only had these just a few months and the plastic ear part has already broken . They have not been abused in any way . Only taking them off my head . Very unimpressed . My first and last `` KOSS '' product .
 Worked great for about a month . Started getting static in the headset then the sound was completely gone . Tried to repair it from the volume control but the quality of it was so bad , had to just trash it . Here now looking for a new set : /
 I bought this Koss Headset on a lark without too much research , I just wanted a decent -LRB- yet affordable -RRB- set of headphones with mic for my computer . I knew it only had an analog stereo connection but I thought this would give me more flexibility in case I wanted to use it for my iphone/mp3 player . The sound was decent and the mic worked good but then the mic stopped working altogether after a couple months . After that , the sound on the right speaker would occasionally stop until I unplugged and replugged the stereo jack back in . My assessment is that these headphones just seem to be made cheaply without much thought into making them last .
 The mic on my unit broke after 2-3 months of use . It just stopped working and so I ended up getting it 's big brother , the SB-49 . I posted a review on that product after 6 months of use and I highly recommend that instead of this . It 's about the same price -LRB- sometimes less ! -RRB- and has better features .
 Ordered this set to use for language program and the microphone absolutely does not work ... I mean at all ... I should have read the reviews ... do not order this product if you actually want to use if for what it was supposedly made for !
 It seemed to work fine , it was n't super comfy to wear but it was n't bad . The sound worked well , even a little bit to well as it was so loud it was annoying , and there is no way to turn it down . The mic broke after about two hours of use , I see this is very common for this product.DO NOT BUY IT .
 I ordered this for online gaming . First it did n't work . I have had several headsets -LRB- mic/headphone -RRB- so i know how they should work , pluggin ... etcThe fit was way to tight as well . Koss is not a company i would buy from again .
 Well I have to say , for the first month I 've had these , they where great , clear sound and voice . But sadly , they are just a useless as all the other headsets w / mics . One month in and the mic does n't work at all . I treated this item like it was made of solid gold , and still it is a failure in quality control department . Is everything made in China now ? I bought this item based on other customer comments and a bit of web research . I think I 'll stick to the cheap $ 15 headsets , they last about the same.Koss SB-45 Communication Stereophones
 I purchesed these headphones on dec 10 got them on the 12 and they did not work I have owned gigaware and sennhieser I tried them on two separete computers and they did not I would strongly suggest that you not buy these headphones they are comfortable but do not work .
 I bought this after reading good reviews , but unfortunately the microphone stopped working within one and half months . The headphone is comfortable on ears and sound quality is good . One disadvantage is that it does not have a volume control . And of course microphone malfunction within a few weeks of buying it makes it worthless for me .
 Usually Koss has pretty decent headphones , however these are not something you 're going to enjoy using . They work , however the sound thru the speakers is terrible , they are hot , heavy , and sweaty . After using them about 10 minutes I feel claustrophobic , and taking them off is like coming out of a dark cave and breathing a breath of fresh clean air . The mic quality is quite decent on the other end , but that does n't make up for the other shortcomings . If you intend to use these for anything other than short voice I 'd find another pair of headphones.I should note that I 'm relatively young , and still have decent hearing . I 've been formally trained as an audio tech , so my expectations for audio are rather high . That said , I was overall disappointed . I would n't spend more than $ 7 for these .
 I this because it was cheap and seemed comfortable and good for a variety of things . When I first got it , it was wonderful . Lived up to expectations fully . Then , well , then things went bad . After only about 6 months of use , the microphone died . And from looking at other reviews , it 's happened to a few other people too . But the headset still worked for listening . That 's when the ear piece just broke off one day when I was putting them on . Just broke off in my hand . The set is now garbage and useless . I would recommend a more durable , lasting headset over this one . It had so much potential .
 Purchased 3 of these for online classes . Have had them for 4 months now . After 3 months , the microphone stopped working on one . After one more month , the mic on another one stopped working . Headphones sound great , but even on the third headset that is still working , people complain occasionally about the sound quality of the microphone when hearing it on the other end . I suspect there is a design problem with them them that causes an eventual loose connection , and then a total failure of the microphone after a while .
 I was NOT satisfied with the Koss SB-45 headphones I recently purchased . I expected them to perform as well as the Koss SB-40 which I had been using for a while but I was very disappointed . The microphone used on the SB-45 does not perform as well as the microphone used on the SB-40 . This poor microphone performance does not allow for clear voice transmission or recording when using the SB-45 with the equipment we 're currently using .
 The microphone stopped working after 10 months . I think this is unacceptable -- even a low priced product like this one should last at least a year . This is my first Koss purchase and I doubt I 'll be making another . I noticed that the wire is very flimsy where it attaches to the headset itself , and the earphones were very hot and uncomfortable . I 'm going back to my Logitech .
 It pains me to have to give these Koss SB-45 Stereophones 1 star because I absolutely loved them at first . Had I written this review right after buying , it would have been a 5 star review.When I first received them and immediately began using them for Skype , recording memos -LRB- etc -RRB- - they were extremely comfortable to wear , there were zero complications with set-up for use , sound quality was fine and they even had a nice lower end -LRB- bass -RRB- register for listening to music , giving that `` full sound . '' I also thought to myself , `` Wow , the price was very reasonable for this level of quality '' since I anticipated much less to be honest . All was fine until about just after a month , maybe 40 days , if that . I have absolutely no clue what happened but first , every now and again while using an application such as Skype or listening to music , either the left or right side sound would go out and then come back on . I checked the wires and all seemed fine there . I thought perhaps it was just a fluke/glitch because that did stop happening after about a week . Unfortunately , then the mic began to quit working . It would either produce no sound input at all or the person I was speaking with would report that my voice was extremely distorted in a horrible way , impossible to understand what I was saying . I recorded a quick test and wow , it was definitely distorted horribly ! That 's when the mic quit working permanently about 2 days after that . I thought , well , I suppose I can still use them to listen to music every now and again . Lo and behold , a week later , both sides of these headphones quit working entirely as well ! I checked settings on the computer and it was all correctly entered - plus it was working and suddenly quit so I knew it was n't the computer . Also , these headphones had a stand so they were `` babied '' in a sense . They never got knocked around or anything that would cause total failure.So , literally , within just a few days past 1 month , these were nothing more than a dust collector and money down the drain ! I see that * many * other reviewers have had this identical issue so it seems to me that there are a ton of defective ones being manufactured and it 's a 50/50 chance of which type you 'll get - good or defective . I could n't be more disappointed and I unfortunately could never recommend these to anyone because you ca n't guarantee what you 're going to get . I sincerely hope this review helps you . Please feel free to ask any questions in the comments section ... I 'd be glad to help if I can .
 The microphone on these do not work . I returned the first one for a replacement , but the second one did not work much better . I am going to try a different brand .
 There 's pretty much no way to adjust these headphones to comfortably fit . Mine actually broke at the hinge on the right headphone while attempting to get these to not sit so awkwardly on my head . Fortunately I was able to fix it with a bunch of tape , but in the process of fixing it I nearly snapped the very thin and weak cord going to the left headphone.I have n't had any problems with the mic or sound but it 's a bit aggravating that there 's no way to adjust either via the headset when so many other brands seem to have this as a standard by now.These are definitely very cheap quality headphones , and I regret not getting something better quality that would have lasted more than a few months without breaking .
 I guess I did not realize how heavy and bulky this item would be . I really does muffle all sound but the weight gets to be a litte uncomforable . If you are not planning on using it for long stretches , I would recommend the purchase ; if you plan on wearing the headphones for a long stretch -- I would not .
 Good quality , solid build with excellent sound quality in both the microphone and ear phones . Ca n't use it though . They are too uncomfortable - way too tight . After 15-20 minutes my ears get unbearably hot ! I am a big guy , with a fairly big head , but still , I am not Charlie Brown ! I am retiring them immediately .
 Worked great at first . After several months of infrequent use , the mic stopped working . Would suggest spending more for a better quality product and/or purchasing a warranty .
 The headset is too tight for my head -LRB- and head width is not that wide -RRB- . There is no way to adjust the width . It is tight enough to give me a headache . I would not recommend this . -LRB- P.S. I normally do n't write reviews , but I got so fed up with the discomfort that I had to write this . -RRB-
 Everything fine with these , comfort , sound is adequate , but we 've had two sets with broken microphones . Tried on several machines -LRB- mac -RRB- , all same.The first unit failed after a couple of days of use , the second one had an inoperative mic right out of the box . Returning for a refund this time , not willing to waste any more time .
 I bought these for my wife to replace an older Yapster headset . She wanted it for playing games and for voice communication.I had read the reviews on various inexpensive headsets , and these definitely seemed to be the best bang for the buck.When they arrived , they were a little tight , but the sound quality was pretty good and she seemed to like them . So we were satisfied , at least for the time being.A month or so after we got them , however , a screw in the right earpiece came undone , loosening the entire thing . I screwed it back in , and we went on about our day . Unfortunately , the screw continued to loosen itself , but we would screw it back in at each interval.Tonight , my wife came in with the headset in two pieces . The screw had popped completely out while it was on her head and it had come apart right then and there.Unfortunately , it is now well out of Amazon 's 30-day return window , and Koss charges enough for warranty repairs to make it not worth our while to return a $ 25 headset - especially if we would get a similarly shoddy piece of workmanship back.I rarely , if ever , rate anything a single star . But this time , I feel the single star is warranted , as the headset lasted less than three months . At that price , they 're more expensive than my Logitech G930 Wireless Headset -LRB- which cost $ 100 but are over a year old and going strong -RRB- . Overall , I 'm disappointed more than angry , and determined not to give Koss any further business .
 I got these to play Left 4 Dead but lets says the headset was already a Zombie . The mic sort of works but it only picks up your voice if you almost scream in it and even then it breaks up and fades in and out . The padding on the piece that sits on your head is so thin they get uncomfortable real quick .
 Mine broke after a half year or so . All of a sudden the mic stopped working practically at the middle of conversation . Considering that I have explicitly used the microphone barely longer than 20 hours I 'd say it 's not very long life-time . Mind you the usage was moderate - once the headset was plugged in last Fall it mostly lied on the corner of my desk.While the headset was working the performance was okay . The sound was good -LRB- and still is -RRB- but , as many note in their reviews , the headset is somewhat tight so it gets uncomfortable after an hour or two.Overall , I am less than impressed .
 I bought the headset , configured the sound and all of that . Only to find out that the microphone does n't work , which was my initial use of buying this . I ca n't Skype , I ca n't do anything . I bought $ 50 headphones . Waste of money .
 I like headphones . I have a lot of headphones -LRB- around a dozen pair -RRB- . I want a headset that is fairly portable and good for both music and chat . I was looking for a more portable alternative to my Creative Fatality headset , so I was pleasantly surprised to find a set of folding cans with a microphone attached . I 've liked my other Koss headphones so far , so I figured I would give these a try . I compared them against three sets of cans and the basic summary is this
 When new the image is great on these . The bulbs last 2-3 years if you get a quality phillips bulb , off brands are junk . But after a few years all these LCD projection type TV 's , including Sony SXRD , JVC HDILA etc. have optical block issues which starts as yellow or greenish tint spots and slowly spreads to the entire image . The only fix is to replace the optical block unit which is more expensive than a new 60 '' TV .
 The layout on this case was n't designed for the Canon EOS 5D Mark II . I am not sure exactly which camera it was made for -LRB- possibly the Canon EOS 5D -RRB- . The vendor nicely refunded me on this mistake , so AAA + + + to them for that .
 I 'm a serious armature outdoor photographer.Recently , I bought a MADE Products CA-1113-BLK SLR Camera Armor for Canon 5D Digital SLR -LRB- Black -RRB- . It 's a peace of junk !! This camera armor was not fit my camera properly !! The rubber is too tight which will prevent you from controlling your camera.I was also fell uncomfortable when I try to change the lens.Lens armor is too small . I wound not recommend anyone to spend money on it.It 's not worth your hard earn money .
 I bought this product after dropping my Canon 5D and having to take it in for service . Ug . Anyway , I managed to tear the `` armor '' trying to install it on my camera . My mistake , I suppose . The thing is , even if I could have gotten it on without damage , it makes the camera too bulky for my taste . Features were harder to access and I could tell right off , this was n't going to be the solution for me . I realize there are n't a lot of options but I do n't think this is worth the money .
 MADE CA-1113-BLK SLR Camera Armor for Canon 5D Digital SLR -LRB- Black -RRB- It may be a reasonable protection from direct hit or drop , but the material it 's made from collects way too many dust particals and debris on its surface , in addition it slowes down operation of the camera by adding additional leyer to the controls .
 the cover fit nicely but seems to collect static dust and small hairs all over the rubber which made me a bit skeptical as to how good it is in the longrun as the digital sensors have a hard time when dust gets on the sensor , creating more work in the long run to keep it clean . I prefer to avoid the dust and hairs on the body exterior as much as possible and once they are on there the static charge makes them difficult to get off . Dont know if I will even use this now . but if you are in extreme weather conditions than the casing itself would provide some good , extra protection .
 Len protection must be made for only small lens like a 50mm . Does not fit on most of the lens I use . The Canon 5D model makes the camera too big , even for my large hands . It does attract dust . It makes attaching lens very difficult .
 I placed my order to this seller and they just cancelled my order without any notification . I checked my email and bunk mail , but found nothing . Amazon.com explained that is because they are out of stock , so they can just cancelled it . If you want to order this item , be prepared the seller would do the same thing to you . They would just erase their record from your account without any explaination . And amazon.com could not do anything about their decision .
 I can not review this item since I have not received it so far at the shipping address I gave Amazon when I did the purchase.I bought four items , and I only got two of them by mail.What happened to the other two items ? - KOSS Stereo In Ear Ear Plugs - The Spark Plug -LRB- Purchased on 09/15/2006 -RRB- - Apple iPod USB Travel Kit with Car Charger , Travel Adapter & Cable -LRB- Purchased on 09/15/2006 -RRB- WHO KNOWS ...
 The price on these was right - but the quality of the product is pretty horrible . The rigiht ear piece is basically dead now after about a month of use daily . It seems like putting them in your ear breaks the speaker cone or something . Would not buy again . When they did work they sounded O.K. . But I would 've been better off putting my $ 8 towards a better pair .
 I ordered these because most reviews were favorable and they were inexpensive . I plugged them in to my Sansa C150 and they sounded average , at best . Yes they sounded better than my OEM buds but not by much . The bass was actually too deep and treble response weak -LRB- even after adjusting my equalizer settings -RRB- . As for comfort , they felt good and stayed in well.I just expected better from a 4 + star rating .
 These probably work well for someone with small ears . I 'm no Dumbo , but I could n't get the foam to seal properly . These earbuds hurt my ears ... if you want to know what it feels like , take a sharp pencil and jab it into your ear . The sound was fine . Would have been better rated if different size foam covers were provided .
 Stay away from these headphones . They sound really bad , most $ 5 headphones at walmart will sound better than these . Stay away from these ! I warned you .
 I bought these earbuds to replace the bulky ones that came with my mp3 player , and every time I run with them in I wonder if I made the right decision . The left one does n't even stay in my ear past a mile or so , and they make a yucky sticking sound in my ear canals with every step . The sound may be good , but it 's only possible to concentrate on the sound when walking !
 I was disappointed in the size of these buds . I thought they would be smaller . I probably wo n't use them .
 When I purchased these I was very pleased with them except for the very long cord that seemed to get tangled on everything . I finally got a twist tie from a loaf of bread and tied some of the cord together with it . I use this in a Generation 5 Nano Ipod and I did not experience the bass problems that others have noted.They give you two sets of foam inserts with the ear buds and my biggest problem is having them fall out of my ears . Each day they seemed to be worse and today I finally had to turn off my Ipod and forget it because it was such a pain to keep putting them back in my ears . I have only had these about a month and even with the low price , I expect them to last more than a couple of months . If the second set of foam inserts are not any better than the first , that is all I will get out of them.If you sit in a chair or lay on a bed and listen through these they would probably be fine but I wanted to listen to them while I walked around town , worked in my shop and other moderatly active times . Anyway , I would not buy them again and I will probably go back to the ear buds that came with the Ipod until I can find another set that is comfortable and lasts longer .
 I purchased these headphones as a replacement for my set of ear buds -LRB- Koss SPARKPLUG - Stereo In Ear Ear Plugs . They came with a little white case and an extra set of the foam covers . The bass was a little strong , but I 'm far from an audiophile , so it was n't an issue . I just turned the bass reducer setting for my ipod on and I did n't notice it anymore . What really bothered me was the mute button . Every time I so much as brushed against the button , my headphones would cut out . More recently , after no more than 10 short uses , the headphones would only play out of one ear . I was furious , since this is the reason I end up replacing all of my headphones . It was n't the usual damaged wire that was causing the problem , though ; the mute button somehow became slightly dislodged . When I wiggle the button , the sound goes from ear to ear .
 While others have found these buds to be pretty good , my set is horrid . They have underdamped bass , overbearing `` boxy '' mids and dull high end . The tape mod helps a little but not enough to make them listenable . I suspect that there 's a lot of variation from one set to another -- they 're cheap , so cutting corners on quality control would n't be a surprise . For the price they 're worth a gamble but be forewarned . I 've had much better luck with the Koss Plug -LRB- not `` spark `` plug -RRB- units .
 If you want cheap , knock-around earbuds , these should fit the bill . Make no mistake about it , they sound like $ 11 earbuds . Taping up the holes to subdue the sloppy base helps but does not turn them into a great set .
 From the moment you open the box , you realize how cheap these earbuds are . Granted , they cost $ 10 , but the foam looks like it was ripped from a stained seat cushion and barely fits in your ear . Once you manage to squeeze them in , they gradually expand and fall out within about 10 seconds.Seriously , they 're inexpensive , but they 're still not worth it . Go with the JBuds or another product . Koss makes great sounding products , but these earbuds are simply a poor fit for your ears .
 These earbuds are n't very comfortable , which might be handleable if they actually worked well . They do n't though , so much so that attempting to listen to an audiobook left me unable to decipher whole sentences . I gave up in frustration , and was more than happy to go back to my ipod earbuds . Do n't waste your time .
 I had owned two sets of a previous version of the Koss Plugs and they have been the best headphones I have ever owned . They have become a bit ratty from extensive use so I was looking for a replacement . I figured these new Koss Sparkplugs had to be an improvement over my originals but I was very wrong . Whereas I would listen to my MP3 player with flat equilizer settings on my original plugs I now have to use a very weird user defined setting having almost all of the lower frequencies set as low as possible and increasing the higher frequencies . Even with the adjustments I ca n't seem to make them sound as good as my original plugs . I guess I will be in search of either someplace that sells the old version of the plug or a new manufacture 's earplugs .
 Bought these along with the Sennheiser CX300 . I wanted headphones that isolate environmental noise . Apparently , the various reviewers wrote these were the best for the money . Well for $ 13 I guess you ca n't find anything better but that 's like saying I paid $ 25 for the best bang-for-the-buck mp3 player . Of course whatever mp3 player for $ 25 is certainly going to be the best for the money considering most competent mp3 players cost $ 150 . Sound Isolation
 I bought these earphones and they lasted about 6 months until the left plug just stopped working . Stupidly , I went to buy them again and got the ones with the mute button - even worse . The button is really sensitive to pressure and the just touching the wires makes the sound cut in and out . This happened after a few days of buying them . Now it is about a month after buying them and they hardly work . I 've read reviews on other websites and I am not the only one this has happened to .
 At one point , reviewers were saying that these were better than the old , purple ` The Plug ' earphones that Koss did a few years back . I have a pair of those , and they are not bad - lacking in treble detail though.I got 2 pair of these Sparkplug earphones , hoping that they would improve on the sound quality of the older style . Alas , this was not to be.Pros : * Cheap * LightweightCons : * Waaaaaay too much bass . Even more than the old Plug phones , and that was too much . * Next to no treble . The old ones were not good , but these are appalling . How can you not get treble out of a speaker cone that 's less than 1/2 '' diameter ? Conversely , how can you get tons of bass ? These people have achieved the impossible . * Rubbery , tacky insulation on the wires . This results in them getting snagged on everything and anything , including itself . * The supplied foam earplugs are too small for my ears . The ones on the old Plug phones were way bigger , and you got about 3 pairs !
 I really wanted to try these plug headphones since I travel on the plane a lot . It 's cheap , looks good.Sound : First off , I was severely surprised at how bad the sound was . It sounded like all the music was coming through a tube or tunnel , very hollow sound . Also , the bass was overwhelming -LRB- annoying loud and boomy , not nice and solid -RRB- and I could n't stand listening to bass-heavy music . It 's like when a car pulls up beside you and your brain rattles from the bass he has , but you ca n't hear much of the rest . These plugs have that effect.I was able to custom EQ like crazy to get rid of the too-heavy bass , not present highs , and unbalanced mids , but still the sound was worse than a lot of earphones in the < $ 15 price range . I could see trying to use them for a movie , maybe for an hour or so , but I probably would n't use them after that.Comfort : The included foam earplugs did n't work for me . They were very slow to expand , so I could n't get them to stick in my ear very easily . They would usually slip out , and were n't very comfortable while they worked to boot.With the discomfort and the poor sound , I really do n't see any reason why anyone should buy these earplugs . I 'd save the money , but a good pair of normal earphones , and suffer the sound temporarily . What good is blocking out the sound if it 's annoyingly bass-heavy and loud and you still ca n't understand what people are saying on the DVD , for the few minutes that the plug stays in your ear?For good cheap phones , look at the Koss KSC75 's ; they 're the absolute best cheap earphone ever , and much better -LRB- ! -RRB- than these Plugs .
 Well after six months of seldom use and many untanglings the Sparks have become Sparkless ! Apparently a wire has become frayed where you plug them into your listening device . On the Koss website they want $ 6.00 for S & h to replace . No way go for a different brand . The tape I had to use over the outer holes to reduce bass was annoying as well .
 I puchased a set of these Koss `` Sparkplugs '' from Amazon a few months ago and used them occasionally . The sound is fairly good , certainly acceptable for the reasonable price . But the earphones are really too delicate . The left earplug has already broken into two halves -LRB- front and back -RRB- . I will try and `` crazy glue '' the two pieces back together and hope for the best . I 'm a bit annoyed that they broke so easily .
 I rarely write product reviews but I felt compelled to write one about the Koss Sparkplug XT Earbud headphones that I bought recently at Borders . First of all , Koss is nice enough to supply two spare foam buds to replace the ones attached to the headphones -- however , one of the buds in the package I bought was smashed like a stepped-on Gummi Drop -- for my money , I expect everything in the package to be in top condition , and it was n't . Second , the sound quality on these things is AWFUL . It 's like listening to music underwater . It sounded to me like 90 % bass , 3 % midrange , 7 % treble . I listened to a jazz piano track , and the piano sounded like it was coming from another room three doors down the hall . Finally , the earbuds were uncomfortable . They fill your entire ear and after a while , it almost hurt to leave them in my ears . Earbuds should be comfortable , even after a couple hours of listening . These were n't . Normally , I would 've just returned the item , except that Borders does n't accept returns on the headphones they sell -- maybe because they know they 're selling lousy product . So now I have to go through the process of returning this junk to the manufacturer and hoping they 'll give me a refund . The next day , I bought a pair of Sony earbuds for considerably more money at Circuit City , and they 're perfect -- great fit , great sound .
 Excited to see what I thought I was an alternative to the overpriced Sony headphones , I purchased these headphones.Upon first use , I found the sound to be OK . However , I was wrong . Talk radio was OK though when I switched back to my older Sony 's I realized that bass dominates the sound spectrum . Upon switching to the radio and listening to top 40 , rap , country , and classical music I felt the bass dominated to an undesirable level.WEAR COMFORT
 Is it my ears , or do these Ear Plugs sound just plain bad ? Once I had them out of the package , I regretted buying them . Poor build quality , cheap looking plastic . The soft material fit into my ear canal alright , but the `` deep , rich sound '' everybody was raving about ... I just could n't hear it . I was so disappointed , I threw them into the garbage . My worst purchase this year . $ 12 completely wasted .
 My first try at in-ear phones for ipod nano . I use mostly at gym where these things are impossible to keep in your ears once even one drop of sweat appears . Also , after two or three weeks the right channel is pretty much gone , barley audible . When they did work , sound quality was good and ambient sound isolation was fair . Only redeeming factor was that these were cheap . Makes me wonder about trying other in-ear phones . I 'd hate to spend more money and find the same problems .
 Something else that will end up in the landfill . Will people ever learn ? It 's just another $ 10 peice of junk . At first you will think they are not too bad and were worth the $ 10 . But after a while you will realize you wasted another $ 10 in your life . There is no free lunch . Can you say ER 6 i ? Cry once .
 They never stay in your ear , that why I gave it a negative review . The audio quality is not so bad though , I appreciated the bass from playing music but they would would always fall off out of my ear so whats the point ?
 I bought these ear plugs for a road trip I was taking with my 8 and 5 year old boys , and these were recommended because they `` mold '' to your ear , and should have worked well for the young ones . WRONG . They did n't `` mold '' they fell out every two minutes for the whole trip . My kids were miserable . I would up stopping on the road and buying an over-the-ear style that works much better for the kids . As for sound quality - they complained about a hissing sound . I would n't recommend them .
 These Koss headphones were a disappointment . They were bought as an improvement for the stick Sansa headphones and were actually worse . I ended up giving them away . I would steer clear of these and spend the money for a better set if you are looking to improve the sound of what came with your MP3 player .
 Este producto es de buena calidad en sus componentes externos , pero la verdad no me sirvieron para lo que necesitaba , para monitoreo , tiene poca definicion de bajos y medios asi que si lo quieres para escuchar tu musica en tu MP4 Player esta bien , pero no te desgastes tanto ...
 These plugs lasted about 4 hrs . before the right one stopped working . I bought these brand new from Amazon direct and called to return them shortly after receiving them . Sound Quality was not all the great and kinda muddy no matter how they were placed in your ears . I would not recommend these at all but your mileage may vary ...
 Based on the reviews I thought I 'd finally found quality earbuds that did n't hurt . My ears must be made differently because these hurt as much as all the cheaper brands I 've tried . Not much to say other than that .
 When the wire of my iPod earbuds broke , I naturally began searching for a similar earbud . I found this one and figured I would try it out -LRB- good reviews , decent price ... why not right ? -RRB- . It was seriously disappointed by the earbuds performance for the following reasons :1 . The Bass is Excessive - I listen to rock and hate how much bass these things pump out . It ruins the songs and is not adjustable .2 . It is Very Difficult to Fit the Buds into your Ear - It takes me on average half a minute just to get these things in . That may not seem like a lot but when you 're on the go or want to listen to music right away it is extremely annoying . Expect to constantly have to adjust them to keep them from falling out .3 . Poorly Designed - My iPod earbuds were very flexible . I took them everywhere and could always depend on them . I would run with them , hang out with them , do work with them , etc. . I ca n't do all that with these . The wire on this is made of a cheap , sticky rubbery material which produces significant friction every time I bump up against something or hit these things with my arm/hand . As a result the buds usually come flying out of my ears or need to be readjusted at least once or twice every time i use them.Yes they are cheap . Yes they look cool online . But beware of a terrible user experience .
 These head phones were not what I expected . Koss makes great ear buds but these do n't have that deep bass sound to them . They are cheap and I would not get these earbuds again .
 These ear buds have very poor sound and are obviously very cheap . I would avoid them and purchase something better next time .
 I have never thought of my ears as small , but these ear plugs do n't fit well into my ear canal - they 're too fat . So they 're constantly falling out . The sound quality is good , but not worth the hassle of having to constantly put them back in .
 I am tired of headphones falling out while I run , so I bought these headphones . They do stay in a bit better than other earbud style headphones , but not much better and at a cost . First , they still fell out and I was constantly pushing them back in while running -LRB- frustrating ! -RRB- . Second , they sound terrible ! They produce a very low , muffled bass note that overpowers all other notes . Even with a custom eq of no bass , no mid , and all treble , I could barely hear over the loose base notes.My recommendation ? Do n't buy them ! I wanted to be an advocate of these headphones and was excited to have them arrive . I was pulling for them to be something great , and was nothing but disappointed .
 i am a fan of koss earphones and have a purchased a few different pair in my lifetime and was never disappointed . these ear `` plugs '' are very comfortable but sound muffled and bassy . i was very disappointed . i immediately went to best buy and bought a pair of sony mdr-ex51Lp high performance earplugs . They are overpriced , but not uncomfortable and sound fantastic . you can actually hear the highs and mid range . i was hoping for comfortable earbuds that sound great for a fair price . buy the sony 's .
 The sound is a very deep base , even with the tiny holes on the outside of the ear pieces covered by tape . The sound produced is loud , and my mp3 player needs to be turned down to it 's lowest volume setting . The plugs that fit in the ears are uncomfortable , and tend to fall out when I jog .
 Here in the Czech Republic , electronics are insanely over-priced . These earplugs , for instance , were roughly the equivalent of $ 40 USD . And having had good experience with Koss headphones in the past , I was really expecting high quality from them.I was surprised by how much bass these things kicked out - and at 112 dB ! But to make room for all that throbbing , totally unresolved bass , the mid-range was pushed all the way back and the treble was sacrificed COMPLETELY ! There were no more highs in any of my music . What should have sounded bright and open was reproduced obscured , blurred , muffled and buried under sloppy , sloppy bass.I normally listen to all my music with a Flat EQ setting , trusting the musicians and their production engineers to have recorded and provided the sound of their talents as they meant for me to experience them . That proved impossible to do with these earplugs . Selecting either the Bass Reduction or Treble Booster EQ settings on my iPod did n't help . Neither did any of the other EQ settings . These earplugs simply do n't reproduce sound anywhere close to the source material.If all you listen to is bass-heavy rumbling of some kind or other , then these plugs are for you . But if you value high-fidelity -LRB- even mid-fidelity ! -RRB- of ANY kind whatsoever , then avoid these earplugs at all costs . You 'd hear your music better through a set of ear muffs!These ear plugs are TERRIBLE ! I 'm only giving them one Star because I 'm required to . Frankly , zero Stars is n't a low enough rating . Hey , Amazon ! Could you add Black Holes to the rating system ? I 'd give these ear plugs two Black Holes . Okay , one Black Hole
 because that 's what i 'd rather have lodged in my ear , and at least i 'd get better sound quality out of them.Bought these after reading other glowing reviews . Someone specifically recommended these after claiming to be ` somewhat of an audiophile ' . i 'd love to put a file to that person 's audio after wasting my hard earned cash based on their recommendation.I rarely write reviews of anything , but due to the utter disappointment of these duds , I felt compelled to ward off any other unwary consumers :1 -RRB- Terrible sound . Some claim these have lots of bass -- which i thought would be ok since i like rap and other genres w heavy bass . but other sound frequencies also sound awful . imagine what alexander graham bell must have heard when he invented the telephone because that 's what the sparkplug must sound like .2 -RRB- Comfort is awful . I tried using these in my bed , as i like to watch old rerun movies on my ipod before sleeping . but the earduds kept stabbing my eardrums . if i rested on one side of my head , they would smash my eardrum so much i could n't hear out of it . the one-size fits all pads also feel like sticking an oversized wad of half-dried glue in your ear canals . i do n't know which i dread more -- the snail-like feel of these pads or the wet willies i used to suffer as a freshman in high school.after initially reading the reviews , i thought i had found an alternative to the sony fontopias -- which have great comfort and sound quality , but whose earbuds keep falling off and getting lost faster than george w 's staff . the search continues.in summary -- do not buy . these are by far the worst earphones i have ever bought and i 've bought a few .
 Okay , they only cost $ 12 , so I ca n't complain too much - however , I 'm do n't ever use them anymore , so while I only wasted $ 12 , I did WASTE $ 12.1 . Noise isolation is okay . When they stayed in my ears , they did a pretty good job of blocking out external noise . The problem was that the foam earpieces fit in my ear 80 % of the time - I did n't have to adjust them too often , just often enough to be irritating . If they had better sound , I might have been willing to live with it . Forget about jogging or running , as they fall out every minute or two .2 . Koss claims you can reverse the earpieces for a more `` custom fit '' , but the foam pieces would n't snap on in the reverse for me . Small gripe , but do n't advertise an option that does n't exist .3 . The sound quality is VERY poor . The earbuds that came with my ipod have better sound quality than this . The noise isolating foam only accentuates this - with the background noise gone , you can hear the ` phones crappy sound in all its undiluted glory . I like music with bass , but describing them as having `` heavy bass '' is like describing an apartment with no roof as having a skylight ; the sound is so fuzzy as to make the high end nearly incomprehensable - I could barely hear the lyrics to songs , and everything in the mid-range is just gone . Taping over the airholes helped , as the `` bass '' was no longer drowning out everything else , but it was still all fuzzy and muddled . Yeah , I know I was getting a cheap pair of headphones , but I could have just stuck with a free pair !
 Sound is pretty decent , I have n't had the glaring issues others have . It sounded comparable to but slightly worse than my JVC HA-FX34 Marshmallows that I intended to replace with these . The bass is there , but the higher frequencies do n't come through as clearly as I would like . Again comparing it to the Marshmallows , the spark plugs lack the presence I feel with the other earbuds.The construction is very light weight . The big earpieces probably fit most ears , but they did not fit mine very well . They always felt like they were on the verge of falling out , though I never ran with them to see if this would happen -LRB- this problem is easily remedied by buying silicone replacement eartips , but that is beyond the responsibility of the consumer at this price range -RRB- . Also , the cord would not straighten out and is prone to tangling.It 's OK overall but I would not buy another , considering the Marshmallows are about the same price and more widely available in stores .
 horrible headphones , i really dont understand how people can tolerate the sound quality from these headphones . Please stay far far away , buy ep630 's or jvc marshmellows and get the best sound for your money !
 I received these `` Spark Plugs '' along with a set of the Koss KSC75 headphones . These earphones sound very muffled . The price was great but I wish that I ordered two sets of the KSC75 instead of getting the `` Spark Plugs '' . Do not get both , you will be disappointed by the Spard Plugs .
 I just bought these headphones at a CompUSA store that is closing and I ca n't return them . Even though they were only $ 15 they are n't worth a penny . I can barely hear anything that comes out of them , they fall out of my ears , and are very uncomfortable . I really think anyone that rates this higher than one star is being paid for their reviews . I will sell these to anyone that wants to see how much they suck for half the price I got them.Buyers beware ! These headphones suck no matter what they cost . I could get better quality form dollar store headphones . Stay away !!! I hate them so much I felt like I needed write a review . At least I 'll know I might save one poor shmuck $ 15 .
 I really like this headset because I have small ears and standard earbuds will not stay in my ears . To date , however , I have gone through 4 sets . Though the sound quality is good , the headset seems to quit after about 6 months . Granted , I listen to my Nano nightly for 2 or more hours per night , but I am quite gentle with them . Can one be more gentle than to listen while sleeping ?! Standard Apple-issue earbuds last longer , but lose their little covers all the time , which is annoying . If you really want to try in-ear buds , these are good ones if you can get them cheap and in bulk . Just do n't expect long-term performance . And consider super-gluing the earplugs onto the main earpiece -LRB- carefully so you do n't plug up the sound ! -RRB- . I found this really reduced my chances of losing them .
 1 -RRB- To put these earbuds in , you need to roll the foam , insert/wiggle it into your ear , then hold it there while the foam expands in your ear . Then repeat for the other ear . Every time .2 -RRB- Once in , they sound very boomy . Studio recordings began to sound like cheap live bootlegs . Apparently this boominess can be fixed by sticking superglue/tape over the airholes ? But then they 'd still take a minute to put on every morning -LRB- as in Drawback # 1 -RRB- . On the plus side , they DO seal out a lot of outside noise . The problem is , the noise they make in your ears is even worse !
 Where to begin ? These are simply horrible earphones . To begin with their sound reproduction is terrible . As you will read in other reviews it is very muddy , mids and highs hardly exist . The low end is there , but not at all tight . Next up is the fit ... I never considered I had small ear `` openings '' , but I guess I must because these things hardly fit in place . When they are in the feeling is uncomfortable since the foam continually tries to expand and creates a lot of pressure . These are supposed to have a ` memory ' foam that you squeeze down and insert into your ear canals and allow to expand . Well the problem is they have `` short-term-memory '' because immediately after you release the foam from squeezing it , it returns to its expanded state leaving you with mere seconds to try and shove it in your ears . The overall construction of the earphone is cheaply made , but then again you ca n't expect much for this price.The sound isolation is good , since you 've got foam stuck in your ears . Which by the way the foam plus the odd looking drivers do in fact make it look like you have sparkplugs stuck in your ears -LRB- hence the product name -RRB- . If you are into looking goofy , this may be a plus.Overall I see no reason in owning these headphones unless your only requirement is blocking out as much ambient noise as possible and sound reproduction is unimportant . Maybe if you cut down trees all day with a chainsaw , these are the earphones for you . Otherwise in my opinion spend your money elsewhere.Not recommended .
 I 've been on a quest for decent ear buds for ages and someone recommended these to me . They have to be the worst ear buds I 've ever had . Firstly , they do n't stay in your ears at all . I choose the smallest bud and they still pop out . Because the buds have changable ends they always come off in my purse and I have to search for the stupid thing . Finally , they get soooo tangled its crazy . Since these do n't come with a case or anything they just get un-usable in your purse and require minutes of finding the ear pieces and untangling them every time you want to use them .
 I was expecting to use in gym , if you have such an intention do not even think about buying . Pooor !!!
 They sound real muddy , All bass , no back ground sound , You get what you pay for ,
 I bought these and returned them the next day . I 'm quite familiar with the material used for the earplug pieces as it 's the same stuff I used to use for ear plugs in my shop . If you get 3 months out of these , I 'd be shocked . And it 's a good thing they 're black too because you 'd be disgusted by how filthy this foam gets when it 's bright yellow.As for the sound
 I have been a stereo connoisseur since the 70 's and have always studied and only bought the best for the money value . About 6 years ago , i bought a pair of Koss Spark Plugs and still have them . The pair that i bought 6 years ago are the most comfortable ear plugs that i have ever had and they still have exceptional base . However , i wanted another pair for my wife and when they arrived they had NO BASE whatsoever . They are extemely `` tinny '' in sound and even my wife acknowledged that they did not sound good at all . They are the exact same look and name , but apparently Koss does n't do quality control anymore and I would suggest buying another brand , preferrably American made . These apparently are made in China , where all bad products come from .
 Great set of ear plugs . For the price they ca n't be beat .
 GOOD :1 - Noticeable -LRB- but not significant -RRB- reduction in ambient noise levels.BAD :1 - Very uncomfortable fit , especially when worn for any length of time . They constantly feel like they are about to fall out of your ears . You will be adjusting constantly to get a good fit .2 - Ear foam is same material as those disposable ear plugs you get from drug store . They will not last very long .3 - Flimsy , cheaply made wires .4 - All you hear is Bass and even that is very muddied . Music sounds like you are listening through a closed door in another room .5 - There is a noticeble background `` hum '' coming from the earphones when no music is playing .6 - The ear plugs stick out - they look like Frankenstein 's neck bolts.BOTTOM LINE : These ear phones are way overpriced at $ 15 . Spend an extra $ 10 and get a pair of Sony Fontopia EX51 's instead . They provide much better sound , are more durable , and more comfortable . An extra $ 15 will get you the new EX81 's which are even better than the 51 's .
 I was really hopeful with these in-ear headphones . Unfortunately neither I nor my wife was able to get these to stay in our ears . I 've tried several of these and found the Shure SE110 to be the best one ...
 Honestly would not recommend putting any money into these headphones . I bought them a few months ago and within 1 month the functionality on the left earbud started fading out and a few weeks later completely stopped working . Luckily I had a RadioShack insurance purchased for $ 5 -LRB- which I justified since I saved $ 10 when they were on sale -RRB- and had to cash this in in < 2 months . Went through the whole RMA process of sending back to RadioShack and waiting 2 weeks for them to send me a cash card for the amount on my receipt . They gave me the cash card and I purchased a brand new set of headphones -LRB- which were no longer on sale -RRB- , just to find out that the functionality on the left earbud was faded on this as well ! Well , it turned out not to be worthwhile to have bought insurance again since I paid a total of about $ 15 just to get the headphones exchanged , when I could have just not been cheap and bought some good quality headphones.I think the functionality of these headphones are adversely affected by the mute button which causes a continuous static sound and a constant muting/unmuting on the left earbud . This can be remedied -LRB- for a few minutes -RRB- by twisting the area around the mute button and pressing the mute button -LRB- or some such combination -RRB- , but the quality again frustratingly degrades when your hands are no longer free . I would n't recommend going cheap with these Koss products because you 'll just end up spending more money to constantly replace them than you would by getting a good pair once .
 Like several other reviews here , I had purchased a set of these about three years ago . Those headphones sounded great with clear highs and umbelevable bass for such small drivers . My old ones were getting a little worn , so I decided to purchase these . What a disappointment ! The new ones are tinny sounding with little bass . They ca n't handle the same amount of power that the older headphones handle with ease . The new ones come with a straight plug , the old design comes a curved plug . Beware , looks like the accountants and not the engineers have won again .
 These are good while they last -LRB- which is not very long -RRB- around 2-3 months . I 've had about 4 of these because I do n't want to be carrying them around , but always want to have them handy . The cable quality is extremely bad in all the ones I 've owned . They have not been abused since I do n't carry them around and if I compare them to the the ones I use with my nokia cell phone which are really abused you can tell the difference , the cable for these feels really thin .
 I bought two pairs of Sparkplugs a few years ago and was hugely satisfied with them , especially the sound quality
 Do n't waste your money . Buy 2 pairs of Koss KSC75 's or a pair of J-bud 's . The sparkplugs sound terrible ... all muffled bass .
 Maybe my ear holes are smaller than everybody elses . These things fall out of my ear when I smile , or when I frown , and I get a complete upper body workout when I walk with them on ... first it 's one falling out , then the other . They would be best used with super glue . I really do n't understtand ear buds , give me headphones with the over-the-head band anytime .
 If you 're considering these headphones for use with a motorcycle helmet , skip them and get `` The Plug '' headphones , also by Koss . The bodies of the Sparkplug version are too large unless you have a really loose helmet . I 've also had issues with the plastic bodies separating -LRB- they snap back together -RRB- trying to fit them under my helmet .
 On the positive side , these can be comfortable to wear and provide decent sound isolation.However , I find the sound to have way to much bass for my taste . I followed the suggested mod to tape over the holes in the back , and that makes a big difference . However , the result is still too flat sounding to me .
 I tried these on an iPod Nano and listened to an audiobook . The voice sounded very muffled and hard to comprehend . This is after I set the iPod 's EQ to `` spoken work '' . There has got to be something better out there .
 let 's face it , the price is a huge attraction here . and with koss ' track record with inexpensive phones that sound good -LRB- see the KSC75 's -RRB- , it 's logical to think they may deliver again with the sparkplug.well , i 'm afraid it 's just not in the cards for the sparkplug . let 's look at a few things : the cord
 I compared the Koss `` Spark Plugs '' to the Sony 829 's , and there was no comparison . The Sony 's sounded sooooo much better for about the same price -LRB- why buy a $ 300 MP3 player that sounds bad ? -RRB- . The heavy bass on the Koss was way too much -LRB- reminds me of an AM radio -RRB- , no treble at all , I had to hyper adjust my equilizer and that still was n't good enough to rescue the Koss earbuds.However , the Sony 's did n't fit my ear -LRB- they stayed in fine when I held both hands over my ears , but made typing difficult -RRB- and the Koss fit wonderfully . What 's a person to do ? I returned them both and will try the Sony 51 's .
 These headphones are inexpensive but do not function very well . First , I had difficulty with them staying in my ears when I run . Second , the sound quality is poor and after a few uses , I am not getting much sound out of the right side at all . Third , the cord seems to be made of a material that must have been specially designed to tangle as much and as often as possible.I do n't have any other suggestions but intend to order a set that is more likely to stay in during exercise and am willing to pay more if it means I will obtain reasonable sound quality .
 Got these as well as one other pair . Twice now the left ear `` Plug '' has gone out in both sets . This includes the replacment set going bad as well . In my opinion it is mainly a design flaw . The wire is too thin for the thin insulator . They should make a thicker insulator and thicker coupling at the `` Plugs '' if the resistance needed to obtain performance , needs to remain constant.Also
 These koss headphones are decent , I heard they were not that reliable and people were right . They will repair any headphones for a flat rate of 14 bucks . One problem these are 12 dollar headphones ! They fit in the ear in a strange way that causes them to fall out . I recommend buying some phillips headphones , They fit in the ear much better and sound more balanced . These do have a nice sound though -LRB- besides the muddy bass -RRB- what im trying to say is stop being cheap and go buy something a little more and save yourself the trouble of needing to replace these .
 the quality is bad , not at all convenient . sound sucks , foam pads are too bad ...
 The earlier version of these sound and fit much better , get those instead .
 These are not the usual quality associated with the Koss brand . The compress and expand fit for the ear buds are difficult to manipulate and uncomfortable to wear for any length of time . The sound reproduction is also very poor , almost muddy in effect . I threw them away and bought a pair from Sony which were far superior at about the same price .
 The cable broke at the plug less than 2 months after I bought it . Very uncomfortable . Save yourself the trouble and get proper phones .
 A friend recommended Koss Plugs ; the Sparkplugs seemed to be newer -LRB- and had supersaver shipping -RRB- so I got them instead . I 'm happy with the sound -- nice and clear , no boomy bass like so many earbuds have these days -- and the noise isolation is amazing , vastly better than standard rubber-plug earbuds . -LRB- They do whistle a bit outside if there 's any wind ; a bit of tape over the holes on the outside , as recommended by another reviewer fixes that . -RRB- The down side is that the plastic part is too big to fit my ears , so after 20 minutes they 're painful , and changing the cushion did n't help . So I 've given up on them and switched to Koss Plugs , which are much more comfortable .
 I used to buy these before but the last pair I just got the soundhad no base any more and it was all tinny and weak . A big disappointment.What has Koss done to what was once a great product ?? I will never buy these again .
 They were OK , then they broke after only a month of use . Manufacturer will fix , but the shipping back cost close to what a new pair would be .
 The earphones has nice bass which is perfect for listening to hip hop music . The fit of the earphones is bad since it will constantly fall off during physical activity . I bought the ear plugs 1 months ago and it has stopped working because the wires of the ear plugs connecting the the mp3 player was broken , a sing of bad quality . To make things worse , customer suppport was unavailable-i called the koss customer support and received a recorded message stating that `` its offices are relocating and uable to take any calls '' . What a waste of money for a bad earplug .
 I love bass , love love love it . But the bass on these were completely overpowering . And even using the EQ it did n't help much.I read other reviews who said teh same about the bass , and I was excited because I really like to have a lot of bass , but again , just too much .
 Unfortunately the quality of sound with these ear plugs is extremely poor.The experience is one of being in a cave or barrel with severelyaccentuated low frequency response and no mids or highs.The fit within the ear canal is terrible with severe irritation of theskin surface within the ear after short use.External noise blocking seems absent , so I doubt these ear plugs will beof any help in diminishing aircraft flight noise .
 Well , at least they only cost 10 $ For that amount , I 'm not so disappointed that I ca n't get out of bed in the morning or anything . HOWEVER I wish I had taken the 10 $ and put it towards a better quality pair of headphones.There is ZERO bass thorugh these little buds .
 When I bought these I was looking at them for my MP3 player . However , I found `` Smokin Buds '' Inkd earphones for same price and far superior comfort , sound and general wearability . My wife and daughter liked the fact that they could get colors to match their ipods - and neither of them liked the spark plugs - too `` squishy '' and too heavy , and they tend to slide out if exercising .
 I bought these stereo ear buds a few months ago . Initially , I thought they were good even great . The sound quality is good due to them being placed in the inner ear and the sound dampening also increases the quality . But then as time wore on I had problems with the foam becoming too soft and therefore not fitting well in my ear . With the ill-fit they began to fall out of my ears with the slightest movement . But the treachery did not stop there . Shortly after they began to fall out a new issue cropped up . The mute button , which I really never used because the sound dampening of the foam made impossible to hear without removing the buds completely , began to short out . The faintest touch to the button caused static and slight muting . Just having the mute button rest on my shirt would cause the music to cut out . Sometimes there was a problem in the right ear , other times it was the left or even both . I tried to cover the button with heavy plastic but that did not work.To sum up , if you plan on keeping these ear buds for longer than a couple of months DO NOT BUY THEM . In the long run you will wind up disappointed and frustrated . Due to the stupid mute button and foam with no memory to it .
 These headphones absolutely stink . They look horrible -LRB- imagine the bolts that stick out of the side of Frankenstein 's neck coming out of your ears -RRB- , the wire is thing and cheap , the foam insert is cheap , and they flatout do n't sound good.I bought these about two months ago , used them three times , and here I am , back at Amazon buying a new pair . Do yourselves a favor , and spend the money on a good set of headphones . I would honestly rather use the headphones you get on an airline than sue these Koss Plug headphones again .
 I had read good things about these phones -LRB- on this site and others -RRB- , but I found these headphones to be basically unusable -LRB- especially if using an iPod shuffle which has no EQ -RRB- . There is no upper mid range at all and the bass is totally booming . The sound on these is akin to plugging a stereo into a bass amp -LRB- I could barely make out the vocals -RRB- . It is very muddy sounding as well -LRB- and I am no real audiophile -RRB- . The only good thing they do is blot out the outside sound , but then a set of earplugs will do that job much more cheaply.Mine are going back to the store .
 I purchased these ear plugs because of the high amount of positive reviews and low cost . Even though it comes with extra inserts for the ear plugs they are the same size . They do n't stay in my ears very well and have that loose feeling . The sound quality is average at best . The only reason I bought these is to upgrade my stock ear plugs , but the Koss are worst than what came with my mp3 player . I plan on returning them Monday .
 Not at all happy with these earphones . It does n't stay in very well during running . Good thing it did n't cost alot .
 These phones are poorly built . The cord looks like it will snap under its own weight . The memory foam is of low quality , and In my opinion uncomfotable . The mute button somtimes stuck . However , the sound quality was descent , and completly isolating . Very boomy bass , but highs where somewhat muted . Not a bad pair for 20 $ phones , but do yourself a favor and put a little more money together and get up to the next tier , say the 50 $ range . Thats when things start to get truly impresive . These koss are somewhat of a gimmick .
 Sound is very bass-y , and they are a pain in the rear to get in your ear . Maybe good for setting down for a night of listening , but not that handy for on the go . I went back to my iPod buds .
 While these are great headphones and seem cheap at under $ 7 , these are from a non-Amazon vendor . The shipping charge is over $ 21 for standard shipping . Obviously , the vendor is trying to hide the real cost in the shipping charge . If a vendor is this sneaky in their pricing , how can you trust their other service ?
 They were great in the beginning , and the sound quality was amazing . Every sound around me was blurred out and all i heard was the music . The only problem was that they broke within the month that i bought them . :-LRB- Make sure u have a good warranty when u buy them .
 I bought a pair of these abroad , that pair had a bent plug . After a few years I needed a new pair and since I 'd been so happy with them I got these . In the pictures the plug is bent , the delivered pair had a straight one . They broke within months . The sound was great , but when they 're not durable at all , that does n't really help . : - -LRB-
 great product , comfortable , blocks outside noise , good sound ... downside is that I ca n't get a pair of these to last longer than 5 months of using it abou7 hours a week .
 I used these once and stuffed them in a drawer . If you are concerned about quality music reproduction , these are not the earphones to buy . Spend some more and get some Klipsch or Bose in ear plugs . I got Klipsch and am happy I did .
 When I first got these they looked like some female contraceptive , they do n't sound bad but they stick out too far and want to fall out . I would not recommend .
 This is the third time I have bought these over the past few years . Quality has declined . There is virtually no bass - sounds thin .
 Granted I have VERY SMALL ear canals , these were not comfortable . I have had Sony and Creative canalphones , the kinds with rubber tips that were more comfortable and sounded better.These were very boomy , and I do n't mean punchy bass , I mean a big muddy boom . I am making music , and these are completely unsuitable . Also very tinny . Midrange has a definite cut in response.If you have normal canals , and do n't mind the loss of definition in the bass area , and you want the cheapest buds you can find , maybe these are it.RETURNEDFor me , the Creative Labs EP 630 -LRB- $ 19 -RRB- is WAY betterCreative EP-630 In-Ear Headphones
 Well , these would have been great ear plugs . The sound was awesome , much better than the ipod plugs . However , three short months after purchasing them , I can no longer use them . Reason ? The black portion that goes into your ear - it falls off very easily . I have already lost both the originals AND the extras that came with the plugs . As careful as I tried to be , they fell off somewhere.The black parts did not fit well - not tight enough on the other part of the earpiece . that 's why they just kept coming off.Too bad , poor design . Wish I had n't purchased them .
 I purchased the KOSS Stereo In Ear Ear Plugs - The Spark Plug , to replace the earbuds that came with my ipod . I am now back to using the pair that came with my ipod , for two reasons . First , the sound is muddy and leans towards the bass end . Probably some people like this kind of inaccurate sound , but to me it was unacceptable . Second , the rubber surrounds that hold the earbud in the ear do n't work well and are not comfortable . I 'm glad I only paid $ 9 for these . They now reside in the back of a drawer , never to be seen again .
 I had used these earplugs previously and was satisfied enough to order two more . However the sound is now tinny and there is not enough base . The earplugs are too big for my ears and keep falling out . As far as noise cancelling , I need a little noise as I am always walking near traffic and need to be aware of what is near .
 If you like big sound , bass , an earplug and a nice earphone 's purse get this set . Otherwise , these sound crude.I had been using Philips SHE5910 Virtual Surround , which broke one day . So I tried these earplugs from Koss for 2 minutes and ditched it for good . The Philip has higher fidelity , clear vocal , more high and mid range , but less bass compare these Koss . For large headphone , Sennheiser 's lines are the best.I like jazz , vocal and some techno trance and these will not do . The sounds are unclear , muggy and you get ear fatigue . Maybe if you like hip hop or hard rock these might do , but they are flat out cheap and un-engineered . Koss from my experience has big sound and bass , but lack fidelity .
 These ear plugs are awful . I had a pair of sony funtopia headphones that broke so I decided to try these . The sound is so colored they are imposible to listen to without heavy EQ . The bass is muddy and overpowering . After a few weeks of light use the in line mute button has started to cut out so I have to wiggle the wire to get both channels . I would n't pay more than $ 5 for a pair of these . They are absolutely terrible .
 I got these earphones and at first they were AWESOME ! But now into week two and wow things have changed . The sound cuts in and out , the one cool thing about the headphones is that there is a button where you can mute the sound . Well if you bump it and touch it in anyway it mutes , which is kinda annoying . The sounds great , a little bassy . If the sound cutting out problem and mute button thing was fix , these would be the best headphones on the market for the price
 Pros - foam inserts fit me well , squeeze and shove em - in about 5 seconds to re-expand , creating a tight seal that 's pretty good at filtering most noise - cheap - cord length is not too short like some sennheisersCons - sound like music is coming from behind a styrofoam wall , even with the modifications suggested by the # 1 review on this product - muddy bass - unclear mid-highsAlso , I note that it does not take very much power to drive them ... I have my ipod on the lowest possible volume setting without being muted , and it sounds plenty loud in a quiet environment . Sucks that the sound quality really is n't up to par . But , they do what you pay them to do , that is to attenuate outside noise , and allow you to listen to music . I vote against these unless you really do n't care how they sound .
 Like any of the reviews that indicate sound quality is n't that great , I must agree . The sound has too much bass and is muddy . The earphones do fit nicely in my ears though -LRB- similiar to earplugs -RRB- and so they work well enough to block out surrounding noise -LRB- I use them at work -RRB- . I 'd recommend the sony MDR-EX51LP earphones over these . They 're more expensive but sound MUCH better .
 Stay away from these cheaply made ear phones . I thought the audio quality would save it , but you know what ? If the phones cause your ears to hurt after about 2 minutes of use , audio quality is least of your worries.Things that are wrong with this product :1 -RRB- black foamy things are susceptible to dust/ear wax collection .2 -RRB- black foamy plugs do n't fit correctly in your ear .3 -RRB- the white plastic where the little speaker is housed is made cheaply so if you move while you wear this ear phone and if your ear flap touches the plastic edges - they hurt ! -LRB- sharp edges of the plastic -RRB- 4 -RRB- The wire is made from some cheap rubbery material which means it tangles really really easily . Plus it feels sticky which is just unnatural , and you do n't any wire to feel sticky .5 -RRB- I implore you to consider some other headphones ! Koss makes some other good onees .
 I 'm amazed at the people who thought this was a good product . They did n't fit well and the sound was mushy . I gave up on them in a hurry .
 As at least one other reviewer reported , something has happened with these phones . I had a pair that was purchased years ago , and they were fantastic . Unfortunately , the wire broke on the right earbud , so -LRB- silly me -RRB- , I assumed I could get some new SPARKPLUGs and be on my way . Wrong . These sound tinny and harsh , and they ca n't handle hardly any bass without severe distortion . I am very disappointed . I 'm ordering some Sennheiser CX-300 canalphones to see if they do any better . One thing is for sure
 I have Koss Sparkplug earphones that I bought years ago . I have tried lots of earphones over the years , and found these to be the best bang for the buck . I listen mostly to podcasts , but also found them to be good for music . They are comfortable for my ears for extended listening , and decent for sound isolation . That 's the good news . The bad news is that I recently purchased two Sparkplugs from Amazon , and was very disappointed . They look pretty much the same , with the exception of the plug that goes into your MP3 player . It is straight , instead of the right angle as in the photo on Amazon . The big difference is the sound . They sound harsh and tinny . I did plug them into a music source for two days just to give the `` burn in '' theory a chance . I also tried using my Ipods equalizer to improve the sound . No luck . I just returned them to Amazon for a refund , and for that I am grateful to Amazon 's generous policy .
 You definitely get what you pay for with these . Bought them because I had lost my iPod standard headphones for $ 14 at a local store . The cushioning of the earpieces made it possible to keep them in for long stretches of hours without ear soreness . The main issue with them was that they stopped working after 2 months . The wires attached to the inline mute button came loose on both ends , requiring 5-10 minutes of fiddling with the wires and positioning , until I could get a faint stream of music , which went away the second the wires shifted and were disconnected again . Koss customer support still has n't responded to any of my emails for three weeks now.Buy them if you just need cheap decent headphones , but do n't be disappointed when you need to buy a new pair in a few months . At least for $ 14 , you can afford it .
 I thought that I would love these earphones , after talking to a friend who liked his . But , they do n't fit properly in my ears . I have small ears and thought the squishability of the plugs would be perfect . Alas , the squishy part was ok , but the driver part would n't sit properly . So , they never felt like they were in properly , and never felt settled . And , as a result , did not keep ambient noise out . I am now in the market for some better ear buds , and will certainly pony up more cash for a better product .
 I got the 1st pair from Amazon.com with a buzz in the right channel , returned it and Amazon.com gave me a 2nd pair fast . 5 stars for Amazon.com.Now the earbuds . The thing about it is that they are cheaply made , and sounds awful.Because of the meterial used , the cable tangles alot and has a tendency to `` rebound '' to their original shipped shape -LRB- folded tightly togther -RRB- , even after 4 months of usage and tweaking they still has kinks all over.The cable is ver thin and it seems like you 'd get whatever color cable they had leftover in the part bin when it 's manufactured . My 1st pair came in white , and the 2nd pair came with light grey . Fit and finish is also very poor at where the cable meets the plug.Sound-wise it 's a joke . Heavy , muddy bass and non-existen highs . I had to crank up the treble on my HP iPaq all the way too the max and bass ends to min just to have it sounding normal like my Sennheiser MX400 earbud and my Pro .2 PH560 headphones used on the same iPaq . It 's not because my other headphones are extremely sharp of anything like that . It 's because these Koss sound like I am hearing the music thru a ear muff whilwe uunderwater.And about that life-time warranty ? Koss will only provide warranty service if you enclose $ 6 on top of your return postage .
 let 's face it , the price is a huge attraction here . and with koss ' track record with inexpensive phones that sound good -LRB- see the KSC75 's -RRB- , it 's logical to think they may deliver again with the sparkplug.well , i 'm afraid it 's just not in the cards for the sparkplug . let 's look at a few things : the cord
 I read all of the good reviews and bought one . I am sorry about every fourth scan it will appear in Picture It at an angle , no reason for it . My old Mustex 600EP III Plus does a much better job but it is getting old and slow aboput warming up .
 I purchased the Canon D1250U2 and the HP 3570C . The HP modelcost a little more but the difference in quality is amazing . The HP model is much better than the Canon and even scans faster.The Canon picture did not have very good details . With a picturewith someone 's head , the HP defined the hair very clearly as well as the rest of the picture , the Canon model kind of blurredeverything together.I do not recommend this scanner and I am returning it to Amazon .
 I used to work for Canon USA as a Software Quality Assurance Engineer and tested many Canon scanner and printer drivers in the past . As far as this scanner goes - I would n't buy another one again ! The problem is in the scanner 's driver , it has to recalibrate every time it scans a page . It takes 8 sec. , so 8sec . times 10 pages , that 's 80sec . waiting time where my other older Canon scanner does the scan right away ! No wating time to warm up the lamp before each scan . What a shame !!
 The buttons on the front of the scanner do n't work as advertised , so I have to go in through the software to initiate a scan . Scans are slow but good enough quality . You 're better off spending a little more money for a quality product .
 as mentioned before , this scanner takes up to 15 secto adjust the lamp before each scan . it therefore isone of the slowest scanners around.the only thing is excels in is moire/descreening . it is 2x faster than other scanners we use.color pages at 300dpi take 15sec + 26sec -LRB- usb2 -RRB- color pages at 300dpi w / descreening 15 +40 secif not for the stupid scan driver readjusting the lampeach scan , it would be a great scanner .
 My primary complaint is that after buying this scanner and software and finding it does n't work for XP , I could get no techical assistance from Canon at its web site . Not only that , the malfunctioning software at the site causes no end of frustration while wasting the customer 's time.In order to send an e-mail you must enter the product number . But they do not tell you what is the product number or where to find it . I tried with many different numbers
 just in case you were curious , because it is not immediately clear , this scanner is not mac compatible . maybe this post will save you from having to ship yours back like i do .
 First the good points
 Bad support is putting it mildly . My battery died after a week but I was traveling so could n't deal with it until about 5 weeks after purchase . Bad idea -- there is a 4 week warrenty on the batteries and you can not buy a replacement.The player -LRB- plugged into the wall -RRB- has problems playing some disks so I shipped it to Sharp 's service partner as Sharp customer service -LRB- there 's an oxymoron -RRB- instructed me . They just sent a bill for $ 180 labor -LRB- labor is only guaranteed for 3 months , and I was a couple of weeks beyond that -RRB- . If I do n't want to pay the $ 180 , they want $ 70 just to ship it back.I ca n't think of a purchase I regret more than this one .
 OK , I had purchased a 5 inch Panasonic about 8 months ago , and got used to the exceptional picture quality . BUT , so called upgrading to the Sharp DV-L70U , was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING!The Panasonic 5 inch screens had almost 3D like pictures . It was amazing.BUT , The Sharp 7 inch player has a picture like a 1980 's VHS cassette tape . HORRIBLE !!!!! ALSO , there is a annoying little red dot in the top of the screen , it will not go away !!!!! I 'm not sure if it is just the Sharp 7 inch , or all 7 inch LCD 's in general , but the 5 inch LCD is WAY BETTER.IN CONCLUSION : If you want to go for the picture quality , definately get the 5 inch.If you want to go for the bigger picture , maybe better viewing from long range , I would definately go for the 7 inch .
 I purchased this unit expecting it to play both DVDs and VCDs as advertised by Sharp . As it turns out , only one particular VCD format is supported while the other is not . So , only one type of VCDs can be viewed by this unit . Somehow Sharp has conveniently excluded this point in their product descriptions.Also , this unit gets hot after 15-20 minutes of play and while the owner 's manual warns the user about exposing the unit in direct sunlight due to the heat might severely damage the unit , I ca n't help wonder how long it would take before this unit heads for the repair shop .
 I found out that it does not play all VCD after the 30 days return period and 90 days labor warranty . A sharp authorized repairs shop in Portland , OR thought that it was a bad laser . They replaced it and try to charge me for the $ 130 labor without really fixing the prbolem . I took the unit back and did some investigating myself . I took a few VCD 's -LRB- all authentic Disney products -RRB- , some play on my Sharp DVL70U Portable DVD player and some do n't to an electronic store . The VCD all play on Sony andPanasonic portable DVD players . But none play on the latest model of the Sharp 8 '' DVD portable player either . All the VCDs also play on a regular Pioneer DVD player . I am very disappointed with the Sharp portable DVD players . It isnot functioning as it ADVERTISED . I return a AIWA 5 '' portable DVD player that I had for a few days in order to purchase the Sharp 7 '' portable DVD player after I read about the Sharp online at sharp.com as well as on amazon.com . I am very disappointed and kind of mad too . I wish I found out the problem as soon as I had the unit , before the 30 days and the 90 days.A Very Unhappy Customer
 buy two units and one this burnt one , I am in venezuela and I can not return it . i would pay too much in shipment , I lost my money.compre dos unidades y una vino quemada desafortunadamente soy de venezuela y no puedo devolverlo pagaria demasiado en envio perdi mi dinero .
 We bought this camera last year right before Christmas . It is okay outside , but terrible inside . If there is the slightest movement the pictures are blurry . We have tried all different settings with the same result and are very unhappy with the product .
 CONS
 I really liked this camera ... cool looking , easy to use , and it takes great photos with natural light ... . But when you turn out the lights and need to use the flash ... well just like many people here will tell you -LRB- read reviews for coolpix s5 , this camera has same issues -RRB- ... RANDOM . WHITE . SPOTS.Sometimes 15 other times 1 or 2 . For me it occured on about 90 % of alll photos that require use of the flash . Now I bought this at best buy and I took it back and got another coolpix s9 -LRB- I really like the camera -RRB- and the same thing happened . Of coarse the Best Buy `` Digital experts '' told me it was user error . I 'm glad to see its not just me .
 terrible . Takes horrible pix - and have tried fiddling with all the different settings . Has a quirk that causes it to freeze up so you have to pop the battery out to make it work again . Could n't get a sharp picture to save my life and there is a terribly long delay before the picture actually takes - huge loss for wanting to take pix of our newborn .
 I am holding a great paper weight . A 270 dollar camera that broke with no reason to break . This camera looks like it just came out of the box . The camera 's menu suddenly stopped working , and the picture of the menu distorts and flickers . The buttons do nothing , and the only way to turn it off is by removing the battery . Nikon will fix it for -LSB- ... -RSB- . Not worth it . I will by a reliable brand , from A company that realizes that the consumers are the reason they are in business . The pictures it took inside were so so . the flash overexposed everything , outside pictures werent too bad , but the random breaking of internal buttons or lcd screens is a problem . DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WANT TO PAY TO REPAIR SOMETHING YOU DID NOT BREAK .
 This is the 2nd Nikon Coolpix I 've owned ; the 1st needed to be replaced after a years use when the plastic cover for the battery compartment broke . I love the size of this S9 - easy to pack into a purse or pocket and I found it to be fairly intuitive to use . I love these smaller point and shoot digital cameras since I like to carry one around at all times in case some interesting photo op comes along . I was able to take some absolutely beautiful close up photos of flowers , etc. with bright color and a sharp image . However , I found the flash to be very weak and any picture of a moving object that required a flash turned out blurry and dark . I also found this type of zoom lens to be somewhat limiting . But I have to say the thing that has really turned me off the Coolpix line is that after a little over a year of use , this camera just died . A pop/snap sound , black screen , and that was it . I have since replaced it with a Canon which I am very happy with so far - the photos are beautiful , the camera feels solid , and there are terrific features . I am hoping that the Canon digital camera will be more durable since I do n't enjoy replacing cameras every year .
 I bought the Coolpix S9 in March of 2007 -- it lasted until June 2008 . Just quit working and Nikon wanted $ 99.50 to repair . I bought a Canon Powershot and donated the Nikon to a camera shop .
 I bought this camera a little over a year ago in the magenta color and I loved the way it looked and it had better reviews in the past . Unfortunately , I have discovered the bright color and design of the camera are the only positive things about this camera . The LCD screen scratches easily but the functions of the camera are the worst . The red eye reduction is inconsistent , the picture quality is low for night shots even when set to the correct setting , and the camera takes very blurry pictures -- even when the focusing feature is on . I have learned over time to deal with this camera and how to take more focused pictures , but this becomes a problem whenever you have group shots and someone else is taking pictures -- they always come out blurry ! Therefore , I do not believe this is a user-friendly camera and there are much higher quality cameras compared to this one -LRB- such as Canon -RRB- available at similar prices . I am currently looking to buy a new camera even after spending $ 220 + on this camera just a year ago , and I will not be purchasing another Nikon in the future .
 I purchased a Nikon for my first camera , I just loved how you can take it anywhere , fits handy in your pocket and perfect size . I could n't wait to take pictures but soon realized that the picture quality was great but as soon as the battery hit low the camera refused to hold my photo 's . For my birthday I took over 100 photo 's with a fresh battery but as soon as the battery was low all of them were lost . I was so devistated . The video feature is a nice thing too but the quality is very grainy and distorts people 's faces . My friend has the identical camera to mine and his camera can have a low battery and maintain all its photo 's . So maybe I just got the short end of the stick ... but this was my first camera so its okay for starters ... but if you love to take photo 's be full aware that on a LOW BATTERY that it just might not want to hold them . A major plus I do give this camera is the capasity of capturing a close up image ! That I 'll give 5 stars to ... everything else I 'd have to say 2 stars !
 I bought the Nikon Coolpix S9 as a replacement for my Canon PowerShot S410 because I wanted a lighter , less bulky ultra-compact camera with good picture quality . The S9 was the one of the lightest , and earlier versions of the Coolpix family received decent reviews.While the camera is light and fits nicely in my pocket , I must say I was not pleased with the quality of the photos I took with the Nikon Coolpix S9 . Most photos taken with flash in dark rooms came out blurry and washed out white , and often had lens flare . And photos taken with flash off did not come out as clear as they did with the Canon S410 . Photos in normal lighting with flash on came out okay , but still did not match the quality of the Canon.I 'm returning the Nikon Coolpix to Amazon today and purchasing a Canon .
 I have owned this camera for ~ 6 months and have finally deciced to replace it . I bought this camera to replace another Nikon CoolPix that was stolen from my house . But this one does not have a view finder to begin with and is way more complicated to use . I have always liked Nikon cameras but the S9 just does n't make it . I can not use it outside because I can not see the LCD screen . Sorry Nikon but you blew it on this camera !! So I replaced it with a Canon PowerShot A710 . What a difference in ease of use and ... it has a view finder . also my 1G memory card from the Nikon fits in the new Canon .
 I chose this camera specifically because of the advertised in-camera red-eye reduction fix . I have a new baby and like any proud parent , take loads of photos of him . It is a pain to have to fix the red-eye manually in Photoshop , but at the same time I do n't want to lug around -LRB- or learn how to use -RRB- an SLR type camera . I thought the Coolpix S9 would be the solution to my problems . While the photos are very crisp and clear , the red-eye is worse than in my old Casio digital camera and the flash really washes out indoor photos taken at night . In fact the flash is so bright it makes my son turn away from the camera , so the pictures that did n't have red-eye were all of the back of his head ! I returned this camera and am renewing my search for something that will meet my needs .
 I bought this scanner 2 days ago in Phoenix and returned it today . Software takes almost 20 min . to install , is very confusing to use -LRB- compared to a Visioneer 7300 which I have -RRB- there is no power switch meaning that the scanner is always on . But the warm up time is long and the scan is slooow and noisy . Cost was $ 199 .
 I bought this scanner because the image ratings were great . What I got was a scanner that spends more time warming up and thinking than scanning . This has caused a 4 fold increase in my scan times . As they say , time is money ! Also , the software tools that come with have a poor , non-standard interface that required much head scratching . I just returned the scanner !
 This scanner was purchased for the purpose of scanning many family photos and for that purpose it did a great job initially . I was able to put four pictures on the platter and it would create four JPEGs , one for each picture . Nice touch.But then I unplugged it from the computer and have never been able to get it working right again . Do a google search on `` CanoScan 8000F Twain Driver '' and look at all the fun people have with the drivers for this thing . I have rerun the setup program . I have followed the instructions on unplugging the scanner , running their driver remove utility , rebooting , installing all over again and no luck . If you NEVER plan on unplugging the scanner it may work well for you . Basically if you do n't have a web cam , or digital camera and never plan on unplugging it you may be able to use this scanner.Any company that can not put out a driver/program install package that requires a single click from a user is pretty lame . The user should not have to jump through ten hoops to get the product to work correctly .
 I was looking for a high image quality FAST flat bed scanner and found 2 within my budget both MSRP$ 199 , Canon 8000F and Epson 3170 so I bought 2 to compare . Both exhibit excellent image and text quality , both include negative/slide adapter and both have great software bundle.However , 8000F comes with Photoshop Element 1.0 where as Epson 3170 comes with Element 2.0 which is $ 50 value by itself.The slow scan speed of this 8000F makes this unsuitable for my need . Preview takes 7 second as oppose to 4 sec advertised speed . Scanning color photo full bed at 300dpi takes 43 sec , 96dpi takes 23 sec . The canon website says this is a fast scanner but my test proves otherwise . With the same PC setup for Epson 3170 , preview takes only 4 sec , 300dpi color photo full bed takes 23 sec , and 96dpi takes 9.3 sec .8000 F is also noisier than the 3170 . Another minor problem is 8000F does not have a power switch like the Epson.One good thing about the 8000F is the copy to printer function works and OCR is a tiny bit more accurate than 3170 . Canon makes great printer which I also own but their scanner is a disappointmentI would not recommend user to buy this scanner .
 I took a chance on this even after reading about the ugly on screen displays . And they are unattractive to look at compared with the elegant interface of Apple TV . The reason I returned it was that if you want to view your photos , slide shows , videos , TV shows and podcasts there is no on screen display ! They refer you back to your iPod to manually select them . This makes the entire product null and void for anyone who does more than listen to iPod music files . It 's an attractive dock but they need to go back and get it fully functional .
 This is the 2nd onkyo dock I bought and it had to be returned . This is just not a reliable product !
 Disappointed in this product . Rather touchy and does not work all the time . Probably not my best purchase .
 Onkyo no merecia hacer algo tan burdo como esto . Hay mejores y de mejor precio .
 Onkyo DS-A2X Remote Interactive iPod DockI recently purchased a Onkyo 605 Receiver . As advertised , it is a superior product . I am very happy with it . I then purchased the IPod Remote and Adapter for the Receiver , figuring there would be advantages of using the Onkyo branded product with their Receiver . Well , Onkyo must have used the A engineers on the Receiver and put their B engineers on the Accessories . The DS-A2X Remote , is disappointing , at best . The interface is something out of the 80 's . It is all text , like an old DEC terminal . Not very Ipodish.I would strongly suggest looking at other products out there first . There are many others -LRB- Tuneview , DLO Dock -RRB- which offer a more elegant user interface.This is the first product I have every had to return to Amazon.If you are taking the time to put together a top-notch system , you will be very dissapointed with this . I can not understand why Onkyo would have released something like this this when they obviously did not spend the time to create a `` best of class '' product .
 I was pretty geeked when I read about the product and ordered the new Onkyo Receiver -LRB- TX-SR605 -RRB- to go with this . The receiver gets deservedly great reviews , but this product is scrap . Setting it up is easy -LRB- 3 plugs -RRB- , but the remote is a step back in time from the ipod remote . On screen display of song lists , titles , etc. looks like it came from an old Commodore home computer . The display takes up maybe 1/4 of the TV screen , so if you have long lists , you really ca n't scroll through rapidly . With tousands of songs , it 's impossible to get to the end of a list . I believe the Mac Ipod A dock supports the scroll-wheel functionality - this has nothing , but a very slow remote.Where the product is really poor is video . I was excited that I could download movies into itune , load them on the ipod , plug it into the dock and away we go . Unfortunately , it is n't that easy . First off , you have to essentially do the reverse in terms of menu options from displaying song information . Second , you ca n't view the video and photo menus on the TV screen - so you have to scroll and select on the ipod itself -LRB- although you can scroll and select music by looking @ TV screen -RRB- using the Onkyo remote . I 'm still lost as to that feature/function . Probably my own missed expectation , but I was really hoping for a good UI to allow me to sit back with remote , thumb through a playlist and play tunes , go bck to main menu and select a video or watch a slide show of photos . For video/photo - the remote is useless since you have to switch it out of the mode that interfaces with TV , for audio , because you ca n't scroll easily through lists , it 's pretty useless as well . But at least I can play tunes and video through my new receiver .
 Onkyo DS-A2X Remote Interactive iPod DockI recently purchased a Onkyo 605 Receiver . As advertised , it is a superior product . I am very happy with it . I then purchased the IPod Remote and Adapter for the Receiver , figuring there would be advantages of using the Onkyo branded product with their Receiver . Well , Onkyo must have used the A engineers on the Receiver and put their B engineers on the Accessories . The DS-A2X Remote , is disappointing , at best . The interface is something out of the 80 's . It is all text , like an old DEC terminal . Not very Ipodish.I would strongly suggest looking at other products out there first . There are many others -LRB- Tuneview , DLO Dock -RRB- which offer a more elegant user interface.This is the first product I have every had to return to Amazon.Save yourself sometime and check out the others on the market.I can not uderstand why Onkyo would release a product that they obviously did not spend time trying to understand what the consumer expects in an elegant , easy to see interface .
 I did n't buy this dock to watch movies on my TV . I bought it just to control remotely the music I listen from my ipod to my Onkyo home cinema system . Even for that , this dock is not capable enough to do so.I chose Onkyo dock because I have an Onkyo receiver and I thought that with this dock the integration would be perfect and it would look cool . I was wrong . Receiver 's remote control through RI connection only has stop , play , pause , forward and backward functions for the ipod . For navigation through lists , albums , songs etc. , I still need to use the small dock 's remote control . So the fact that the brand was common did n't help much . I could use any other brand docking station if I knew that I would have to have one additional remote control on the table of my living room anyway.On screen display function is terrible . I had read reviews saying that it is not that good but I did n't imagine that it would be that bad . It really looks like an MS-DOS interface with white characters in a total black screen . So , by this means it does n't look cool at all . Scrolling is also very slow and not convenient at all on the way you see lists . Characters are huge and very few songs appear on the screen at once . Furthermore it does not appear on the TV screen the Greek characters and I guess any other non Latin character too , like the ipod 's screen does . So I can not navigate my Greek music I have on ipod.Finally I wish it had an HDMI connection too aside the RCA since I have run out of RCA inputs on my TV screen.The only positive thing I can say about this dock is its minimal design that matches pretty well with my black ipod.At the end , I do n't see much difference from having my ipod connected via the stereo jack . At least I feel somehow better that I bought it from the US and not from Europe where the price is almost double . If I could return it back , I would do it . I am sure there are much better ipod docks out in the market in similar price range .
 Physically this is a solid , nice looking dock . It 's pretty easy to install and use , although I wish it used HDMI or DVI or something to eliminate the big mass of cables in the back . It will work on a non-Onkyo tuner -LRB- although I did test it on one -RRB- . But the on-screen interface is as horrible as many of the reviews mention . It 's like the display of something you might find from the 1980s . And the remote is poorly laid out and counter intuitive.I was ready and planning to not use the on-screen interface at all . I really just wanted a simple way to charge the iPod and play music from it through my stereo . But you have to use the on-screen interface because the iPod controls are disabled once you plug it into the dock . You ca n't even start playing a song on the iPod and then plug it into the dock and let it continue playing - it 'll immediately stop as soon as it 's plugged into the dock , unlike for example the iPod interface in a MINI Cooper.So I 'm returning it . If it were 1/4 or 1/3rd the price , I may have kept it . But at full price it 's not worth it .
 I purchased the Ipod dock for my new SR-506 receiver , assuming the setup would be simple and sync well because both are Onyko products . Not so ! The directions -LRB- non-user friendly , confusing , and requiring the manuals for both products -RRB- say to connect the dock with the RI -LRB- interactive-capable -RRB- compatible inputs for cable/sat and change the name on the receiver to `` dock '' . However , I 'm using the receiver with satellite TV and need that input display . Evidently , there are no other RI compatible inputs for the dock on the receiver , so I 'm reduced to using inputs -LRB- AUX or TAPE -RRB- that require a separate -LRB- not included -RRB- video cable that must be connected directly to the TV -LRB- inconvenient because wall-mounted in my case -RRB- . The dock is handsome , sounds good , and makes a good charging station , but is certainly is not the plug-and-play accessory for my Onyko system I imagined when I purchased it .
 I purchased this unit on the assumption that I could display video from my latest generation Nano to my TV ... as yet no luck and would seem that this is not poossible . Very poor interface and the on-scrteen graphics are from the 80 's . All in all very disapointed
 Overall , I like it , despite the following shortcomings . The interaction between the dock and the receiver is promising , except that the iPhone says `` accessory attached '' or something and since the `` on screen display '' wo n't display on the tv , I ca n't see what album , title , etc. is playing . I suspect it is an issue with the receiver -LRB- TX-SR505 -RRB- not sending the video image on to the tv , but that is just a guess . I have to select the playlist or whatever and THEN plug the iPhone in to the dock . Lots of monkeying around with it so far and I 'm still not done . Sounds great though . -LRB- Same issues with an iPod attached , btw . -RRB-
 This dock is very problematic . It only works with certain ipod models and only with the most current ipod update . The on-screen display only lasts about 15 minutes , and the remote only works pointed at the dock , not at the tv . Even on 5th generation ipods , we ca n't watch a downloaded video on screen . This remote dock is only good for connecting and docking an ipod directly to your home theater system for listening to your library , so there are other , simpler ways to do that . Maybe this concept will be improved over the next year . -LRB- And it is used with a companion Onyko receiver in this application . -RRB- Onkyo DS-A2X Remote Interactive iPod Dock
 None of the information in the ad for this product states which iPod models are compatible with this . I had to return it as it is not compatible with the newest iPods .
 Could not get compatibility to work with newest iPOD.Onkyo customer Service was no help and said not their issue to insure compatibility . Using a new Onkyo surround sound system .
 I agree with some earlier reviews . Made the mistake of buying this after getting a flyer leaflet in the box for my Onkyo Home Theatre system . The HT system is awesome , the dock is worthless . OSD is like a throwback to 1970 's and the video did not work with any Ipod or I Touch I own , Called customer service and they blamed my IPOD . Absolute crap . I got a Return Authorization code and they can have this trash back , Bought a DLO HD Dock , and it 's great out of the box ... do not waste money on this .
 I was very excited about this product . However , after only 2 weeks , the picture got very white -- basically unusable ! Of course I was slow in installing it and it was on day 100 after actually purchasing it that this happened and the warranty is only 90 days.Draw your own conclusions as to whether this is `` normal '' or not . I have only bought one , so I have nothing to compare to .
 Bought December 2003 . Picture washed out from day one but good enough for a dark kitchen . Remote began having issues in 2005 - died soon after . This year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- the unit stopped tuning in cable channels and there is not way to change to CATV -LRB- like it used to do -RRB- . Hitting the TV/Video button cycles through Video 1 , Video 2 and TV but that is all . Now , channels above 13 are gone completely -LRB- even using an antennae -RRB- . I should never have put up with the picture in the first place . I do n't recommend this unit !
 As far as the design , it 's great . But the picture is terrible . There is no contrast and it looks milkwashed . You can barely see an image . For $ 400 , I think Audiovox could do a lot better .
 received tv yesterday mounted it hooked up cable . tuner does n't work dead on arrival screen too small plastic piece of junk . .
 I ordered one of these Netgear USB Wifi dongles and plugged it into my computer 's USB port . I found that it gave me a better signal than my internal PCI wifi card -LRB- also Netgear -RRB- . The problem is that the adapter seems to shut itself off -LRB- the light turns off and all network activity stops -RRB- after a couple of minutes , at which point I have to unplug it and plug it back in again , over and over again every few minutes.I got this particular model because the price was good and Netgear has worked well for me in the past . This problem I 'm having , however , makes this product a worthless waste of my time and shipping money -LRB- I 'm getting a refund on the product itself -RRB- . After reading the other negative reviews of this model , it looks like this is not just a fluke problem with my unit , so next time I 'll try a different brand or model.You have been warned .
 The Good : It 's easy to plug inThe Bad :1 . The Driver is just horrid . When you launch the program , it quickly comes up for about half a second , then disappears . If you were really quick , and lucky with the mouse pointer , you could left click on the top pane and hold the program there while it searches for the wireless network . I had to repeat this task every single time I rebooted the computer . Netgear support recognizes this happens , but both of their fixes were ineffective for me .2 . Once I made my Wireless network a secure one -LRB- WPA-PSK -RRB- , i was able to enter the proper password -LRB- once again by being super quick with my mouse pointer before the program disappeared -RRB- , and from that point on , the adapter is in a constant state of alternating between `` searching for signal '' , and `` signal found '' , but it will never lock on so there is now no internet.I 've tried every fix possible from rebooting , changing the USB port I plug it into , to removing the driver and reinstalling , to searching google for hours trying to find a fix . I 've found forums with people having the same problem , but never a fix . I 'm not going back to an unsecure network , so now I 'm forced to buy a new adapter and will definitely switch brands .
 Take heed of the other reviews for this product , it is as bad as they say . It overheats when left plugged into the the USB port or adapter cord and will not function properly after about 1-2 hours . This also will constantly disrupt the driver , and you will find yourself constantly reinstalling the unit.If you have a situation where your computer is powered-on only occaisionally and you access the internet for only a few minutes at a time , it might work for you . However , the meager savings you might enjoy over a more stable and useful unit hardly justifies the expense of this adapter even for that atypical application.I am surprised that Amazon even sells such trash as this !
 I 've had nothing but trouble with this adapter for the two weeks that I 've owned it . It installs pretty easily and seems to work well for a short while . However , after using it for a short time -LRB- 10 minutes - 2 hours -RRB- , it invariably loses the internet connection . In addition , the software fails to respond or responds improperly . The only solution is reboot , sometimes twice.If you google `` NETGEAR WG111T problems '' , you will see that this is a pretty common complaint . NETGEAR 's web site talks about this problem on one of the support pages . They blame the problem on one of the `` Hotfixes '' to Microsoft XP . -LRB- I am running XP . -RRB- Whatever . The fix they suggest did n't help me with my problem.After trying unsuccessfully to solve the problem for two weeks , I bought a Linksys wireless card . That solved my problem .
 I bought this at Radio Shack . It worked for a few days , reasonably well but not great . Then it just started losing the connection and having trouble re-connecting . I exchanged it for another and the same thing happened . Stay away .
 I have been using Netgear for many years . I have the 624 router & the WG311T adapter in my son 's computer , both have worked well now for a few years now . Got a new computer , dual booted w/XP & Vista , & thought I would try the WG111T USB adapter . BIG MISTAKE !! I got it to work in both OS 's , but constantly had to reset in the 2 months I have had installed . Installation was not easy , took several attempts in both OS 's before I got it working . I have been using Vista more often & was constantly having to reset , so I attempted to reinstall driver . BIGGER MISTAKE !!! This adapter is not VISTA friendly , I could not reinstall . When I uninstall driver before reinstalling , it does not completely uninstall in Vista . Reinstall just keeps adding additional adapters , same name followed by a number -LRB- I got up to # 11 -RRB- . Called Netgear for help , after several failed attempts , they blamed it on Vista & told me to call MicroSoft . Did an internet search & found several other users having this problem , but found no solution . Ended up going out & buying anoher WG311T , which is what I should have done in the 1st place . I give it a 2 because it does work most of the time in XP . But I would not reccommend buying .
 This product is absolutely terrible . It will not work with Vista . It gives you the blue screen of death , and has a dialup + connection . It 's got broadband speeds but disconnects from the wireless network just like a dialup connection . It kills hard drives by making Vista freeze up . Vista is unstable because of this piece of junk which overheats and disconnects from the network .
 Do n't buy this prodcut . It blue screens PC daily . The screen references the netgear drivers . Even though lots of people have this problem no fix from Netgear . That is crappy support . Do n't fall for thier rebate mumbo jumbo you get what you pay for . Drop the Netgear box and run as fast away as possible !
 I bought this since it 's economical , compact , did n't need cabling -LRB- although it has an extension if you need it -RRB- , advertised a whopping 108 mbps . Well so much for that :1 -RRB- Drivers are problematic and causes conflicts with XP SP2 . My first ever blue screen of death in about 3 or more years running XP came this item2 -RRB- It is EXTREMELY UNRELIABLE : - already mentioned repeatedly , it overheats - it drops connections randomly and yes , the only way to re-acquire the signal is to unplug and plug back in - It 's utility is worthless , just install the driver -LRB- if you can -RRB- . If you try using WPA , forget about using this utility , just use Windows to configure it . - I 've also found out that it 's better if you just remove this utility from the STARTUP -LRB- do n't run it at all -RRB- so that Windows can do everything it needs to connect , which is faster and more reliable . Be careful not to UNINSTALL , since it will also remove the driver ... just remove it from your Windows Startup folder list . Netgear has an FAQ about this problem , but I 'm not going to tweak Windows and risk more stuff for this cheap piece of hardware .3 -RRB- 108 MBPS ? Yeah right . You 'll need the RIGHT KIND OF access point/wireless router for this , if not , it 's 54 mbps . This was one of the selling points , but it 's definitely a `` gotcha '' . You 're limited to specfic equipment , specific channel -LRB- 6 -RRB- , so if you have neighbors on the same channel , well , you get the picture .
 This adapter was tested on two PCs - A Compaq Evo N610c -LRB- work-issued -RRB- and a Compaq SR1230NX -LRB- home -RRB- , where both run XPSP2 , and so far the following issues have come to light :1 -RRB- Full 108Mbps performance is possible only when I set my router -LRB- Netgear WGT624 -RRB- to `` 108Mbps only '' which precludes using other adapters . Auto-sensing the router drops the connection to 54Mbps tops . Since most of my traffic goes to the Internet through a cable modem , full 108 is not yet a necessity . Those who have a lot of traffic inside the LAN - such as pushing video files to various rooms - might want to shop for a more robust solution .2 -RRB- On the SR1230NX , connection is at best temporary when using any of the front USB 2.0 ports . The only usable connection is with the back USB ports , which I thought were also 2.0 , but which the adapter -LRB- or XP -RRB- claims are not . The message in Windows states , `` This device could perform faster ... '' - so far my research indicates a USB driver issue . Other devices such as memory sticks , gamepads , cameras -LRB- Panasonic camcorder , HP digital camera , and Logitech webcam -RRB- , and Olympus audio recorder work fine on the front ports . The Evo laptop does n't have this problem .3 -RRB- On either system , regardless of the port used , connections die in minutes when using WPA-PSK . WEP works OK .4 -RRB- It does n't work consistently on the SR1230NX if plugged in hot . If plugged in with power off , it 's OK . This `` feature '' was n't tested on the Evo . The installation procedure specifies plugging in the adapter with the power off , so that will be the future MO. 5 -RRB- So long as the above conditions are satisfied , the Smart Wizard works OK . If knowing your connections stats in real-time is important , Smart Wiz is superior to the standard XP Wireless Connection Wizard , which reports 108Mbps regardless of true connection speed . If you do n't need it or RAM is tight , the XP Wiz is fine.Once I satisfy the above conditions , the WG111T runs as well as my wired 100M Ethernet connection , which I 've disabled . The WG111T 's performance has convinced me that all of my future PC/console/media center installations will use wireless . Now it boils down to which stuff installs the easiest and works the most reliably.Addendum 2007-01-30 - I have since switched back to auto-sense speed on my router because I have other devices -- namely a D-Link DCS-900W wireless webcam -- that only runs at 54 Mbps . That of course drops the max speed of my WG111T to 54 Mbps . So far that has n't affected the performance of my online gaming relative to using a wired connection.I decided not to update the USB drivers for my PC . I 'm shopping for a new PC and my current one will probably become a home-grown DVR , so it will probably be rebuilt in Linux anyway.About the only other observation worthy of note is that when the PC is powered down , along with the Belkin USB hub to which it is attached , the WG111T seems to remain energized . At least the blue LED keeps flashing . Detaching and reattaching the WG111T fixes the issue . I did n't verify whether it was emitting RF in its ' `` PC off '' state.Addendum 2007-09-14The WG111T quit working about a month ago . I replaced it with an Ativa USB , the Office Depot store brand . I already had a good experience with it on another PC -LRB- my P4 gaming rig - the SR1230NX now serves as an auxiliary -RRB- . Amazon carries some Ativa merch , but not the USB Wi-Fi adapter as of 9/14 . The Ativa is cheap -LRB- about $ 25 retail -RRB- and so far it 's been the most reliable of all adapters tried . I have two complaints - it 's substantially bigger than any USB Wi-Fi adapter I 've seen -LRB- so it may not be suitable for portables -RRB- and the connection manager is a CPU hog - the standard Windows network utility works much better .
 The range of reception on this USB 108 wireless adapter is not strong or reliable . I have always had great reception and speed using my Netgear 108 network card , but using the same computer and just changing to the USB adapter I have found that the reception and speed is not even an tenth as good as my original card . I will be returning the item . Unfortunately my PC 's standard internal wireless card is better and faster than the Netgear USB . -- Sorry .
 Unfortunately I am still unable to get it to work . I am going to try one more thing and then it goes back if it still does n't work .
 I have been an owner of several Netgear products in the past , however , when purchasing a USB wireless unit , I experienced some trouble with the drivers . The driver for the unit was available for download on the website , however , the download would hang after about 3 MB 's . On November 19 , I initiated a customer service request asking them to email me the driver . I did not receive a response until DECEMBER 12 , where they offered to email me the driver but did not actually do so . I still have not received a response and am IRATE at the lack of concern for customer service and the slow response . If you are not a super computer expert , and setting up the wireless USB can be a little bit trickier than your average computer novice is used to , you may want to consider buying from another vendor that will actually respond to service requests in a timely manner .
 Windows install hardware wizard hangs at copying drivers screen for ar5320.bin - I 'm tired of fighting it , back it goes . Also , the companion router -LRB- got it as a set at Costco -RRB- slowed down my main computers internet connection . I 'm going for a different vendor - one who bothers to pass Microsoft driver verification -LRB- which Netgear does not -RRB- . Best of luck to you .
 I have had a good deal of trouble with the Netgear WG111T wireless USB adapter -- for three reasons :1 . The Netgear software spontaneously quits on my Windows XP Professional system .2 . The adapter appears to overheat . As others have mentioned , it then has to cool off before working again .3 . The Netgear user support -- on the web and by phone -- is poor.Windows is a hostile networking environment to begin with . Microsoft has structured Windows to make it difficult , often impossible , to network with non-Windows computers . But even taking that into account , the Netgear adapter is poor .
 Let me tell you , this Netgear USB wireless adapter has to be one of the worst computer products I 've ever bought . First , unless you 're right on top of the wireless access point , you wo n't get a decent signal strength . The connection client that comes with this device is mediocre at best
 Do n't buy . I purchased this in May 2009 after doing my reasearch and getting written verification directly from NETGEAR that the adapter heating issues and disconnecting problems have been resolved.today , after numerous e-mails and phone calls they are replacing the unit . We shall now see once I receive yet another adapter.NOT WORTH THE GRIEF !!!
 It will work until you push it . So for example if you try copying files from one PC to another . It drops it 's connection and you have to unplug it from the USB and reconnect it . Then it will work until next time it encounters a lot of demand for bandwidth.I 've tried EVERY possible firmware and software update and configuration ... it 's just a poor design . Check the netgear discussion forums ... everyone is having this problem and there is no solution . The unit also overheats.This is my first amazon review and I do n't do a lot of complaining.But Neatgear should n't even be selling this product and I do n't want to see more people get burned .
 This is a horrible product , it was fine at first just for surfing the web , but when you try I tried to play World of Warcraft or download a huge file , it would just stop working . It overheats and fails !! 20 bux down the drain !!
 I 'm taking it back . The software does n't work so you have to install through Windows . The drivers -LRB- including the new one downloadable from Netgear -RRB- cause stop errors and unpredictable reboots of both computers on my network . The drivers are clearly incompatible with XP . The adapter itself overheats . I am VERY dissatisfied with this product and will replace it with another brand .
 This thing constantly overheats . I have to restart the computer 3 times a day just to reload the drivers . I ca n't transfer large files across my network , and I ca n't use P2P without it screwing up and requiring another restart.Go for it if you just want to browse the web . Anything else ? Do not buy this product .
 I bought the Netgear GW111T a couple of days ago -LRB- Feb 2008 -RRB- at a local store because I needed a wireless card in a rush . The installation CD suggested I 'd get an up to date version from the Internet , that downloaded without problems . The version is 1.5.0.2102 . The install happened without a problem , the adapter connected without a problem . The connection speed is fast.However ; in the two days I have had three blue screens -LRB- complete hard crash of the XP machine -RRB- . The Blue screen clearly refers to the GW111T card.The sad thing is that NetGears documentation say `` Just ignore the warning that the driver has not been signed , because this adapter has been tested thouroughly.I will try some other driver version & hopefully find a working solution .
 I bought this wireless adapter about 2 years ago , and discontinued using it after about two months because the connection was very sporadic and slow . Their customer support staff was totally and completely unhelpful . I later found out that part of the problem was the Netgear wireless router , which was unreliable in its ability to transmit the signals , and I had to unplug and then fully restart both the cable modem and the router several times a day . I switched to a Netgear wire router , which was only slightly more reliable and was able to deliver higher speeds , but I still found myself unplugging and restarting every few days.I recently bought a new non-Netgear wireless router -LRB- Linksys , which works great -RRB- , and the Netgear adapter seems to be working well , that is , until it starts to overheat . It only takes a few hours for it to overheat and it just stops working , so I have to unplug it to let it cool down then replug . I 've read that others have been experiencing the same problem with their wireless adapters.After trying 3 different Netgear products , I would NEVER AGAIN buy another product from them . Their products are inferior and prone to problems , and good luck getting technical support . Save your money and avoid headaches , DO N'T BUY NETGEAR .
 It works swell until it starts automatically disabling itself . I suspect it simply overheats when this happens , although unplugging it from one USB port and plugging it into another gets it going again . If you view the Netgear forums topic `` Please Join here for WG111/WG111T/WG111U issues '' , you 'll see that this is a design flaw that shows up for many users.Don ' t bother getting this .
 The item which I ordered arrived on time . I followed all the procedures -LRB- like downloading and installing the drivers -RRB- before I inserted the USB2 .0 adapter to my computer . It did n't work straightaway -LRB- unlike my original NETGEAR WG111 USB 2.0 adapter - Made in Canada -RRB- . After some effort it worked but then everytime you reboot it 's a nightmare with this USB2 .0 adapter . It is not consistent and at times it will not work at all -LRB- If I plug my other USB adapter it works straight away -RRB- . I am so frustrated . . now I think that I should have brought it from Best buy rather than from this seller.One thing which I noticed is that the `` bar code and the serial number '' on this adapter is scratched so that I can not read it -LRB- is this a illegally made ? -RRB- . Also this piece is made in China -LRB- known for its quality !!! - should have checked with the seller about the make before I ordered -RRB- . Whereas my original USB 2.0 adapter was made in Canada.Will not recommend this seller to anyone who is serious about buying quality products online .
 This item worked well for the first three days and then quickly turned to garbage . Started dropping the signal on about the fourth day and just kept getting worse . After a week I went back to a hard wired system , I dont recommend this product and will never purchase again . .
 I 've had many Netgear products over the years , and in general I 've been very happy with them . This WG111T is a disgraceful piece of junk though , overheating and frequently losing connections .
 I am disappointed in the performance of the product . It continues to disconnect without warning and does not remain activated for long periods of more than an hour .
 Bought this adapter to go with d-link router and my brand new hp desktop . As other reviewers have stated , it will not work at all . Six hours of calling Netgear Tech support , and I never even got through , just cut off after 15 minutes on hold EVERY TIME ! We tried everything and finally returned it . Bought the Linksis WUSB54GSC and it installed in about 1 minute and works great . Dont waste your time with this product , way too frustrating .
 Should work easily like the PCMCIA version , WG511T -LRB- buy this instead !! -RRB- , but DOES N'T . Instead it has its own special OS problems .
 After purchase though the net , the unit arrived safely and without damage . It was carefully and properly set up and would n't work . The image disappeared , audio remained . This is quite frustrating and I do n't think it is unreasonable to expect a 3000 $ purchase from a well-known manufacturer to work out of the box.Warranty requirements state that the defective unit must be sent to Sharp not the retailer . This would have cost me another200 $ . I was able to take the whole unit to a Sharp-authorized repair shop who diagnosed the problem as a `` bad '' board that needed replacing . However , I was told I would be responsable for payment for the new board and their time - about 900 $ total - and I could take up the warranty with Sharp myself.That was two months ago and I am still waiting . I am told that it is back ordered by Sharp Japan.All in all , the warranty policies are clumsey , expensive to the consumer and there are no parts in the event of a failure . Who wants that?If I ever get it going , I 'll report again .
 Up until the last couple of months this TV has performed beautifully , vivid picture , no streaking and amazing details -LRB- especially with DVD -RRB- . We 've had this model for just over two years and we are now having daily shutdown problems with it . The TV will randomly shut down and will not turn back on for several hours . We 've talked to Sharp 's customer service and tried basic trouble shooting to no avail . I will say the wait time and their staff are courteous but I dislike being in the position to have to call them . Sharpe 's final response to this is to bring it to a service center and pay for the repair . Fair enough since it 's no longer under warranty but considering it 's cost and the extra money paid expecting quality I 'm left very dissatisfied with the ownership experience . Funny how things change , this will be the first -LRB- and by far most expensive -RRB- TV which only lasted two years before needing repair . The next closest TV Set -LRB- A Panasonic -RRB- to require repair was over 18 years old before it started losing picture quality . I know which brand I wo n't be buying or recommending in the future.AN
 These might be okay if you pick them up at the manufacturer or like having ink all over you when you open it .
 Bought it and tried to put it on my camera and it does n't fit . Someone said I need to buy another lense to put this onto it . Why did n't they tell me that in the first place !
 I am disappointed because the installation disk would not work with my HP7-1234 computer . The disk is labeled Quickcam 8-4-1 Driver Installer . I assume that it is the wrong disk . I purchased this computer in June .
 Beware of this product , it ONLY works on windows XP . I called Logitech and they told me exactly that it will NOT work with anything besides Windows XP . If you are planning on buying this and are not currently using Windows XP then keep on searching for other cameras .
 I bought this web camera and it works great send email video 's sound and picture were great had fun using it , then I went to use my printer and it would not work said it did not reconize my computer so took the camera off and printer worked so then loaded the camera again and still the same thing so can not use this camera with my printer unless I do not want my printer to work , Could someone who maybe had the same problem help me out.Thanks so much PAT
 I ordered this since I am moving away to college in the fall and I got myself the Logitech Notebook Pro which is a thousand times better . The picture quality is ridiculous and whenever I took a picture my computer crashed ! I am returning this immediately !
 I was looking for my first webcam and came upon this camera in a store . The front of the package clearly states that it is USB 2.0 . A little checking around revealed that this was really not the case , the representative on Logitech 's web forum said that it was USB 1.1 but would work on a USB 2 port and that was the reason it was marked as USB 2 . Calls to Logitech 's customer service and tech support had totally different results , I was assured by both that this was indeed a USB 2 camera.I finally got down to the bottom of it with further checking with the USB standards organization , USB-IF . The logo on the package indicates that it is a USB 1.1 device , but Logitech has added `` USB 2.0 '' underneath the logo . While one could easily dismiss this as a typographical error , the information that was relayed to me by Logitech on the phone would seem to indicate that there is an intent to deceive and confuse the consumer into believing that this product is a Hi-Speed USB camera when it is not .
 HORRIBLE !!! Bought a 10-pack and 5/10 , literally HALF of the discs were UNFORMATTED and UNUSABLE ! Will NEVER use Memorex again !
 Well , the new year has came and past and netgear has stopped supporting this router . That 's right , after 3 years and a few firmware upgrades , this router is still junk . Netgear refuses to RMA and replace it for a newier , different model . We all got scammed by Netgear on this one.Hardware issues : The router 's processor overheats constantly . This is what causes a lot of the freezes and manual reboots for people . I myself have to manually reset it 3-5 times a week , not that this is a lot , but it seems to want to freeze during the times I need it the most -LRB- like VoIP calls -RRB- . I even drilled a hole in the case and mounted a fan to cool it , this worked for a few months but eventually the fan crapped out and it started overheating again.The wireless chip has 2 connectors for 2 external antennas yet Netgear only used one of them , so the range is crap . I had to solder on another antenna just to reach my bedroom -LRB- which is at most 50 feet away -RRB- . This router can only take so many connections at a time . Typically most home routers support around 2000-10000 connections , this one craps out at around 1000 -LRB- and sometimes less -RRB- . Firmware issues : The thing likes to crap out when conntecting to VPNs . The only solution is to manually reset it -LRB- by unplugging , waiting 10 secs , then plugging it back in -RRB- . Similar to what others mentioned , it has remote connection turned on by default -LRB- leaving a few ports opened to the router -RRB- and has no option to disable outside pinging.The router 's webserver does not like Vista . I either have to boot into linux or Windows XP in order to view the router 's website.Wireless issues : It takes me at least 5 tries to get a wireless IP from this router , and that 's with every wireless card I have . No other router has this issue.It drops my wireless connections all the time . This gets annoying , especially when I 'm downloading at the time of the drop . I talked to Linksys 's support and they suggested to move closer to the router for better range and I told them I was only a few feet away from it . They could n't give me a straight answer after that.Conclusion : Do not buy this router , not even on ebay or at a garage sell . You will be disappointed , even as a Netgear fan , it 's not worth the money . I eventually went out and bought a newier router , this time a Linksys . That 's right , I was so disappointed in Netgear that I had decided to switch to Linksys . How could I trust them after such a bad experience .
 I do not have any favorable comments to make about this router . The USB Connected drive is extreamly slow accross the LAN , In order to read and write to the drive it must be formatted as FAT32 . NTFS drives are read only , it took some time to figure that one out . I tried changing the network from the standard 192.168.1.1 to 192.168.5.1 , the router stopped working , Once I got beyond 13 forwarded ports they stopped showing up in the list , yet they were still there and you could not edit or delete them . I had to do a factory reset and start all over . I constantly have to reset the router to get my Internet connecton working again , sometimes outbound Internet works but no inbound therefore no VOiP or inbound mail to my email server , once again I have to reset it . I have updated the firmware 4 times since owning the modem , no luck there . I have had similar issues with the WGT624 V3 router . Netgear used to be my favorite manufacturer back when I had the RT314 . It is now time to move on.Jerry from NJ
 I bought this router , and configured as wireless ap -LRB- and NAS adaptor -RRB- how poor is it used as NAS adaptorI attached with LaCie -LRB- Seagate -RRB- external USB HD , nothing but problem : extremely poor Asian Language support -LRB- some files with Asian Characters ca n't copy -RRB- requires ext3 format HD -LRB- FAT32 and NTFS often fails , but there 's no disk format utility -RRB- to work properly as NASfrequent freezing issue -LRB- I even connect it with pda and a laptop , and use it as wireless AP , and still have freezing issue , requires power cycle -RRB- if you 'd like to use it to attach USB HD to use as NAS , please buy Linksys , this one will make you have nightmare !!! -LRB- not mention you 're unable to configure the access limit -RRB- if you 'd like to use it as wireless AP , buy WGT624 instead -LRB- same RF performance , but a lot less problem -RRB- the only good thing is good RF -LRB- 20dBm TX , -94 dBm max RX at 1Mbps -RRB- , but WGT624 , WG102 , and WG302 can do same job , and a lot more stable
 Avoid this at all costs ! What a waste of my money . Customer service is no help and refuses to acknowledge that there is anything wrong with the product . I have tried this in my old home with Time Warner Hi speed cable and now in my new home with Optimum Online his speed cable . Signals are dropped . When it works it is fine . The problem is that I frequently have to reboot it in order to regain a signal . Since the same problems occurred w 2 different providers , I attribute this to the router . I have no such problem with a different router in my office when I use the same laptop there . This one causes problems for a wired or wireless connection . Wireless signal was poor and I even paid more money for a signal booster from netgear that you plug into the wall - did n't work . Well , ok it worked a little . Very little . But what good is that ? Buy another brand . Save yourself some grief . Based on the other reviews there appears to be a major defect or bug w this product and the manufacturer will not acknowledge it . There should be a recall .
 This Netgear Media Router was the fourth Netgear Router that I had purchased -LRB- previous ones being for myself or members of my family -RRB- . The initial experience is usually okay . Everything seems to work . Then , after a few months , you have to start rebooting the router every once in a while . At some point , often well within a year , the router just gives out and becomes completely unreliable . This has happened with three of the four Netgear routers - and the Media router was NOT the exception.Indeed , I found the Media router to be incredibly sluggish -LRB- especially now that I compare it to my recently purchase D-link , which is fantastic -RRB- . The USB functionality worked acceptably well , and allowed me to stream my music from an external hard drive to my laptop . But the frequent connectivity problems rendered the router useless.I 've set up numerous wireless networks - this is definitely a problem with the router . More specifically , it is a problem with Netgear .
 Just did n't work in my network . Kept dropping the DSL internet connection . My network
 I use pretty much use all Netgear stuff for my home network , including a couple of wireless router/access points . I picked up the WGT634U when it first came out thinking I 'd be able to extend the range of my wireless network , plug in a monster USB drive for backup and file sharing , and then turn off my home file server.To quote the great Homer ... Doh!I guess I got what I deserved for going on the bleeding edge and not waiting to see some reviews . This thing has one MAJOR design flaw that makes it basically useless for me ... you ca n't write files on it when it 's formatted as NTFS , and formatting as FAT32 limits you to 32GB under WinXP ! Not only that , but files are limited to 4GB in FAT32 . That makes this thing pretty much useless unless I really want to maintain 10 partitions on my 300GB drive and find a backup program that will break the file up into 4GB chunks . That 's just not going to happen .
 Hello - I have been a fan of Netgear products for many years . I feel , unfortunately , that their products are being released with more and more bugs . This is by far the worst I 've ever owned.I got an ill feeling when I opened the box , and the first thing that comes out is a bright yellow sheet of paper saying to be sure to check their website for any bug fixes before using the wireless capabilities . Hmmmm ... Then I hooked it up and ran security scans from GRC.com . The router fails - it has ports 13 and 21 WIDE OPEN for all the world to see . In addition , the default is to respond to all pings from the internet.Then I upgraded the firmware as advised and tried the wireless . First , there is no WPA on this router yet . They claim it will come later . Then it would not reliably connect with my 108mbps Netgear wireless card even though the boxes said it would . It would fail authentication for about 2 minutes then all of a sudden would establish the connection.And the last straw was the error messages . They are in poor English . For example , when my wireless connections got dropped and I tried to log back on , the router displayed this message
 I have installed over 20 different wireless routers . This is by far the worst wireless product I have ever seen . For starters , of the 3 computers that I have , only one could actually detect the wireless signal -LRB- coincidentally , the one with a Netgear wireless card -RRB- . Even that PC could only connect to the signal some of the time . Also , despite claims on the Netgear website that it `` Works with all USB compliant external flash and hard drives '' , it would n't work with the one I have . And , though the box advertises that it supports WPA-PSK , they fail to mention that you need to download an upgrade to use that feature . I would not recommend this device to anyone .
 I could do two pages on the ordeal I have been through with TWO different WGT634U s.I will however give a synopsis.BUGGY - not sure if it is firmware or hardware but this router needs constant rebooting.HOT - Quite possibly one reason for the buggy nature . I have a fan on mine though and it still has problems.FRUSTRATING TECH SUPPORT - outsourced to India.Only reason this POS is getting a 2 is how fast it is when it does work .
 I 've been a Netgear fan for quite some time.This device sounds like a dream but has been a total nightmare , even with the latest firmware from Netgear 's website :1 -RRB- Wireless connection flat out does n't work for me . Both the laptop card and previous wireless router where Netgear branded product and worked great together -LRB- 802.11 b -RRB- .2 -RRB- USB drive connection is unstable . After formatting the drive with FAT32 and lots of little -LRB- 32GB -RRB- partitions , I copied everything to the drive and connected it to router . The router reports the shares properly and reports correct directory structure but files are only visible intermittently via Windows networking . When files are copied FROM the device - the copies are truncated/corrupt . THIS COULD BE A AN ` INCOMPATIBLE ' USB ENCLOSURE PROBLEM . However , I 've had no similar issues when connecting the enclosure directly to USB port on my computer .3 -RRB- FTP to USB shares flat out did n't work for me . FTP program sees the FTP server but username/password is never successfully authenticated .4 -RRB- Web administration interface is buggy
 This is absolutely the worst piece of high tech equipment I have ever bought . The QA people at NetGear must be shot . The router is full of software bugs . Every single feature is buggy and work inconsistently . It would stop working with no apparent reason and requires reboot almost daily . In a few instances , the only remedy is to wipe out the NVRAM setting and start all over again . Then it will still hang hopelessly a few days later.After honestly trying to make it work for 2-3 months , and updating firmware several times to no avail , I finally gave up and bought a D-link router which works like a charm and took all of 5 minutes to setup.Worst thing is , I bought a $ 200 + USB hard drive to use with this router , and 2 PC Card wirelss adapters . I ended up buying a DLink router and a Buffalo LinkStation . The Netgear driver seems buggy also but after the latest firmware upgrade , the NetGear PCMCIA card started working with my new D-Link router in 108Mpbs mode . My my expensive USB hard drive is now useless since the Linkstation comes with a built-in hard drive . All in all , I lost about $ 350 with this little mis-adventure with Netgear.All in all , the whole package costed me close to $ 500 -LRB- Netgear P.O.S. router , hard drive , and 2 PCMCIA Cards -RRB- . And it is $ 500 down the drain.DO NOT BUY THIS P.O.S. ! This is such a bad experience , I have lost any faith in the brand . Judging by the rest of the reviews here , I am not the only one that suffered .
 Extremely buggy router . Each router has a unique problem . FTP does n't work on one , support asked me to return it to store . Second one constantly reboots . Third refues to connect.I design elec. circuits for a living and I have one recommendation to make , stay away from this router WGT634U.Customer Support
 I bought this with the hope that i could store all my pictures and music in one central place on the network . But my drive is NTFS , which this device only supports read only access , so i could n't add any new files through the network . I was willing to live with that with the hope that at some point a firmware revision would solve that problem.I had to return it because it would n't keep a wireless connection to any of my devices for a consistant period of time . Some of these devices had compatible Netgear SuperG cards and some did n't . I was absolutely maddening to watch the little pop up box in the system tray lose , then find , then lose my connection.Maybe if I was new to this stuff this might not have bothered me so much , but I replaced an old Linksys 802.11 b wireless router that had just worked for years without so much as a hiccup . I am very disappointed in this product and would n't recommend it .
 I have used many Netgear products over the years with great satisfaction . This particular router was a disappointment : - connection drops off ; requires reboot often - needs 2 minutes to boot ! my old Netgear wireless router isup in 10 seconds - insecure
 I should have listened to the warnings on the other reviews before I bought this , the worst router I have ever used -LRB- I install routers as part of my job -RRB- . I saw the reviews telling how many problems they had , but I thought maybe those people did n't know what they were doing or they had not upgraded the firmware properly , etc. . They were right ... I upgraded several times to the latest firmware and still , it has to be rebooted at least daily , sometimes every 2 days . The wireless signal is awful ... and I did n't even try using it as a network attached storage because of all of the other problems , and that is the entire reason why I bought it in the first place!I finally gave up after a week or so and went back to my Linksys WRT54G wireless router , the defacto standard for wireless home networks -LRB- and small busines -RRB- . Netgear , this router should be recalled and replaced .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I am due 3 rebates from Netgear . The rebate company in Texas that Netgear uses for rebates is trying to not send me the money due me . They are pretending that not enough time has passed , that they now need to expedite the process . The rebate company is allegedly called Parago , is unwilling to provide it 's legal address , or the name of its leader or responsible party . The rebate company uses phone number -LRB-888-RRB-214-9109 . Do n't buy this router .
 Being a networking and computer savvy user for more than a decade , I have installed and used much more complex products . This Netgear router was the worst product I have ever purchased . It took my a couple of hours to setup and get working . The remote USB drive access does not work . I repeat , does not work as portrayed . USB drive access is very slow . I repeat , very slow . Connections keep dropping in a home environment . I repeat , keep dropping in a home environment.Just wait and buy a simpler router for now .
 Well , I thought I would write a review to help anyone else out who might have the same problems as I did . I orignally purchased this router and two of the wireless cards to set up a wireless network at home . Both of the netgear wg311 cards caused my computers to become so unstable that I ended up going back to wired interface . Strike one . The router itself seems to work fine as a wired interface though . None of the heat issues or crashes reported but , I am not using it as a wireless router now . -LRB- Strike Two -RRB- The problem I would like to address is the poor documentation -LRB- none at all -RRB- that is -LRB- not -RRB- provided with the unit or on the website . Nowhere could I find anything that said it only works with USB drives formatted to FAT32 , but when I formatted a 250GB to NTFS , the disk was read-only and could not be changed . After formatting to FAT32 -LRB- with lots o ' tiny drives -RRB- it could be accessed , but only one disk was listed in the browser . Not wanting that nightmare , I was able to discover that 1 -RRB- Win2k/XP wo n't format FAT32 above 32GB 2 -RRB- it is darn hard to find a free program to format correctly . BUT - I did find one.FAT32FORMAT from Ridgecrop Consultants is free , well documented and works just as advertised . I now have a 250GB FAT32 formatted drive . Now if I could just get the Netgear WGT634U to recognize that it is 250GB -LRB- it reports 13MB -RRB- everything would be great ! -LRB- Strike Three , yer out -RRB- It does not appear to affect the storage capability of the drive though.As to the support for this product , if you do n't know what you are doing and often need technical support , DO NOT BUY THIS ROUTER . It is seriously not for the non-techie and customer support will make you want to shoot something . Another router is mentioned in these reviews , from D-Link . I have not owned one but beware that the same NTFS issue is present there . At least D-Link states that it does not support NTFS in anything else but READ-ONLY . Of course you have to download the manual and read every page to get that.I hope this helps ! And if the FAT32FORMAT works , please be sure to email Tom and say thank you !
 I bought this router to replace my D-Link DI-614 + for 802.11 g support AND USB drive support -LRB- my main reason for the upgrade -RRB- . However , there 's a bug in their firmware that cause my SBC Yahoo DSL connection to drop after several hours of use/non-use and it would n't reconnect until I manually reconnect or reboot the router . My D-Link router works reliably and would reconnect if the connection is dropped . I have tried all firmware versions including the latest beta v1 .3.0.0 with different MTU settings but no luck . Other modes -LRB- DHCP , static IP -RRB- seem to work fine . I have e-mailed Netgear tech support but they are not very helpful - they sent me the latest beta firmware version which I have already tried ! I would stay away from this product unless you really want the integrated USB drive support and can deal with PPPoE disconnects .
 Ok , I 'm done with Netgear . For many years , I bought Netgear devices because they were cheaper than other big brands . I had problems with Netgear devices ; but usually got them working after some driver hassles , etc. . Annoying , but not too bad . My latest Netgear purchase was a WGT634U Wireless Media Router . Since Day 1 , I 've had but problems with it . It will go a week or so without problems , then it starts dropping signal at unspecified intervals . It dropped signal just now , while I 'm writing this review . My 3Com Wi-Fi -LRB- 802.11 b -RRB- access point never did this - it was solid as a rock , set and forget . I * never * had to reboot the 3Com in over 3 years of continuous service . I 've spent large amounts of time trying to figure out what 's wrong with this WGT634U Netgear wireless media router , including scouring the web for tech advice from users , upgrading the firmware , etc. . I 've probably rebooted/reset it 100 times in less than 1 year . It does seem to be more reliable when standing vertically . I 've read that the Netgear power supplies are marginal , and that Netgear routers run hot and are temperature sensitive . I do n't know if any of that is true ; but I do know this Netgear router is unreliable , for whatever reason . Life is too short for me to spend it diagnosing poorly engineered devices . I 'm switching to Linksys or D-Link or anything but Netgear . I 'm done .
 I already own the Netgear WGR614v4 and I bought this router for the usb drive port so that I could share files across my network and I was going to convert my 614 into an access point . It appears that there are all sorts of bugs with the 634U that do n't let you to configure the advanced IP settings regarding it 's own IP and DHCP LAN assignments . I tried 3 versions of the firmware -LRB- 1-8 , 1-9 , and 1-10beta -RRB- all with no luck , even though netgears site said they would fix the problems I was having . I finally had to go back to my old router for my DHCP assignments and change it 's IP to match the 634 so that I could then convert the 634 to an access point and use the file sharing option . I 'm guessing , but have n't tried , that the 634U would work just fine as a regular router with no IP assignments and as a file share point . Do n't expect to use many advanced features when it comes to networking on this . Also , I have n't had time to test it fully , but I guess the USB port is rated at USB2 .0 but barely runs over USB 1.1 speeds due to the lack of processor speed in the router itself . I have read many complaints about this feature and how it does n't transfer files even at network speeds -LRB- 100MBits/s -LRB- network -RRB- vs. 480MBits/s -LRB- USB2 .0 -RRB- -RRB- but rather it transfers at a rate of more like 15MBits/s which apparently does wonders if you want to stream or run audio/video from the networked drive . Do your reasearch before purchasing this product to see if you will have any problems in your network setup/plans .
 I tried to plug in 3 drive types for external storage . This was to be a great way to have a single location for all my computers on the network . Unfortunately this USB drive does not work as promised . I used a USB drive formatted FAT32 , another formatted NTFS , and finally a flash drive . None of them would work with the unit . The instructions were not working and I am faily proficient with networking . I emailed their help area and they asked me questions like `` is your drive plugged in ? '' . 10 emails later I could not get anyone who would have a conversation with me . I am still not able to use this router and decided to go out and buy a NAS drive that will allow me to do the same basic thing . I am returning this router for the less expensive model and plugging the NAS drive into a LAN port and getting the same basic functions .
 This has to be one of the worst routers I have ever dealt with . Please do n't waste your money on Netgear products . You will end up frustrated and angry most of the time . This product just looses connectivity at a whim . It can go for hours and not send out any signals to the computers on my network . Spend your money on a different brand . I recommend D-Link far and above Netgear .
 Like other reviewers , I have been a previous Netgear owner . I noticed that their tech support has diminished over the last two years and they now rigidly enforce a 90 day rule . Yet when I upgraded my home network to 802.11 G , I still purchased the familiar Netgear brand . I wish I had n't . While set up was easy , the extra expense of the USB drive support router was a waste of money . The external drive I connected to the USB port was ` visible ' to my network computers only occasionally . When I contacted Netgear support , they told me I had to format a one week old drive . I did , but it still was only occasionally available from my networked computers.More importantly , I began to have connectivity problems in the last month and even computers hard wired to the router can not find an internet connection . After 45 minutes on the phone with Netgear support , they have concluded that my modem is not working correctly . Wow , thanks!My choices are to return it and wait for a replacement in 7-10 days , or pay $ 15 for a five day turnaround or $ 30 for a 3 day turnaround . No thanks . I 'd rather throw this expensive router away , cross Netgear off my list and buy something reliable . Save your money , save your time , save your hair and buy elsewhere .
 This router crashes every day or two . It has to be cold rebooted and all the connection details reloaded each time.I have already returned the first unit , but the replacement is just as bad . Even with a new unit and the latest software upgrade , this router is very unreliable .
 1 . The wireless signal does n't seem to be all that great .2 . the internet access controls do not work or work only when the router is in a good mood .3 . Quite frequently -LRB- 1-5x per week -RRB- the router drops the LAN for no obvious reason , so that it has to be turned off and on . Takes about 2-3 Minutes , before the connected computers are then online again.Conclusion
 A piece of junk right out of the box . The cables were jammed even before I started . Do not buy this .
 The info listed on this page claims that this is a 6 foot cable , but when you receive the product it clearly says 4 ft on the packaging . Each side accounts for 2 feet , otherwise the product is fine . Just wish I knew how short it was in the first place because I would n't have ordered it then .
 Returned item because it was not compatible . I am disappointed that the shipping cost was $ 20.00
 Sent a complaint that the serial number to Painter Essentials would not permit installation.Wacom requested the followingWACOM
 Mine came with a major blemish -- blemish in that thus far this is not a functional impairment -- the clear plastic casing was split open for two inches along the top of the tablet . I immediately contacted Wacomwho then claimed that this was a design flaw since the inception of theproduct , and they would not replace my tablet .
 I got this as a present . Connected with a modem to the Net . Got through . Things were okay and downlaoded some nice applications . Then suddenly within a month the screen broke , and I do n't even know how . I certainly do not remember mishandling it . Compaq wants big money to fix it . I gave them a piece of my mind about the flimsy screen and they said they can not give me a free screen when they have been charging others . Is Compaq making a profit from replacing screens ? I gave it away to a techie friend who is going to get the screen fixed or do something else with it ; he told me CE devices are not bought by people in the know.Finally I decided to shell out for the famous PALM VII . I then realized that the whole world is providing all sorts of software and utilities to run on the PALM , most of it exclusively for PALM OS . But that is not Compaq 's fault that PALM OS dominates the software written for PDAs . But until you have had a PALM you dont know what you have been missing.Also PALM lets you do lots more browsing thru clipping . I even signed up to trade stocks with my PALM ; sorry again for Windows CE users -- major brokers only provide this on the PALM . Basically I like to use the PDA for more than just inbuilt functions -LRB- I am a semi-techie -RRB- and that is where PALM is worth it -- PALM OS gets you loads of fun free applications and utilities.And of course PALM screens are made to last .
 I have just recently purchased an Aero 1550 and although it has a good price and plenty of memory it lacks things like `` syncing '' capabilities from desktop to pocket pc . It does however come with and attractive slipcover and a convenient recharging cradle and `` syncing '' cradle all in one . And -LRB- a bonus and probably one star worth -RRB- the software that comes with it is exceptional . However the small size which to some might be convenient ; to me it feels almost to light and to small but it fits anywhere you would like to place it -LRB- which is a plus for this product -RRB- . Overall I would recommend something like a Palm III series or a Handspring Visor because for the everyday hectic life style it might leave something to desire.-Jose Nunez
 At first it was amazing . It simply locked up and would n't turn off . Had to take out battery to initialize , then one day that did n't work . Sent in for warranty service . Got it back and a couple of weeks later the screen cracked with light use of the stylus . Sent it back for warranty repair . They refused claiming a cracked screen was sign of abuse , period . Never got it serviced , never got my money back , they treated me like I was trying to -LSB- cheat -RSB- them . A total waste of money and worse than that the 12 people who bought it on my recommendation probably had similar experiences . Compaq/HP customer support are you out there ?
 I bought Aero 1550 based on the reviews . It was a big disappointment for the following reasons a -RRB- The case that came with the PDA was of such poor quality that one would have thought that having paid so much for the PDA you would get a case that spoke of the quality of the product . b -RRB- The biggest disappointment was the fickleness of the PDA to startup . I had the PDA for less than 24 hours when I had problems turining it on . It worked sometimes and at other times all I saw was a blank screen when I turned the power on the PDA . I returned it right away .
 I have to agree with the ` Awful Warranty ' comments below . I had my Aero in my front pocket all day and sometime during the day my screen broke . Compaq also quoted me $ 185 to have it repaired . If only I had seen the other review before purchasing this ! Other companies like Handspring replace a PDA screen for free the first time it 's damaged . Overall , it 's a great product combined with a disgraceful warranty . Beware !
 I purchased my Compaq a bit more than three months ago and for the first two months I loved it . I used it everyday , finding the Compaq to be a powerful tool . Unfortunately my machine has developed a few significant bugs over the past two weeks . First , my ` Today ' screen -LRB- overview of appointments and to do 's -RRB- began to only paritally appear . It brings up the top banner and does not refresh the bottom half of the screen . Now my unit is ` stuck ' on the password screen and I ca n't do anything with it.This would be a great tool if Microsoft could get its act together .
 i used to own a compaq 1530 . not a bad pda , but with such a flimsy case to protect it , the glass cracked . from looking at the cracks , it did not receive a major blow to cause the cracks . anyways , i tried using the warranty and was willing to pay money to get it fixed until i found out that it would COST $ 185 dollars to do any fixing that is n't covered under warranty . the thing only costs a little more ! i think it is just ridiculous . i mean , maybe 50-100 dollars is reasonable , but almost 200 is just way too much . well , i learned my lesson not to buy from compaq anymore
 I bought this battery to replace the one I had for my Minolta Dimage G500 as it was advertised as such . Unfortunately , the battery even after charging it would not work . Disappointing .
 It gets the job done . That 's about all I can say about it . The wireless TTL does n't work on my K10d . If I could go back I would buy Pentax or the lower model Sigma .
 I never got the right product !!!! I got the Sigma Flash but for a Sigma brand camera . i own a Pentax camera ! I sent the item back and Amazon said that they would send my Pentax Flash to me but I never received it ! The order was canceled by amazon apparently but then i get this survey in my email ?? I have filed a dispute with my bank . I hate Amazon .
 Good Flash does not last long though . I bought the flash about a year ago as a back up flash . I barely used it and the flash bulb burnt out on it very quickly . Unfortunately the warranty just ran out when it quit working and i have to trash a barely used flash .
 This battery from BatteryGeneral IS NOT compatible with the Minolta A2 camera . The voltage does n't match to original Np400 battery , the battery indicator in camera shows a fresh charged battery as almost fully drained !
 All , be careful of this battery , even though the picture shows that the battery says Minolta , this battery would have been issued by Konica Minolta and does n't match OEM batteries that I have .
 I purchased my Acer from Amazon with great anticipation . I had read a lot of reviews about the various features and it seemed very promising . My son had also purchased one and he was pleased with it . Mine came and I was very excited - but the fun lasted for a very short time . The Microsoft Tablet software -LRB- Journal and the free download trial version of OneNote -RRB- while being hyped as great - were n't . And so my productivity dreams vanished within a couple days . Then the screen became unpredictable , and in a short time I could not get it to work at all . I returned the unit to Amazon and now wonder if I will ever try another tablet pc . Probably not , because the current software is designed for scribblers and note takers not organized document makers . I really do hope that some company will take the tablet seriously enough to make it lightweight , cool , bright , and powerful enough to do the work of regular notebook . And also for Microsoft to work on a tablet pc word processor at least a little bit like Word .
 I ` ve tryed to buy one for the last two months , and they are very hard to find , near IMPOSSIBLE to find . Accessories are even HARDER to find . Compaq created a little marvel to be seen on web stites , but not used in the real-world . It would be better than the competitio if it were available ... The lack of a serial cradel exculdes Win 95 and NT . COMPAQ EXECUTIVES ARE LAUGHING AT US RIGHT NOW
 I have ordered an iPAQ and have waited since June . I need a PDA and have delayed , waiting shippment of the iPAQ . The problem is not the delay , it is the inaccurate and lack of information from Compaq . Even a manager in product development told me it would be by July . Now we are told August 15 . I did not care when it shipped , but I did care to receive real information . I have purchased a Palm Vx and love it . Too bad though , the iPAQ , despite Compaq , seemed nice .
 Where are these stupid things that were supposed to be out two months ago . The Microsoft Ipaq - oops I mean Compaq Ipaq is a tiny -LRB- ha ha -RRB- bit late to market with a bunch of hoopla . And by the way who do the rest of you reviewers work for
 I went out on a limb and bought 10 of these for my company leadership . They look great , but getting any useful information from Compaq is a joke . These things do n't run on NT out of the box not that anyone tells you that . Compaq has no clue when the serial cradle will be available -LRB- they do n't even claim to sell them -RRB- and I was transferred 4 times to get that information . We chose Compaq over HP based on customer support . At this point I 'm thinking of sending all of them back and getting HPs since it seems that they are both at the same level .
 the person did not say it was a ripoff the screws was missing , and i still was not able to turn it on and set it up plaese do not send me a request review on this i am very angry the indivindual did not put details on the product summary thank alot sir i hope you enjoy the ripoff items you try to sell . . Compaq iPAQ 3650 Color Pocket
 The Ipaq has serious quality issues including dust under the screen -LRB- !! -RRB- , problems with the stylus housing , and problems with some of the buttons . Compaq customer service also suffers , no doubt due to the back log of complaints on the Ipaqs already in the hands of consumers . My advice is simply not to buy one of these . Take a look at the Casio models instead . They 're high-quality machines and beat the Ipaq in several areas , including screen quality , sound quality , and , most importantly , manufacturing quality ...
 I 'm an x-Palm user , had three versions of Palm by choice , all worked wonderfully , never had a problem , support was great ! Bought a Compaq iPAQ 3650 , wanted to try the `` latest '' PocketPc . Might be this year 's worse mistake . Within one month , I 've experienced hardware and software failures and an apparent lack of concern by Microsoft AND Compaq.Recent inquiry re
 The screen went out on the first one i purchased and the buttons did n't work on the replacement one compaq sent to me . Two months later I 'm waiting on my third ipaq . Three other ipaq owners i know have experienced similar problems . Advice ... Buy the HP .
 I bought my Compaq Ipaq and the Rhinoskin Rhinopack 2000 case at the same time . After using both for about 3 months , I dropped the Ipaq with the case on it accidentally ! Both the screen and body cracked and Compaq would not replace it for a lesser cost than buying a new one ! So , I bought a Palm Vx and I 'm much more satisfied than before !
 Many of these units have been turning up with a display issue that renders them useless . Compaq would rather try and ship more defective units into the channel than take care of those of us who already bought one and are without a working unit . Shame on Compaq , I would n't take my chances on buying one of these unless you can afford to be without it for a couple of months while you wait for them to fix it .
 I bought the IPAQ from a local retailer about two weeks ago . As soon as i opened the package i noticed the thing rattled like a babys toy ... it turned on and worked fine ... it just rattled ! So i took it back and exchanged it for another . After about two days of constant use the stylus holder broke ... so it would not click in ... the stylus was just hanging out about 8 mm . Ok , by this time , there were none to be echanged in any stores . So I decide to live with the tiny inconvenience until more abundent supplies were around -LRB- i have a 3 year exchange warrenty -RRB- . Then , after about 5 more days , the usb cradle bent the connector with the handheld ! I could not synch my data ! That cradle is very very dificult to use ... Now i am tired of the thing . It is cool and perfect in the applications you can use with it -LRB- I use it to keep track of my patients medical data when they are in the hospital -RRB- . So I took it back and got my money back . All the other PocketPC devices are slower and have poor memory and screens . I probably will by another , but beware ... these things are flimsy . buy one with a good exchange warrenty if you can .
 I tried this product with high hopes . Needless to say , I ended up hiring a company to come out and install a professional system for four times the cost . This system arrived in a plain brown box and with an instruction manual that was obviously used . I was dissapointed to receive a used/returned/refurbished product when I was told it was new . The video is of low quality with a very slow framerate . It was not clear at all . I love the wireless funtionality , pan/tilt/zoom , and overall design . The software was unnecessarily difficult to set up . I spent several hours just trying to figure it out . I did call their customer service and had a more than enjoyable experience in that regard . They were highly knowledgable about the product and happy to help . They did tell me it was okay to mount these units outdoors , eventhough everything in the manual said otherwise . Save yourself the time and effort , hire a security company to do the work .
 Extremely difficult to set up . Particularly for internet access . I still have n't been able to view all three cameras on one page . Plus I received a Costco circular with another manufactures device that has nine cameras including some that worked outdoors -LRB- Sony cameras -RRB- for not much more money and brand new as well . -LRB- The panasonic cameras ca n't be used outdoors -RRB- They could n't possibly be more difficult to set up . Somehow that sounds like a better deal .
 panasonic has agreat product , but they do not give you all the components you need to set up your security nework .
 I purchased a second 1GB Travel drive to mate up with one that had been working fine . The second drive is a different version -LRB- although they look identical -RRB- which does not work with my computer . There is no question that my computer is older technology having had a WIN 98 O/S which I upgraded to WIN ME . After talking with tech support and trying all the recommended solutions , tech support recommended I get a replacement or refund under their warranty program . Bottom line , they passed the buck
 Oh yes you can go wrong buying from Memorex and there is a surprise!NOTE from Memorex WEB page : USB Flash Drives -LRB- TravelDrives -RRB- Limited 1-Year Warranty
 I have the 512MB drive and I have used about 30 % of the space . The drive now tells me that it can not create a path . Or it says check to make sure the drive is not full . I have to take everything off and put it into a seperate folder , add what I want to the drive and then transfer everything back on . That is the only way it works . This is the second one that I have had and I am having the same problems . Not happy with it .
 My old 256 meg thumb drive works in the USB port on my keyboard , but this Memorex TravelDrive has too high a power requirement and wo n't work on my iMac keyboard USB port . So the only way I can use it is to unplug stuff from the back of the computer or a powered USB port . There is no excuse for making a thumb drive that sucks that much power . I do n't know if it is the fault of the LED light , but whatever the cause for it being a power hog , it severely limits the usefulness of this product . I recommend you pass on this one and shop for a thumb drive that will let you connect it to any USB connector . I 'm back to using my old one . Really poor engineering decisions on this one .
 This drive was a good price , and it works as advertised , but the problem I have with it is that the cap does not snap on ; it just slides on . I keep the traveldrive on my keychain in my pocket most of the time , and I lost the cap about a week after I got it . I still use it and carry it around without the cap because I paid for it , but if I had to do it again , I would get one with a snapping cap , even if it cost a little more .
 Battery only hold charges for less than pictures -LRB- after only about a year of use -RRB-
 the card corrupted the day after I brought it and took 50 pictures . Can not read from the card nor format it again .
 This SD card is highly unreliable.I purchased mine for a trip to Europe and the firs time I used I got the message that the card did not work . I was not able to reformat it.I sent it to Sandisk who replaced the old card with a new one.I got the same problem after using card again . Therefore , I had to purchase a program to recovere the pictures on the card . So I am out of $ 40 for the software plus I have an SD card that is not reliable.When I contacted Sandisk customer service I requested they change that card for another type of card . They refused.Lexar cards are more reliable and the price is not higher .
 I bought two cards from Amazon -LRB- Sandisk Ultra II 1GB -RRB- for use with the Canon S2 . For almost 2 months , they were fine -- fast & worked like a charm.One not-so-fine-day , I got the dreaded `` Memory Card Error '' . The cards ca n't be read either from the camera or the PC.I 've contacted Sandisk and returned those 2 cards.Will see how the replacements do ... . I 'll hold off the judgment on Sandisk Ultra II SD 1GB card , but 2 failed cards does n't fair very well in my book so far . -LRB- My other Sandisk product , the Mini-Cruzer has been working fine for a few years . -RRB- UPDATE
 So my son leaves for europe for a two year , once in a lifetime , project . I buy him a camera . I buy him a SadDisk memory card so that he has lots of capacity . And do n't forget reliability . SadDisk is the best ! Right ? He uses the card in his camera for a year and a half as he travels around europe on various assignment locations . Taking pictures of so many memorable locations , new friends , and the like.One day he decides to use the camera . There is a message waiting for him . Card Error.I am sure you know how we feel about SadDisk and their products.Consider yourself warned . DO NOT BUY OR USE SANDISK PRODUCTS !!!!!!!
 I bought this memory cause it was supposed to be the best , it lasted 1 day !!!! thats wright 1 day !!! and puff it said please give format , and then it was dead
 recently bought this card - DOES NOT = read in SanDisk 's own crd reader.reads in old Dazzle and in Emachines integrated card reader.Sandisk 's answer - try another of their cards -LRB- same , e.g. Ultra -RRB- and card reader.never mind that the card reads in other readers - and the reader reads other brand cards.somethings amiss when they sell without advising that there 's a question of interoperability between with the brand .
 The pictures taken on this memory chip would not download to my hard drive . I tried to return the chip for another , the seller said he was on vacation and could/would not replace it ... I could buy another from another store . I tried to contact the seller when I returned from my vacation -LRB- the reason I bought the chip -RRB- and got no response ... so now I still have the non working chip and have not gotten a return on my $ ... I am not satisfied .
 I got my first card in July of 2006 to use with my Canon S3 digital camera . It was great through mid-October . Then I started having memory card errors , and the card finally died completely . SanDisk 's warranty/return policy made getting a replacement easy.The second card lasted about three months as well . Same problem.Got a THIRD card from SanDisk . Another three months have passed , and the card just died -- right on schedule . Only thing I can think is that it does n't like having photos deleted using a computer and card reader instead of the camera . Funny thing -- never have this problem with my 2GB SanDisk Extreme III SD card or my SanDisk 256MB SD card . It 's just this model.SanDisk is great about replacing the cards , but this three-month cycle of death and replacement is getting old .
 The company was very slow in responding to my e-mails asking about where my product was -LRB- the tracking was input on computer , but the post office had never received the product -RRB- . After over a month , they promised they would send me my product and they did apologize . Several weeks later it still had not arrive , so I cancelled my order . They did credit my amount back in a fairly timely fashion .
 Placed an order for this item on Aug 28 - total + $ 16 shipping . Charged our CC on Aug 28 - claim to ship on Aug 29 by US Postal . It 's been 17 days - sent an inquiry to CS and got a response to wait for it another week . I filed a claim with Amazon - what a waste of time ! Later per checking feedbacks - found I was n't the only one with the similar problem . I hope Amazon is looking into this . Of course on the feedback - it response to refund back but I never receive any email from them . This is not how web orders should work ... . I may have better luck on ebay . Now I have to go out during lunch break to pick this item up . Hope this helps to other readers ...
 After 21/2 months , this card completely died on me . I 'd had a couple of error messages earlier on , but everything seemed to be okay afterwards . Then ... the disaster happened . I was taking pictures and got the error message . My camera would n't take any more pictures . Then suddenly all but a few pictures on the card just disappeared . I was able to take a few more shots which showed up when reviewing the pictures on my camera , but when I tried to upload them , my computer did not recognize that there was anything on the card . I hate losing pictures.I have just purchased the Extreme III -LRB- yes , another SanDisk , but the recovery software was way too appealing after losing my last batch of pictures -RRB- and now , all is well .
 Basically , all my photos from my once in a lifetime trip to europe , ie . england and italy -LRB- including beautiful capri -RRB- , were lost to me because the card failed . I tried to get ritz camera to recover , they sent to their special facilities to try to recover . It was unrecoverable . I can not ever trust sandisk after this major dissapointment . Needless to say , I do not recommend sandisk . I will be buying lexar for my next memory card . Just look at the number of 1 star reviews for this product and you will know not to take the risk .
 I received a Canon PowerShot SD30 Digital ELPH for Christmas -LRB- having waited eagerly for it for months after reading the reviews -RRB- . The camera was shipped with a small 16MB memory card just to whet my appetite . It was no surprise because Canon -LRB- and reviews on Amazon.com -RRB- indicated what I should expect in the package . Obviously I wanted and need more memory for my voracious appetite for taking pictures.I looked through the offerings of memory cards on Amazon.com and noted the large capacity available in the SanDisk SDSDH-1024-901 1 GB Ultra II Secure Memory Card -LRB- they could have shortened the name to little piece of expensive junk , but I digress -RRB- . Based on the review that I read and the hype a saw in other magazines and nothing else really to compare it to , I made a purchase of this card . I noted that the price was high but I felt that I could not go wrong spending good money on a quality item that was going into a quality camera . Besides - why would a person drop $ 400 - $ 600 on a digital camera and have only a limited small memory capacity . I thought SanDisk had the right idea , yet I could not figure out why they did not have a real `` corner '' on the market of people like myself.I found out over a period of weeks , when the camera kept locking up and showing `` Memory Card Error '' , that there was a reason why everyone was not buying this memeory card . When I checked the camera instructions -LRB- I automatically assumed the camera was at fault -RRB- , the manual stated it meant a `` Memory Card Anomoly '' . OK , I 'm sure that does not happen often . But , in fact , I got the error message every other time I used the camera with this memory card . The original card did not lock up or cause a problem , although it had much less capacity . The only way to free the camera and get it back in operation was to format the memory card -LRB- and in the process lose all the images and data -RRB- . This worked ok as a last resort , provided that the images lost were of no real importance , and often it would `` lock up '' after only a few shots -LRB- savning me from losing a large number of images -RRB- . However , still convinced that it was more the camera than the memory card , I made the mistake of relying on the use of the SanDisk as a memory card when taking pictures of my daughters graduation ceremony , subsequent party and other related festivities.The camera just suddenly gave me an error message of `` Memory Card Error '' locked up and would not allow me to do anything , including format it . I had taken perhaps 70 shots , not quite half the stated capacity , yet the card indicated that it was locked and that there were `` No Images '' . A physical and visual check of the card showed that the tab WAS NOT in the `` locked '' position . I even took the time to check the disc in the camera after moving the tab up and down several times to `` free '' it from the `` locked '' position . It continued to indicate it was `` locked '' . I then took the time , through my major disappointment and anger , to read the accompanying literature -LRB- or what SanDisk calls a warranty -RRB- . The long and short of it is
 One month ago I purchased a SanDisk 1 GB Ultra II SD memory card to use in my Canon PowerShot S2 IS camera . My choice of the SanDisk card was based on SanDisk 's reputation for quality and reliability . Within one month , the card failed -- so much for SanDisk 's quality . My next shock was to learn that the turnaround time for a replacement would be four to six weeks . This is because SanDisk has none of these cards in stock , even though most retail sources have them available for immediate shipping . This makes absolutely no sense to me and seems to be a very dim-witted way to run a business.What is worse , the technical support person I contacted could n't have cared less about my problem and shoved me off on someone called the `` RMA Coordinator '' . This turned out to be a person who does n't bother to respond to customer E-mail , even after repeated requests -- so much for SanDisk 's reliability . In fact , all of my attempts to communicate with SanDisk personnel , from SanDisk founder Dr. Eli Harari on down , have failed.In spite of Harari 's technological accomplishments , my experience has led me to believe that he heads a company that is producing an inferior product and which is staffed by people who obviously ca n't take care of business . Or do n't care to.Other people have no doubt had different experiences with SanDisk and their products . However , I can only base my opinions of the company and their memory cards on what I have experienced.Therefore , as a result of my dissatisfaction with SanDisk , I have to say that if you 're looking for a memory card that is high quality and wo n't fail in one month of relatively light use , look elsewhere . And if you care about reliable customer service , choose another company other than SanDisk.As far as I 'm concerned , they should rename the company SadDisk
 I bought two Sandisk 1 GB SD memory cards as my old SD cards are too slow for the new digital cameras . Unfortunately , within a few weeks both of them became unreadable.I have used the two cards on different cameras , so the problem ca n't possibly be with the cameras . My old SD cards never had any problems . I have used Sandisk Ultra II flash cards before , and they are very reliable . However , think twice before you invest in these .
 After a few months of error-free use the card failed . Whilst downloading to a Mac , the card freezes the computer and then corrupts the stored data . Four different recovery programs were unable to extract readable files . I lost valuable images from two special occasions . Very disappointing!I 've used a number of Compact Flash cards -LRB- Lexar & SanDisk -RRB- with other cameras and never had a single failure . A quick search of the web reveals MANY people with the same problem for this 1GB SD Ultra II card , so the failure rate appears quite high . My advice , do n't risk it !
 I bought this card for my new Canon digital camera because SanDisk claimed it would reduce the wait time between pictures . Since I have two small children who rarely sit still for long , this was my highest priority in choosing a camera and memory card . However , this memory card actually made my camera have about twice the wait time between photos as it had with the small 16 MB card that was shipped with the camera ! Very disappointed and I plan to return it tomorrow .
 I started to shop in Amazon ever since it started its business . It was a very efficient and well priced online seller.Not any more.Especially with all these other online sellers -LRB- many of them are offering free shipping and no sales tax -RRB- in the market , how can Amazon compete if it takes two weeks to deliver a small piece of product like this one . And I am not using their so-called ` FREE ' delivery -LRB- by UPS -RRB- , I paid about $ 6 just to have it shipped ` normally ' , and it takes 2 weeks !! This is totally an unacceptable timing - especially considering this is an Internet purchase , what 's the point of buying online when you find something you want but you have to wait 2 weeks even if you paid for the shipping costs , why not just buy it in-store ??? And since the product -LRB- e.g. this SD memory -RRB- is shipping from a warehouse within the US main land , what makes it take two week to arrive in Los Angeles , CA aside from an exceptionally inefficient shipper -LRB- in this case UPS -RRB- ? And this is not an individual incident , it has been like this for at least a year by now -LRB- initially I thought this type of late delivery just happened once a while -RRB- , I am sure many other customers of Amazon are experiencing this type of unacceptable delivery schedule from Amazon/UPS . Basically what it means to me is that I will not shop in Amazon again unless they can fix this shipping problem .
 I bought this item and i used only one day and the camera showed me that i need to change , so i put it on a card reader ant it told me that i need to format the card . It sucks a lot.Please do n't buy it
 Within a week of purchase , the card basically `` froze . '' I could n't add or delete files , and could n't even format the card in an attempt to `` reset '' it -LRB- yes , I did check the lock tab ; visually the card was unlocked -RRB- . I have other cards of various brands and storage capacities and have never had this type of problem . Looking at some of the other reviews , it seems that this really is n't an isolated issue . My concern -LRB- and seemingly that of the other 1-star reviewers -RRB- , was the virtually immediate failure of this particular product . I was more fortunate than other reviewers seem to have been - I purchased mine through a reputable bricks and mortar store which allowed me to exchange . Yes , I did exchange it , and -LRB- at least so far -RRB- no problems with the new one . The bimodal distribution of reviews suggests that this is a quality control issue . Some of us have purchased lemons from what seems to be an overall -LRB- when it does work -RRB- decent product . When this happens , the consumer depends upon the companies making and selling the product to stand behind it ... As always , let the buyer beware . That 's how these customer forums can help - they let you see what real people are experiencing . It 's certainly not scientific , being a non-random sample , but at least if you 're reading this , you can decide whether or not to risk your hard earned $ $ based on what others have experienced . If you get a bad one , well at least you knew about the possibility ! Hopefully you wo n't . Generally , human nature what it is , a higher percentage of dissatisfied customers will write about their troubles , so the percentage of 1-stars in this series of reviews is hopefully not a reflection on the percentage of bad cards out there.Lessons learned ? 1 . For me , though I still have this card -LRB- a new one , and hopefully one that I 'd have given 5 stars to had I not lost the quality control lottery with card # 1 -RRB- , I wo n't trust it with single copy files -LRB- though that 's nothing new ; I do n't trust any form of storage for single copies - always back-up !! -RRB- . I use it simply for portability and convenience .2 . If I were using it in a camera , I 'd download it every single day -LRB- or after every significant photo session -RRB- , because from the negative reviews , like mine , you 'll never know when it might fail -LRB- one day or years later ! -RRB- .3 . If you see a good deal on this card , and plan to buy it , make sure that the company you 're purchasing it from will allow you to return , or at least exchange , it .
 This memory card was working great with my Canon A620 digital camera . It was really fast when taking pictures , shooting videos and transfering files to my PC . However , after one month of use it died on me . Now the camera reports a memory card error and it wo n't be read either with my card-reader plugged to the PC . I 've always trusted Sandisk and have many products from them and this is the first time it happens . I wish it could 've lasted longer , it was a joy to use . too bad ! ...
 To make a very long story short , this SD card failed on me in my Canon SD 400 just before entering Yellowstone NP -LRB- I 've never been before -RRB- on a perfect morning in late July ' 05 . I had to purchase a disposable camera in the park and then buy a replacement Lexar SD card at a Walmart . The Lexar works perfectly , several hundred pictures later.To make another long story short , their online tech support is poor as well . They sidestep issues and give canned responses . While trying to convince them that the card is dead and that I need an RMA , I received the same canned e-mail answer twice . They kept recommending a 3rd party product to recover the data , but my laptop does n't see the SD card -LRB- it 's dead !!! -RRB- . Sandisk will not recover the pictures for you . They offered two other 3rd parties that could do recovery -- one is $ 125 for a `` chance '' or $ 395 for a guarantee . Forget it !! After two cases and several e-mails , I finally have been `` approved '' for an RMA.I have learned my lesson . I will never leave home without my Lexar card again .
 I purchased this SanDisk 1GB Ultra II from Costco a few weeks ago for $ 39.99 -LRB- using a $ 10 instant off coupon -RRB- for my Nikon D50 camera . Prior to this SanDisk card , I was using a cheap standard Kingston 512 MB card . Comparing the two SD cards , there was no difference in shooting burst mode -LRB- expected , since D50 only shoots at 2.5 FPS -RRB- ; however , there was also no difference in read speed on my Dell Dimension E510 integrated SD card reader . Google Picasa reported upload speed was almost exactly the same at about 5-7 MB/s . Similarly , using a USB 2.0 SD-card reader on my Apple PowerBook 1.5 GHz reported similar speed using Apple iPhoto -LRB- both cards are slightly slower at around 4-5 MB/s -RRB- . So , either my Kingston standard memory was really good or this SanDisk Ultra II was not living up to its speed claims.Worst of all , the SanDisk Ultra II broke down during my recent trip to Boston -LRB- it had only been through 2 weeks of light use ! -RRB- . I lost half of my photos using this SanDisk Ultra II SD memory card , and I ca n't write to memory -LRB- no write protect -RRB- and refused to be formated -LRB- using my Nikon D50 and my PowerBook at the time , and Dell Windows box after I got back from Boston -RRB- . I am so glad that I still have my trusty el cheapo 512 MB Kingston -LRB- that you can get for $ 18 in Amazon now -RRB- with me during the trip . When I got back from Boston , I promptly returned this SD card -LRB- thanks to Costco 's nice return policy , I was able to return this card without a receipt ! -RRB- . My next memory card will probably be a Kingston memory card ; no more SanDisk if it continues to charge a premium for its `` brand '' . Lifetime warranty on these SD cards are useless ; the contents are irreplaceable once they are lost and they are priceless to me .
 This card seems to have a good transfer rate when copying a small number of large files . However , it still crawls when compared to my panasonic 256MB SD card that is much older when copying a large number of small files .
 I 've gone through two of these cards . They worked in the camera ... unloaded it and then it died . `` Unable to format '' . SanDisk support had me try several things to format and none worked . They did authorize a return .
 Arrived on time , but does n't work . Known good proc/ram from working system . Noone sells these anymore .
 I placed an online order , twice.Both times I was sent the product without the enclosed cd.I was told that I would receive a refund.I have not . Although the response was prompt , the outcome was negative .
 An affordable printer with lots of speed and No reliability . I have gone through several Brother printers in the last thirteen years and this one is the pits . Lasted only about three months . Product support is like pulling teeth ... it takes several emails before you can talk to a human ... then they go thru the `` is it plugged up and swithed on '' routine . I went through three layers of tech support and no luck . I figured what little I spent on this thing I may as well just chuck it . I think I will go back to an Okidata printer ... I have had problems with them ... but if I am not up and running I have a replacement in about four days -LRB- important if your in business -RRB- . I will say the Brother DCP-1200 multifunction machine I have is very impressive ... like a timex ... takes a licking and keeps on printing or copying .
 If you enjoy spending countless hours on hold waiting for Brother Service Center technicians or you really dig driving to Kinkos in order to print out what your malfunctioning home/office printer is failing to produce , buy this printer . Otherwise , beware.I have owned the Brother 5140 for 7 weeks . It has worked for 2 . The drum unit became damaged -LRB- according to the Service Rep I was actually able to make contact with one lucky day -RRB- after 2 weeks of limited use . When the drum unit is damaged , the 5140 prints out solid black , icky sticky sheets . You 'll want to be wearing your oldest clothes when this happens.Brother sent me a new drum unit . That took a week . The new drum unit produced the same black results . Brother wo n't refund my money since I did not purchase the printer directly from them . But , they will send me a new printer as long as I supply them with a major credit card . Yahoo!This experience has been a nightmare . I work out of my home and need a very reliable laser printer . The Brother 5140 is everything but .
 I picked one of these a month or so ago on sale for $ 149 . Unfortunately a recent accident with a sheet of labels destroyed the drum . Replacement drums for this unit go for $ 150 ! This surely presses the limits of the `` Gilette '' model of selling printers -LRB- give 'em the razor , overcharge them for the blades -RRB- . I recycled the printer and replaced it with an HP-1022 -LRB- same capabilities , but the drum/toner cart replacements are only $ 50 ! -RRB-
 This is n't the worst printer I 've ever owned , but it definitely makes the short list . The problem of the paper curling that other people have alluded to is a significant one for me . I 'm an author , and when I print out a manuscript , 350 curly pages are unwieldy and look amateurish . And the fact that a page curls when it comes out of the printer means that the pages that follow it often get caught on the curled edges , pushing the page onto the floor . Ridiculous . I 've had a couple of paper jams in the first two months of using it , and a problem where it wants to grab more than one piece of paper and feed them through the printer together , but staggered.On the plus side , this printer is extremely fast . Issue a Print command , and it starts up quickly and spits the page out without hesitationIf all you print are letters that you fold into an envelope , I do n't think the curling pages are a serious issue , since the envelope will compress them . But if the pages are to remain unfolded , there are far more suitable printer choices out there .
 Really , Do n't bother with this one . I 'm from England and the 've discontinued it here . I 've had it just over a year.The printing started fading on the right of the page so I bought a new toner . This did n't solve the problem . So I followed the troubleshooting advice and bought a new drum . This did n't solve the problem . I emailed Brother . They rang back -LRB- quite promptly -RRB- and after cleaning a piece of glass inside , it still did n't work.Finally they suggested I take it to be overhauled . The people I contacted at last gave me some sound advice . `` Bin it `` Probably the last time I use Brother !
 This computer printer was thrown in a cardboard box , without any packaging material . When I received the box , I could pick it up and hear the sounds of broken plastic pieces in the box , rolling around . This was the willful destruction of a customers order by the seller . I will NEVER purchase from them again .
 I have a small CPA office . I bought one HL-5140 in January and another one last week . The first one died yesterday with a broken part ; the second one died today after printing one page at a time . Brother HQ apologized several times and offered to send me a reconditioned printer -- for the one I just bought last week.I knew the printers were disposable and that printer repair places will not work on Brother printers . But I did not expect the printer to die after a week.Luckily Best Buy is across the street so I bought two Lexmarks . I hope they will last until April 15 !
 Excelent headphones , but microphone does n't work . have tried it on 4 + computers , both macs and pcs , the computer can never detect it , even when the detachable microphone is plugged directly into the audio-in port.I bought it specifically for the detachable mic , and therefore am quite disappointed .
 I so very much wanted to use this lens . I actually tried two of them here from Amazon . The first one simply could not autofocus on pretty much anything . If I manually focused the images were really very nice . Good sharp lens . The extreme corners are a bit soft and do n't really sharpen up until about f/8 . There is quite a bit of chromatic aberation at 18mm . The performance seems quite acceptable for a wide angle lens of this type . Unfortunately , since it could never really autofocus it was n't very useful , so I exchanged it.The second copy worked quite a bit better , optical performance just like the first and autofocused better . But it just could not autofocus on distant subjects at wider focal lengths -LRB- wider than 28mm -RRB- . It had occasional trouble on near subjects . It was easy to verify it was the lens and not the camera as I had a Canon 18-55 and a Canon 17-40 to compare to . So this second copy got sent back for a refund.This would be a five star lens if I had gotten one that worked . Great size and weight for what it does . Unfortunately Sigma appears to have some bad quality control problems . If you are going to give this lens a shot there is no better place to get it than here at amazon since the price is great and the exchange policy for defective goods is excellent .
 As a professional wedding photographer I have owned many cameras and lenses . I 've always chosen my equipment carefully , wanting both performance and value . Although I used primarily Nikon products , I have purchased several Sigma lenses over the years , mainly because they cost much less than Nikkor lenses . Unfortunately you get what you pay for . This year I 've had two Sigma lenses fail . Both were less than three years old . The first had an autofocus problem . The second , an 18-50mm f2 .8 EX , had an aperture failure . Since the warranties have expired I am now expected to shell out $ 180 to have each lens repaired.I think a product which has been well maintained should last longer than three years .
 This printer jams all the time . Tech support advised using24 lb paper , and this worked!So
 I bought this printer in 2004 . It failed two days after the warrantee expired , with far less than the traffic it was rated for . I had put less than 5000 sheets through it . I paid to replace the laser cartridge but the problem repaeated itself immediately . I took it back to the shop.Brother replaced two circuit boards at their expense , BECAUSE IT WAS A PROBLEM WITH THE PRINTER THAT THEY ALREADY KNEW ABOUT.After less than five reams of paper , the machine failed again , with exactly the same problem , a failure of interaction between the two circuit boards . However , as it was outside of the normal warrantee period -LRB- 90 days from replacement -RRB- Brother refused to honor the warrantee . I had put only about four reams of paper through the machine in the intervening period.Brother has no customer service telephone line on their website . They will send you one via email . However , it took five DAYS for an email to be returned to me.They do not honor the warrantee , despite the fact that the machine , in the period of use , went through far less work than is normally rated for a single month.So I paid three-quarters of the price for an unnecessary repair , and then Brother sent faulty parts to replace the ones needed for the actual repair , KNOWING THAT THE PARTS WERE FAULTY , and then refused to honor the warrantee.GO TO ANOTHER COMPANY FOR YOUR LASER PRINTER
 This review may help someone like me who is not knowledgeable about GPS and is looking for basic functionality . I was looking for a unit that is portable -LRB- so I could also use it for walking or switch cars -RRB- and has a widescreen display , so I settled on comparing aGarmin Nuvi 650 Personal Travel Assistant for North Americaand aPlenio VXA-5000 4.3-Inch Touch Screen Car Navigation System with Bluetooth .1 . Audio - The Plenio does not have text to speech functionality , meaning the Plenio will announce `` Turn left in 500 feet , '' while the Nuvi 650 will announce `` Turn left on Main Street in 500 feet . '' I found the Plenio confusing if there were two possible left turns close to each other , and the display did n't always help . -LRB- See `` Display '' -RRB- .2 . Display - The Plenio display appeared dim and difficult to read on bright days , even at the brightest setting . The Nuvi had a brighter , easy to read display even when driving toward sunlight . When a turn is announced , the text of the street name on the Plenio is small and difficult to read ; on the Nuvi the street name is announced and the visible text is larger , bolder and easy to read . This also makes it easier to keep track of cross streets when operating in `` tracking mode '' rather than inputting a destination .3 . Portability - The Garmin is thinner and lighter . The Plenio 's suction mount is more substantial , but it has to be to hold up the device .4 . Controls - The Plenio has volume up and down controls , on the Garmin these are only accessible with some difficulty through the touch screen .5 . Accessories - The Plenio includes an FM transmitter , -LRB- sound can play through your FM radio -RRB- and Bluetooth ; to get this functionality with the Garmin , a trade up to the Garmin Nuvi 660 Pocket Vehicle GPS Navigator and Personal Travel Assistant is necessary . The Plenio includes an AC charger , a useful tool in a portable GPS . If you have a mini USB AC charger , you can use it with the Garmin .6 . Waypoints - The Garmin allows only one waypoint -LRB- stopover on the trip -RRB- ; multiple waypoints are available on the Plenio .7 . **** Satellite reception - The Plenio has an internal antenna while the Garmin has a foldaway flip up antenna flap . The Plenio was totally incapable of getting a satellite fix , and therefore useless , while in my wife 's car -LRB- she has a metallic layer in the windshield as some cars do -RRB- ; the Garmin had no such problem . The Garmin also could fix while indoors . The Garmin allows the user to turn on `` WAAS '' which is a combined satellite and ground GPS mode that is more accurate than satellite alone ; I have n't seen that WAAS makes a difference to a basic user like me . The Garmin seems to get a fix from a cold start about 25 % faster than the Plenio .8 . Points of interest and maps - The Garmin maps -LRB- v. 8 -RRB- seemed `` less out of date '' than the Plenio . -LRB- maybe 2 years out of date versus 3-4 years -RRB- . The Garmin has a more substantial list of points of interest -LRB- POI 's -RRB- . The Plenio allows you to program the unit to show your choice of POI 's -LRB- such as all gas stations and/or restaurants -RRB- as icons on the map , and bring up more information -LRB- name , phone number -RRB- by touching the icon ; the Garmin will provide this information from a separate search menu.To summarize , the Plenio had more bells and whistles which I willingly traded in for the much improved basic functionality of the Garmin .
 If you want a GPS do not buy it . It takes a long time from the cold start to get signal . Several times it took about 30 minutes . The GPS is not precise , when I drove on the highway it was jumping around other streets . Two times it was off over a mile . You can not see anything on the screen in a sun . I held two GPSs in the sun and I could see the Magellan 's screen well , while I could not see anything on Plenio . I will return it for sure .
 I just received the delkin DDREADER-14 USB for smartmedia cards . It does not work with my dell 3800 running on win 2000 . As you install the drivers , you 'll get a blue screen crash and a memory dump . The customer service said that they have this problem and are currently trying to fix it . They may fix it in the future but for now i will have to return it .
 This may have just been a defective reader that I received , but my card reader would n't work on any cards after using a 64 MB card successfully , taking it out , and then putting it back in . It was really weird . I made sure I had the latest drivers and tried it on two machines running Windows 98 Second Edition .
 I gave this reader to my son as a Christmas gift and he tried it out on his father-in-law 's system -LRB- which he built -RRB- and the system can not locate it . When he arrives back at his home , he will contact the mfg for software updates and install it on his system . If he gets it working , I will update this review with information on the fix . If it does not work , it is defective and we will return it for a replacement .
 Watch out . The video included by Hogan if different , you can see the leg tips are different . Maybe there is a confussion and that 's why there are some positive reviews.I thought Sunpak only made good stuff.I planned to use it with a Canon G10 , as a complement to my old Gorrilla-pod . I bought it at a store , I trusted the brand , and I did n't openned the package then , what a mistake.Pro : I love the carrying bag.The ball joint mechanism , not great but works fine.Cons : - Too light legs.-The problems star when opening the legs . The legs opening angle is too narrow . So you can not tilt the camera much at least for my G10 . So it is useful only in a very stable horizontal table.-Unstable . Shakes easily if the legs are not tight secured . Not useful , you really need the timer to take a photo . And always check if the photo was OK.-Sharp dangerous edges at the extensions , it is easy to cut your fingers when closing it.You can use it . But you have to be very careful to avoid shaking the camera , and to close it without cutting your fingers . A mini tripod is supposed to be easy to handle and the stability should be there ready to use.I 'd say that it can be more stable with smaller power shot cameras , but come on ! , there are thousands of better mini-tripods to do that . With most of them you can get a better stable grip even with legs not tighten secured.I 've used lots of mini tripods , I own another model of mini tripod from Sunpak which I love . I do a lot of mini-tripod photos . No matter what the others said , it is not a good product . I 'm really amazed how other reviews have a positive opinion on this product . I 'm not in the US now and I 'm not able to return it.Just do n't buy it .
 Was stable with my Canon T1i/standard lens while fully collapsed . But as soon as I raised it slightly it became wobbly ! Going back to my gorrilla pod . It 's heavier but far more stable . The Sunpak would n't work at all with any long lens . It 's a good idea and I think it would work well with a point and shoot but not a DSLR . My 1 star rating is for the Sunpak use with a DSLR . For a point and shoot I 'd give it a 5 star
 It could be good for compact cameras , BUT NOT FOR DSLR !!! The mini ball head is too little . I do n't feel secure putting my Canon XSI on it , even too small for my Canon S5 IS . I ended up giving it away .
 Tons of space at a good price . But , it is painful to use . It takes 20 % longer to copy 1GB of data to my hard drive then my 1GB lexar media drive . Using this drive to support my quicken files is painful . Everything with this drive takes too much time .
 Bought this for $ 35 at Fry 's . Kept it on my keychain in my pocket . Within two weeks half the finish had rubbed off the casing and then the ring on the end snapped off . What a waste . Trying a Cruzer titanium next .
 There is not much to a jump drive , but everything about his one is wrong . It is slippery so easy to drop . The cap is transparent , so it is very easy to lose . It sometimes -LRB- randomly -RRB- is n't recognized by my PC . It is slow.I have many other jump drives , and this is the worst by far . What more can I say - look elsewhere and skip this one !
 The Memorex Traveldrive is a failure . Google it and see all the people complaining about how it goes into `` write-protect '' mode and you can never un-write-protect it.Memorex should have quit back when they made cassette tapes only.What a waste of money . Their warranty group is unresponsive also .
 I do n't how well USB drives should work , but I 've had mine for weeks and have yet to back up any files on them because they keep giving me `` error '' messages and failing to copy my image files . I can only transfer one image at a time and the drives are slow . These looked like the best bet for using with my Mac computer , but burning CDs is easier and faster !
 I bought a second Traveldrive because the first one purchased worked just fine . The second drive does not work on my system -LRB- Windows Millenium -RRB- . Calling the service line I found out that there are two versions and the second is not compatible with the first . After trying all the recommended solutions , the tech support suggested I request a warranty replacement/trade for the original version or simply get my money back . Requests for a resolution of the matter have fallen on deaf ears . I would not waste any more money on products from this company .
 I recently bought this drive because for the price , nothing else came close to storage capacity . I was upset when I got home and realized I could not easily remove the preinstalled partition with all the junk software on it . The device has what I call a `` mini-OS '' that you have to wait to load up each time you plug it in . It 's neat at first but gets old quick when all you want to do is transfer some files . And most importantly , the speed of file transfer is lowsy imo , it seemed more like I was connected via usb 1.1 , not 2.0 . If you only care about storage vs cost , then it 's a no brainer , get this drive . If you do n't mind paying more for a better quality drive , then continue your search .
 This device is good except that it is very slow ... the data transfer rate is really poor , 2 GB are transfered in about 30 minutes what is really bad .
 This drive is fine in terms of form-factor , etc. , but I was appalled to see that it took more than 3 minutes to copy a 1.7 MB folder to it from my desktop on a dual 2.0 G5 using USB 2.0 . That 's unacceptable.As another reviewer said , if speed is n't an issue for you , the price is definitely right .
 I bought this mouse because I work with a laptop at work and wanted to get an external mouse . The mouse requires 4 AAA rechargeable batteries but only came with 2 . I bought a pack of rechargeable batteries , put 2 in the base and 2 in the mouse as instructed . Everyday when I booted up my computer I had to press the connect buttons on the bottom of the base and mouse to sync them up . What a pain ! I wrote to Adesso 's customer service and the response I got was so lame the person obviously did n't even read what I had painstakingly taken the time to write . I threw the mouse in a desk drawer and bought a new one . I just came across the mouse and decided I 'd try it on my home computer -- thinking it might have had something to do with my laptop . Same problem ! This Adesso mouse is now going to add to a local landfill !
 This camera has three issues . The camera has to open and close the lens before it can open . This will jam after a multiple uses and the will not open . Then the camera will not work . Also the battery holding area has a clip that is sharp and it cuts the battery that is placed in the camera . Then when the acid leaks out , it leaves the containment area and stays on the outside . You will need to replace the batteries often . I have talked with HP they know of these issues , and have stopped making this item . I would not buy this item .
 I bought the sandisk floppy disk adaptor for my smartmedia and was pleasantly surprised to find out that it can transfer large-ish files between computers . Then I found out it uses expensive batteries ... and eats them up quickly - and , much worse , it only works on smartmedia cards up to 32 megs . Very disappointed .
 I have owned one of these things since 2004 . It works fine if you use `` terapin brand '' CD-R 's . I have not found an alternate brand that the machine will recognize , so I use the one terapin brand CD-RW that came with the machine . If I lose that CD-RW the machine is useless . I would not recommend its purchase .
 I ordered one of these units on impulse a couple of years ago but did n't set it up immediately -LRB- flooded basement , broken sewer line , new baby -- you know how it is ! -RRB- . Bad luck there . Once I did get it up and running , I quickly discovered that it was useless for the task that I 'd bought it
 Bought a cell phone battery that , of course , died one week past their return/refund deadline . Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective . This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again . Consider yourself warned .
 Bought this unit at the end of nov. scroll wheel broke middle of jan.it just flops around , unit was never dropped . cheaply made wheel support . sent back for warranty exchange . still no replacement . called rio , was told its on backorder and they will ship me one when it comes in , who knows how long that might be , im not happy . dont buy rio . go with an ipod or another brand.customer service is no help at all .
 Biggest $ 200 + money-wasting mistake I ever made.I have a Rio Cali that works great . I thought the Karma would too . It had nice features . I bought it to use for break music for band gigs.First time using it , it froze up , and never recovered . It is discontinued , there is no support for it , but I knew this when making the purchase.Just trying to make sure nobody else wastes their money .
 If there were zero stars ... I would rate this pile of garbage with a 0 . On the surface it appears to have many positive attributes . In fact , I bought this form my son thinking he would enjoy it and I would save a bit of money as compared to purchasing an iPod . The player broke just outside of the warranty period . I contacted the company and after 4 months of chasing them , they actually replaced the player . Initially I was very impressed . Then the player brake again . Like I said ... Junk . I bought an iPod for my son . It has not broken down . He is happy and I am wiser .
 My Rio Karma worked fine for a couple of months . Then , without any apparent reason , it stopped working . It would freeze and prompt a message `` Bar Karma '' or bad hard drive . This was after the very short 3 months warranty . I called customer service several times and they were not helpful at all . I am not buying another product from Rio ever again .
 I purchased the Rio Karma because of the price and for a 20 gig MP3 it was a great deal , but that 's where the great deal ended . The player itself is great ! It is very user friendly , but it has one extremely bad design flaw , the power button location . It is located on the top of the player next to the headphone jack and it is so dam touchy . The player I purchased powered on and off by itself and when you hold the player in your left hand your thumb is right on top its extremely sensitive power button so you tend to turn it off very easily . I got so frustrated with the dam thing that I sent it back . The bottom line is this , if you want an inexpensive 20 gig MP3 player , this is your baby , just remember , you get what you paid for ! No wonder Apple is putting these people out of business .
 I just returned the remanufactured version of Rio 's Karma . When I purcahsed it , I understood that the term `` remanufactured '' means that the product wo n't be in the best of shape . However , when I opened the `` well packaged box , '' I found something that I would n't have even payed ten dollars on EBay for.The player was in such poor shape that the LCD was barely visible because of all the scratches . Furthermore , I found the last owner 's name still written on the battery cover!The term `` remanufactured '' is such an understatement !!! The product was simply purchased from someone who had abused it and placed in a box and sold to someone else . I would think something that was remanufactured would at least have new plastic coverings to make it look presentable.In short , please do n't waste your time with this product , you 'll simply end up returning it as soon as you open the box !
 I 've read about these players ... and how good they are . I 've also read about how bad the hard drives in them are . I recently decided to buy a remanufactured unit from Amazon , hoping for a good unit for half the price . It had a defective hard drive when I got it . It 's also very worn out . I think , according to the serial code , it 's just about 2 years old.I thought about trying to return it , but I also read about how extremely bad RMA service Rio USA had when they were still in business . Now they 've gone out of business , so I wo n't even try taking my chances with them . But all hope is not out , because you can swap out the hard drives yourself , and even put bigger ones -LRB- up to 60GB -RRB- in there instead . It 's just too bad that the new 30 and 60GB drives are pretty hard to find.So I really do n't reccommend this remanufactured deal , unless you 're willing to take the chance of having to disassemble the unit and putting a new drive into it .
 It pains me to write this review as I was one of the biggest RIO Karma fans . I purchased my 1st RIO about 18 months ago and loved it . Featurewise it is the best player out there and I have yet to find a player that is as easy to use or hook up to your stereo via the convienent docking station . However , like any product , quality -LRB- or lack of it -RRB- will define if a product is 1 or 5 stars . I read the warnings about hard drive failures and cheap design , but I bought my RIO anyways . It functioned flawlessly and exceeded my expectations for a player until it died last week . I looked and looked , but I could not find another player that I thought could compare to the RIO , so I purchased the remanufactured one . I expected a player with some scuffs , but functional and I did receive a player that was somewhat warn -LRB- exceptable -RRB- , but my screen would only display lines -LRB- like a UPC code -RRB- after less than a few hours use . Now I could play the return game and hope that the next one or one after that would be a `` good '' unit , but history -LRB- mine and others -RRB- is starting to show that the quality just is n't there . This may be why they discontinued making 20G hard drives and why RIO 's parent company has recently sold them . I work in manufacturing and have delt with referbs and when you realize that referbs can be a good thing -LRB- during its life cycle -RRB- where products are still built with pride and returns can be made to almost new status . However , when referbs are done after the product has been killed off and all that is left are the bottom of the barrel rejects/parts it should come as no suprise that you will receive a unit that is worn and the life is suspect . At this point I 'm not sure what else I would recommend -LRB- again RIO had all the features I wanted , except long life -RRB- to buy , but I would stay clear of this refurb item .
 I can not get this card to work with my G4 tower running 10.2.8
 I figured I 'd save money and purchase this battery instead of one of Canon 's for my S45 camera . My battery never charged . Just blinks red and green . Manufacturere was n't any help when I finally reached them . Not worth it at all .
 I bought 2 of these for a Canon S40 camera . As reported by another reviewer the charger blinks red and green and the batteries just wo n't charge . I returned both . I then bought some even cheaper batteries from Amazon marketplace which work just fine .
 Very cumbersome software programs and not user friendly.Hate this thing !!!!
 My husband and I bought this computer yesterday . We hooked up everything , turned it on , and it came on with a grind . The grinding stopped somewhat after the computer booted up , but there is still a very loud buzzing sound . I always hear some fan sound when a computer is on . I have never , however , heard anything like this . There is either something wrong with the fans or this is the noisiest computer on earth . We will have time to return it to BestBuy , where we bought it tomorrow . And we certainly will .
 I purchased this product for the first t-shirt transfer project that I did . I found the sheets very difficult to work with . Becuase you have to peel off the paper while the sheet is still hot , -LRB- 1 -RRB- it burns your fingers while you work and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the transfer pulls and tears very easily . I would recommend the HP t-shirt transfer sheets whole heartedly . You let them cool and the paper pulls away from the transfer easily .
 I 've had an Eton E10 for 2 and 1/2 years , and initially would have given rave reviews about it when new . After VERY limited use , the flip stand on the back of the unit broke , and although it 's a small thing , for this kind of radio , at this kind of price , that should n't happen . I 've soured a bit on the E10 after finding similar , if not superior performance from a couple of Radio Shack DX - 350 's I purchased used for not even half the price of the E10.Don ' t be fooled by the E10 's nice sound , and good looks . Use it for awhile and then you decide whether it 's enough shortwave radio for the price tag .
 I was disappointed with my purchase because the battery charger did not work . I am a new customer and was very hesitant to purchase anything through amazon and this did not help .
 I actually got this for a friend of mine who lost her camera battery charger , but it was too big for her battery . However , my other friend took it to see if it would work for hers , and I have not received it back yet so maybe it does work . * shrugs * Oh well .
 I ordered a Nikon MH-61 battery charger from `` Savings 365 '' via Amazon Marketplace . I believe it is a counterfeit item . I previously bought one of these chargers through a Nikon dealer and needed a second.Here 's how they differ : Savings 365
 I was surprised to open the box to this charge and find that it came with a very , very heavy cord . Am traveling to Africa on Safari and weight is a big restriction . Seems like Nikon could save money by just making this charger with the collapsible plug on back . Would have been nice if pictures of item had shown the cord , also .
 This is not a genuine Nikon product . Nikon has confirmed to me that its serial number indicates it is a gray market product.There are two tip-offs that it is fake . One , the charging lamp stays a continuous yellow instead of blinking , as described in the manual . Two , the cord is about two feet long . The genuine product has a 70.9 inch cord .
 I purchased a new Nikon MH-61 battery charger from Savings 365 through Amazon.com . The item came in a plain manila envelope without Nikon packaging , user instructions or warranty card . I confirmed with Nikon technicians that the unit was not working properly . The merchant reluctantly agreed to replace -LRB- or $ $ refund -RRB- my unit and pay the shipping costs for returning the defective unit and included very specific instructions on the manner in which I should return the unit to be reimbursed . In the end , despite my repeated requests that they REPLACE the unit AND SEND ME PROPER INSTRUCTIONS AND WARRANTY CARD , they sent a credit to Amazon.com for the original order but did not include the shipping costs for the return of the defective product as they had agreed.Through it all , Amazon.com was very cooperative and credited my account for the additional costs I incurred and Savings 365 would not reimburse . I am very happy with Amazon.com but suspicious of Savings 365 . They did not ship me a unit with the Nikon packaging , user instructions or warranty card , as expected raising serious doubts that the unit was new . They did not honor their agreements to replace my unit and reimburse me for the return shipping costs for the defective unit.Update
 I do n't understand how it does n't show in any of the pictures that it comes with a bulky power cable . So I send it back and got this one PRO SERIES AC & DC Nikon MH-61 from Amazon : -RRB-
 This is NOT a Nikon product ! Compared the MH-61 from Savings 360 with a charger previously purchased . Savings 360 product had a shorter cord , bent wires rather than solid tabs for battery contacts , and the functions of the led indicator were different . Confirmation from Nikon customer service confirmed suspicion Savings 360 is probably selling a counterfeit MH-61 . Was concerned about using because the same Underwriter Lab code is used on both . This indicates the Savings 360 product was probably never tested by UL and could be a fire hazard . Also with Savings 360 charger `` led off '' can mean no power or fully charged battery . You can not tell which it is . With Nikon product `` led off '' indicates power not getting to charger , blinking led = charging battery , solid led with battery in = fully charged battery , solid led with battery out = power going to charger , and flickering led = battery over heating UNPLUG charger . Returned charger to Savings 360 for refund . Service ok - Product could be DANGEROUS .
 I should have read all the reviews before ordering . Like others , i do not feel this is a real nikon charger . Mine too arrived in a plain yellow envelope , with no paperwork or box . Also comparing it to a genuine nikon charger I received , it did not compare . It did not function like the other , looked cheaper , weighted less , and the cord was only about a foot long when the genuine one is the correct 6 foot long cord as described on the nikon site . It is hard to find this charger , but look around and find before ordering from here . Hope my refund comes soon .
 I purchased the MH-61 charger because the description says `` Nikon '' MH-61 Battery Charger . The Nikon Company couldmake a charger like Canon , that has swing out prongs on the back to plug into an electric outlet instead of anotherelectrical cord to carry around . Also Amazon leaves out mentioning the cord and just says it plugs into a wall outlet.Now , regarding the charger . I am not convinced it is a genuine Nikon product . The cheap piece of junk I received ismade in China and was broken when I received it . The plastic on one side on the bottom was missing -LRB- broken off -RRB- so when plugging the cord in , the whole piece with the prongs pushed inside the outside shell . I fixed it with KrazyGlue instead of going to the trouble of returning it . It seems to charge the battery OK , but I do n't completely trust itnot to short out and cause a problem so I leave it on a granite counter when in use for now.All the Items I have purchased from Nikon have been in a box or container with Nikon printed on the outside and themodel number and description of the item . This one arrived loose in a box wrapped in bubble wrap without anythingindicating it was a Nikon product and without any of the normal Nikon literature with the usual multi language infoand safety information indicating that the charger should not be used while scuba diving or in a thunderstorm , forcomplete morons.Amazon should indicate if a product is imported or is a grey market item . Just because is says Nikon on the product , does not mean Nikon will guarantee it , especially if it is a copy or made for sale outside the United States .
 I purchased the Nikon MH-61 camera battery charger because Nikon did not include one when I purchased thw Nikon P-500 . You have to plug in the camera to charge the battery . Bad idea.I always carry a spare battery so a good charger means a lot to me.A rapid charge charger that plugs directly into the wall outlet would have been the answer but Nikon for some strange reason wants you to have to carry around a charging cord ?? With the battery model I will be able to find a small , portable wall charger so I can keep my spare battery on charge while using the one in the camera . A send the coard to Nikon . Maybe they will fet the message.BillNC
 The packaging was satisfactory and product looked like a good quality cable , however when connected to a 26 '' 720p display , the image had significant artifacts . I tested the cable both with and without a powered HDMI amplifier . The audio was okay , although i did n't try recreating surround sound . On a side note , I tried the cable on a different brand TV and did NOT experience the same image problem . It seems some TV 's may be more sensitive to the inexpensive cable .
 right out of the box I plugged this in and it did not work . Tried several different machines to connect and still nothing .
 Bought this for my projector just the other day . Today it already wont keep a signal unless I posistion the end of the cord in a certain way , and that wont hold for long either . Very disappointed with product . Just bought the MediaBridge Ultra Series brand hoping for better results .
 Cable does not transmit usable video or audio . Cable arrived visually undamaged but video is scrambled and no audio . Too long a cable ??
 I purchased this cable only to find out 4 days later it was defective . The cable failed to carry audio .
 The connector covering came off on the first day of use and I could never use it . I will hesitate to buy stuff like this online as it is not worth going through the hassle of returning it for the price .
 I bought this cable to play video games using my iPad 2 mirroring it to my big screen tv . I hooked it up today to try it and found that the picture quality was perfect but , I also have a glitch in that about every minute the screen blacks out for about a second and then comes back to clear view . I have ordered a multi cable switch box with an amp in it and I will see how the cable does with the box hooked to it . The cable seems very well constructed and most likely the amp will correct the problem , -LRB- I hope -RRB- but being a 50 ' foot run I was concerned that it could be a problem but there are so many other 5 star ratings for it I felt it was going to work well . I saw one review that did say a booster box might be needed and he is right , and I would suspect that this will be true whether you pay $ 17 or $ 70 for a cable at such a long run . I would keep this in mind when placing your order and consider buying a booster at the same time as you order the cable . I found the one I have ordered on Amazon for less than $ 20 and I will update when I try the HDMI cable with the power booste unit .
 Well , I bought this cable and ran it through a wall . after hooking it up to my AV Receiver , the cable bent slightly and the whole connector broke apart into a unrepairable mess . The connector is quite cheap and will break apart .
 I purchased 2 of these cables . One worked with 1920x1080 resolution and the other did not . Its a risk buying this if you need 1080 . Good Luck .
 Bought to connect my PC to my tv in another room . Very poor signal , have to reduce my refresh rate to 59 and disable hdmi audio in 1080p to keep it from flickering every few seconds and even then black areas get this flickering green static sometimes . It 's tolerable for the price but I 'm definitely looking for a different one to do the job so I would not recommend it .
 Bought one of these about a year ago , it worked fine and then one day I got a lot of line noise in the picture , running at 1080p . Eventually 1080p stopped working and it only worked in 720p so I bought another this week . The one that came in the mail does n't work @ 1080p at all ... the 25ft cables I have work fine . Returning for a refund . Stinks to waste 30 + dollars in 1 year , if this worked and lasted it 'd be perfect .
 Battery does not work - worst Nikon battery I 've ever had if it is a &#34; genuine &#34; Nikon . Put in camera - showed it was dead . I charged it fully . When I turned camera on I took 2 pictures - viewed them & it was dead again . Tried to charge again & it simply will not work .
 The ad picture , as well as the original battery that came with my Nikon camera , has `` Nikon '' stamped on it . The battery that I recieved did not . It 's not a `` genuine '' Nikon battery as advertised . This battery lasts about half as long as the original Nikon battery than came with my camera . It is better than the $ 7 one I got before it , which completely died in no time . I would have paid the money -LRB- about $ 45 -RRB- for an original . But , it 'll surfice for a backup .
 I bought this item specifically because it is a Nikon EN-EL5 . I have one that came with my Coolpix and it is still in good shape but I needed one extra for my trips . Unfortunately , I recharged it , did n't take much time and the recharger - that came with my Coolpix - showed that the battery was fully charged . When I put it in the camera and tried to zoom in , next thing the screen shows that ` Battery exhausted &#34; . I plug it again in the charger , did n't take much - 10 min maximum - showed that battery was charged . I put it back in the camera , same thing happens again ! I thought , this is an advertised original brand from a trusted company ; I got a piece of junk not even worth getting it for free !
 The pics show this to be an ORIGINAL Nikon stamped EN-EL5 battery . What was received was a generic battery which I could have paid less for with other options on Amazon .
 This battery -LRB- EN-EL5 -RRB- is a fake one . It came without the tridimensional signal and works for 10 clicks or 20 minutes in standby -LRB- the original works for almost 300 clicks -RRB- . FAKE , FAKE , FAKE !!! IT 'S A SHAME !!
 I went to replace this battery in my CoolPix P5100 and could not get the battery out of the camera normally . I finally had to force the battery out . It was just in time also , because the battery had swollen in the middle on front and back . It is a genuine Nikon EN-EL5 battery and the camera has never been in extreme heat.This is to warn people to check this battery more often than you would another battery.I am trying to find the Warranty Period if anyone knows .
 They say that this is a `` Nikon Battery ' but when it cam is was some knock off replacement type battery
 I was initially disappointed when the Nikon EN-EL5 Rechargeable Li-ion Batteries I ordered did n't charge fully the first time . I did some research , and found out that when first charging , the batteries can overheat -LRB- meaning they have to be plugged in again and again -RRB- , and this problem should not reoccur once they 've gone through a charge/discharge cycle . We 'll see .
 I got this as a Christmas gift.The base would not hold a charge , I plugged it into via my iPod firewire cable and tried it with iPod attached , and iPod not attached . iPod charged through the base , but the base itself would n't even light up when disconnected after 20 minutes of charging.With the base plugged in , it would then work . After charging the headset for about 20 minutes , it would only work exactly 17 feet in a straight line , then it would cut out if I went any further , or turned a corner.I then tried syncing it to my phone . I finally got the headset to sync and tried to play music on plugged in iPod base , and it would n't play . I followed instructions to press button on base , and then iPod played , but sync to phone was broken and calls would not ring headset or use it at all , even pressing headset answer / end button.I 'm gon na wear these things with nothing playing to take phone calls ? Sorry , got my much lighter , smaller Jabra bluetooth for that . NOTE
 I have no issue with Amazon - great service and prices . I have an issue with Ricoh . This product DOES NOT last the life cycle that Ricoh claims -LRB- not even close -RRB- , which is why I gave it one star .
 The refill kit was a waste of time and money , not to mention a big mess . It took days for the ink to fade from my fingers . The refilled cartridge did not have any yellow output whatsoever , so it did n't print colors appropriately . Wo n't try that again !
 My old battery is broken and I need a new one.can you send me a picture of yours ?
 I returned this printer . It was light weight and the plastic was cheap . Plus it was an ugly blue that did n't match anything .
 Do n't buy this if you have a Macintosh and want to do any scanning . The HP TWAIN driver does not work.It is possible to scan using the hp software for scanning , but it is unbelievably clunky . -LRB- The same is actually pretty much true in windows . -RRB- It is usable for scanning in Linux - the software available is much better .
 I followed HP 's guidelines to correct this error , downloading the update , and cleaning -LRB- PPPlease ! Do n't blame a faulty product on us -RRB- and I still get this message . This printer is useless now . I agree with the other reviewers that this takes alot of ink and it wo n't even take my regular size photo paper . So it 's not a good investment but is great if you 're looking for a headache .
 I rarely write negative reviews , but my daily pain with this printer has motivated to vent here.I am on my second printer . The first was brand new and would only print yellow when printing in color . I used HP 's online chat support to see if we could resolve the problem . After @ 2 hours of cleaning the head over and over they told me to send the unit in - at my expense -LRB- remember , it was bread new -RRB- . Luckily the store exchanged the unti for a new one . I believe this one functions properly , but properly is n't necessarilty good . It CONSTANTLY says it is out of paper - there can be 100 sheets in the feed and you will still get this message -LRB- the first one has the same problem -RRB- . Now this may not seem like a big deal , but when it occurs every time you print , it gets a little old . In addition it makes some very loud noises - particularly when it can not find paper -LRB- which is constantly . -RRB- The overall print quailty is good for both documents and pictures -LRB- but it 's not camera store quality for sure . But if you are going to stick the picture in a frame , then you will likely be content with the results.One last thing - the HP software is a piggy - it takes up around a gig of space and starts up with the computer , which drains resources . The bummer is that you can not do much without it , but the software works decent . I recommend removing it from your system startup and using it only when you need the additional functionality of the printer .
 I brought this printer about a year and half ago for a great price online . I had no problems with it until I replaced the black ink on it two days ago . It happily printed two or three items and then I started getting an `` Error
 My husband and I are 72 and 63 , respectively , have no children , and did not abuse this machine in any way . It is the third HP PSC 2355 that we have owned - all identical , so we are well familiar with how to set up and operate one . We received this all-in-one , which worked for exactly 92 copies , then stopped.We contacted Printer Depot through Amazon . Printer Depot , of course , insists the product had been tested and had shipped in perfect condition . They did NOT offer to refund or replace , rather to contact the shipper to see if they would cover the cost . Since we had not filed a claim with the shipper , we highly doubt that there will be any reimbursement from them . We did note that the only `` packing '' in the box consisted of a long piece of bubble wrap , wrapped lengthwise around the printer , but no other buffering material . It was not well packed for shipping.In spite of an email that Printer Depot had sent us , promising a full refund , even after the 14-day period , if there was anything wrong with this product , it appears that they are weaseling out of any commitment or responsibility . We were not home when this printer was delivered , had out-of-town guests and did not immediately install it . When we did , it worked for only the 92 copies . We have reinstalled the software numerous times , have tried 3 brand new cartridges , but continue to get a message to `` remove and check color cartridge . '' It is unusable , and we have reinstalled our old printer . The `` new '' printer is sitting on the floor in the guest room , awaiting resolution of this problem.Amazon needs to stand behind their A-Z policy , as well as have Print Depot honor theirs . Apparently , our only recourse is going to be to dispute the claim with our credit card company - and advise people to stay far away from Printer Depot.We have heard nothing further from Printer Depot , nor have we heard back from Amazon . We are not terribly impressed with the customer service.Sandra F. Rheem
 But printing would require this printer to feed the paper through properly . Do n't count on this printer working a good half of the time .
 I have to agree with the negative reviews . The `` wrong cartridge printer error '' is real and frustrating . I must have logged in , including today at least 5 hours or more of tech support online chat . They are kind , helpful , but ca n't or wo n't tell you to just get your money back or another model . They have sent me a second printer today and it has the same error regarding the cartridges . Whether the source of the issue is bad cartridges or bad printer , I ca n't ascertain . The printer just all of a sudden rejects the cartridge and wo n't clear the error . I have been without a printer over a week behind this . At the cost of purchasing a $ 35 cartridge , how many times are you willing to replace all the cartridges and take the chance that it wo n't work ? I want another model and returning the one they sent , and will deal with getting another model with Best Buy . If you are lucky to get one that works , it is a fine printer . And , this is not the first error . Last month the scanner was down two weeks because of an error and finally resolved with online chat support , I do n't have this kind of time , maybe you do . They owe me at this point .
 I purchased this printer to replace 3 year old scanner that no longer had updated drivers for Windows XP . Decided to go with the all-in-one to save desk space as well as for the improved specs on the scanner that is part of the printer.However , I scanned about 100 family pictures and any pics with dark areas had visible rows that look like printhead lines going through the dark areas . I spent a lot of time and made numerous calls to HP 's tech support with no avail . They finally agreed to send a replacement unit.The replacement unit came in and had the exact same issue . I called customer service again and literally had to argue for an hour to get someone to agree that sending another of the same model to me would probably not be satisfactory . Clearly experiencing the same problem on two machines is probably more of an issue with the hardware design and not a unique unit.So buyers , please be aware of the issue if you intend to do any scanning with the PSC 2355 .
 I got this printer for my family this past Christmas . I have found I have to go into the HP toolbox and clean the cartridge and prime it at least twice before it will print in color adequately . Then when I go to see how much ink is left ... it 's running out fast and I have printed very few documents w / color ... the priming really diminishes the ink but it 's the only way I 've found to get it to print in color . I 'm really disappointed . Those color cartridges are NOT CHEAP !! I thought maybe I had a bad cartridge and was going to buy another but decided to check the reviews and see if others had the same problems first ... lo and behold ... I 'm not the only one .
 I read all the reviews of this all-in-one carefully , and even asked my tech support people at work to check that it would be compatible with my specific laptop . Then I bought it and was pretty excited - not for long . There were errors when installing the software -LRB- and trust me , I 'm no dummy about this -RRB- . Two chat sessions and several hours on the phone with HP did n't solve the problem . It took 4 -LRB- FOUR !!! -RRB- more calls before they agreed to send me another installation CD-Rom -LRB- for which HP was going to charge me ... -RRB- and guess what , it 's still not working . So now I have to return it , which means a -RRB- more of my own money spent , b -RRB- all the time I put into making it work is wasted , and c -RRB- I still do n't have a printer ! It sure looks gorgeous , and setup would have been a breeze if it was n't for the CD-Rom errors . Now I 'm majorly annoyed .
 If you run out of color or black , the printer/scanner will not work until the respective cartridge is replaced . This means that if you want to use merely as a scanner , you ca n't until both cartridges are new and working.I didnt print on this thing for about a year , and now that i 've replaced the print cartidges i 'm getting an error that the color cartridge needs replaced , even though I replaced it with a brand new one . So now this unit is useless and garbage .
 I have had this all-in-one a short time and have had lots of problems getting it to print in color . At first , I thought I might have installed the printer software incorrectly , but I downloaded the updated driver from HP 's web site and it still is not right . I was only able to successfully print out a doc with full color once . Usually , it print no color or partial color no matter what setting I use .
 Absolutely nothing but problems for a mac user . Many bugs not worked out . Changing photo and regular print cartridges leads to 1 -RRB- blank printouts 2 -RRB- printouts where light blue and pink appear everywhere . Tech support no help . Ready to throw it away and go back to Epson .
 Do n't buy this printer . It 's a POS if you know what I mean . If it 's not the stupid cartridge error , it 's a paper jam . I have never had so many issues with `` paper jams '' before . The printer will be doing just fine and then suck through 5 pieces of paper and get jammed . Sometimes it will be printing on a page and decide to take the next page with it , halfway through the print job , and it just screws everything up . So much wasted paper with this dang thing .
 At intervals HP 1610 stops printing & error message `` out of paper '' appears , but paper is adequate . Efforts to begin printing again always results in a paper jam.HP customer service sent me a new 1610 which repeated the problem exactly .1610 will not feed paper when connected to Mac Mini OSX 10.3.9 .
 this printer was offering a great deal so we went for it , but when we got it home , a strong toxic odor was emitted from inside the paper tray print area on the right side , under the electronics . It gave me a headache , so I returned it immediately .
 In general it is good equipment BUT !!! When it is sunday 11:45 pm and you want to print out some B/W stuff for tomorrows class and right after you start the color cartridge runs out and the printer becomes useless , you forget all about the `` good equipment '' and want to throw the junk out of the nearest window . Even though my B/W cartridge is almost full , my students tomorrow wo n't have their handouts . HP is stupid for coming out with an interface like this . NEVER AGAIN HP ...
 I have had this printer for about a year and have spent countless hours on the phone and online with HP service without resolution of the problems . The color print usually does n't work and every time it gets `` resolved '' by HP Support , the problem returns after just a few days . We have had several other HP printers that all worked fine - often for many years . This one is headed for the trash .
 This is my 4th HP printer since 1996 and they just keep getting worse . PRINTING
 I just want to provide a warning for users looking for a new printer . I have been an HP user for over 5 years -LRB- 2 PSC devices and a laptop -RRB- . So I can only say use extreme caution when purchasing this product.I purchased the PSC 2355 some time ago -LRB- to replace a PSC 1350 -RRB- . It worked flawlessly for me -LRB- and for many others -RRB- until sometime last year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . You could not have forced a bad comment out of me about it before that time . At some point , HP put out a borked update which has rendered many PSC 2355s useless . Just do a google search for `` PSC 2355 Error '' and see what you come up with . The issue I have experienced now for about a year is that I will receive a BSOD . For a long time , the work-around was just to power the printer off and back on and it would be fine . But it 's progressively gotten worse . Now I can not even use it . To turn it off , I have to unplug it . Once it 's plugged in , it starts to initialize and either freezes at that point , or pops up a BSOD on the LCD viewer . Per posts I have seen , I have tried uninstalling all of the software -LRB- since there 's no specific driver to find -RRB- , rebooting , and re-installing with the cumulative update -LRB- provided in Sept 2009 -RRB- . This does not resolve the issue . If I AM somehow able to get it to completely initialize , it goes to a BSOD midway through a print job.I have recently posted to the HP forum in hopes of getting a resolution , but based on other posts I 've found , HP will likely be unwilling to resolve -LRB- although , they did promptly moderate the line in which I suggested PSC 2355 owners with borked machines get together to file a class action suit -RRB- . They need to provide a firmware fix for this , but with the fact that the PSC 2355 is an older model , they likely will not do so and just force you to purchase a new printer/scanner/copier machine -LRB- and I 'm sure they will gladly recommend one of their newer models -RRB- . The fact of the matter is though , that they should replace the machines that they destroyed with a faulty update , or provide a firmware upgrade which will allow us to use our PSC 2355 . Sadly , I will likely just chuck it in the garbage and likely go with a PSC type printer which I can verify has good support for issues . The bad thing is , I have unused Tri-color and Black cartridges . That will be money wasted since the packages are opened.Thanks HP -LRB- I think I 'll use ` Hope & Pray ; ' as their new moniker -RRB- , for your useless support.For those of you who have PSC 2355s that work ... I highly recommend staying away from updates if your machine runs without any problems . And perhaps brand new machines have good firmware that wont cause a problem . But why risk it ?
 When this printer actually works , the output is beautiful . The problem is , you 'll spend hours trying to get it to clear errors and print , not to mention tons of money on cartridges -LRB- because the only way we 've found to clear one error is to put in new cartridges -RRB- . We 've tried the patches & fixes on HP 's website , to no avail , and when we called tech support , they said they wo n't help us because we 're out of warranty -LRB- printer slightly over 1 year old -RRB- . We 've always bought HP printers , but never again .
 We have had many good HP products and this one was a big disappointment . First of all , neither the copier or the scanner work , because of that you get frequent errors and it makes it difficult to even print things , so this printer has become an expencive book end .
 piece of crap . Jams up photo paper consistently no matter what kind of photo paper I use . If you have lots of money to blow to throw away photo paper , then this is the printer for you .
 I recieved this printer about a year ago in a package deal with buying a new computer . All of the functions the printer was designed to do still work , but the printer has a problem where it ca n't grab the paper out the tray so I get very frequent `` out of paper '' error messages which causes you to have to play around with it to get it to work . After some research and trying other things , it probably needs new pickup rollers . My question is how can the pickup rollers go after only a year of minimal use ?
 This machine is awful , do n't buy it !!! , do n't even take it if you can get it for free . First , it is difficult to scan items-it overwhelms most e-mail systems and is unusable for most e-mail services . At least it was working at the time . Now , the thing tells me `` Incorrect Cartridge , Tri-Color print cartridge now inserted is not intended for use in this printer . '' Real nice , because the inserted tri-color cartridge -LRB- No. 97 -RRB- is listed in the user guide as the correct one for this model . Because the HP PSC 2355 is so bad , I will never buy anything made by Hewlett Packard again . I give it one star only because I ca n't go any lower .
 I bought it most of the time it wants to print in gray scale and checked to see if I had to print in grayscale no that was not the prob . So I contact HP because thought the cartridges were leaking saw ink in the bottom.Decided bad printer took it back got another same model and quess what same thing been my rounds with HP on this and I will be taking this one back also I belive it 's a LEMON would n't recommond this to know one.I say HP go back and try again
 This printer works ok before the color cartridge problem . Called customer service at night stupidly . The call was forwarded to another country at no avail . DO NOT BUY IT AND DO NOT CALL THEM . Save your money and time .
 Do n't waste your money !!! It sucks ink , the photo quality is much less than expected , it constantly is getting jammed . It wo n't feed thicker paper for child id kits . It also now only prints in black ink . We bought two brand new color cartridges -LRB- at different times -RRB- and it only printed for one night with each cartridge , so the bad cartridge theory was out . We have hated this from the day we bought it -LRB- about a year and a half ago -RRB- . Once again do n't waste your money !!!
 I was originaly shopping for a scanner , but decided on this all-in-one . The thought of an all-in-one was appealing at first . The problem I 've encountered is when I print a large photo , like an 8X10 , and if the picture has a lot of blue or red in the picture , it prints shaded lines across the image . You can also see where the print head lines are . I just was n't happy with the print quality.I called tech support thinking it was something in the configuration I could fix , but the tech support person could n't explain to me why it was happening . He had n't come across this problem before . I took the unit back to BestBuy and had one of their sales reps help me . We played around with the floor model and it did the same thing !! Not as bad , but still printed a shaded line across part of the picture . I decided to go ahead and switch mine for a new one -LRB- of the same model -RRB- . I thought maybe I just got a lemon , but the one I switched it for does it too . It may be a flaw in the model . Others I 've spoken to have this same model , and they say it does fine , but they have n't tried to print a large picture with blue colors in it.I have owned other HP printers and have been completely satisfied , but this one just is n't doing it for me . I plan on returning this unit and purchasing a printer/scanner separately.I hear the HP 8450 puts out a good print quality .
 We purchased this all in one about eight months ago to replace another all in one from HP . Mainly bought the 2355 because it was smaller and had the integral media card reader . The software problems reading the media cards , short life ink cartidges and the yellow color copies have not annoyed me too much , but when it takes six sheets of paper to print a two page document that you need in a hurry , I am no longer pleased . The location and design of the paper feed roller are to blame , pulling the paper in on an angle . Quality control seems to be slipping at HP and I will think twice or more before buying another HP product .
 It is prone to mechanical , electronic , and software problems related to the seating of the ink cartridges.For one thing , if you are out of ink -- color or black -- the device will not scan . I 'm not surprised HP is looking for ways to discourage people from saving money by buying their own ink . If the fact that I want to use my scanner some night and wait till tomorrow to run out and buy HP 's latest ink-gauge happens to earn them some ill will I guess they can live with it.Also , the cartridges for this printer will readily fit into the wrong side . No big deal I suppose ... oh , except if you should happen to do it the printer is a total loss . That 's right destroyed . It is impossible to remove the cartridge from the wrong side without damaging the printer.The print and scan quality of this model are as good as promised , but there are many other models on the market without these hassels .
 *** DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER !!! All the people that gave good reviews will find out soon enough . I am on my 3rd printer from the HP exchange program . The first printer the card reader did n't work right out of the box . The second printer worked for a month or so then I got a `` ink cartridge error '' . They sent a trird printer and out of the box I got the same error . After calling HP and spending wasted hours downloading `` the fix '' I still have the error . *** DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER !!!
 This was given to us as a gift December 2004 . Within the first three months , an error message would come up to say that the wrong tri-color cartridge was installed though it was using the cartridge that CAME WITH THE PRINTER . I followed all the troubleshooting directions to no avail . Tech support was no help and a tremendous waste of my time . The only solution they could offer was for ME to go out and buy a new cartridge to see if that would solve the problem . It did , and they offered to send me a replacement cartridge which was fine . But now , four months later , I am getting the same error message . So I installed the new replacement cartridge and it is fine now . It is not a matter of the cartridge running out of ink , it just keeps clogging up . I would never buy a HP printer on my own .
 I bought 2 machines . Had to return the first . Both had the same exact problem . The color print did not print after the first initial set of print . If I printed a lot of 10 items , it printed gorgeous material . If i then printed something different lets say 5 minutes later , there was no color . This , as i mentioned , happened with both machines.Very unhappy with trust in printer , but when it did make copies , it was gorgeous .
 I have had multiple problems with this printer since I first bought it 1/05 , and if it were n't for a lingering hope that HP will replace it , I would throw it out the window . Here are the following problems ... I have found that the paper will always jam . I can not put more than one page into the printer at a time . When it does jam I need to turn the printer off and start all over again . Another common problem is that when you run out of 1 of the 2 ink cartridges the printer holds , it will not let you copy or scan . Make sure you always have spare ink around because the printer is useless in this situation . My most recent problem is that the printer has recently started to not accept the color ink cartridge that came with the printer . On the display screen an error message comes up saying that the colored ink cartridge is not compatible with the printer . It worked fine yesterday . I have called HP support and each time nothing is fix . Also do not get this printer if you are a Mac user . Getting help from customer support is almost impossible and it will take at least an hour before they transfer you to the write department . I hope nobody has to go through the problems I have had .
 The unit I got was DOA
 I buy these Verbatim discs on a regular basis from other companies and never have a problem . Out of the first 10 discs on the spool , 9 were defective . I just stop trying to use them . I have not had 1 defective Verbatim disc from any other company . I will not go through the problems of returning them but will never buy them from this source again .
 Verbatim 16x Single-sided DVD+R Spindle , 100 DiscsWell , I hate to disagree with other reviews . But in my iMac G5 I have had 5 coasters out of 7 Burns . 2 out 7 good . I am sure I 'll go thru my 100 DVD-R at this rate in no time . Anybody with advice for iMac DVD-R .
 I have used Verbatim blank DVD-R discs for years ... having burned over 2,000 over the last 6 years . When these discs were made by Mitsubishi , the quality was tops . Now that these are made in the United Arab Emirates , the quality is gone . I experienced 68 discs not finalizing out of the 100-count spindle I just bought . Sixty-eight ! Never again !
 I am sorry I ordered these DVD-Rs but I needed some to burn my movie to DVD for my cast & crew . Unfortunately , the DVD-Rs do not work in my player . I am not sure why but I am about to return them for a refund . Waste of money !
 Not much to say about these . There are 100 on the spindle , and I 've tried burning about 20 of them , only two of which were successful . I 'm going to donate the rest to a school , in hopes that they 're compatible with the school 's computers . I 'll buy some other blank DVD media instead.BTW , I bought a spindle of 100 CD-Rs from Verbatim at the same time , and I have had no problem with any of them .
 I have had some bad disc . I recorded a movie . Sometimes the audio cuts out and the video gets square dots on my monitor . I think the disc are bad.I wanted to be sure these disc are bad disc , so I used a Sony DVD-R disc to record the same movie and the Sony disc had no problems . I did this same test 5 times with the same results . So that tells me the Sony Disc are good and the Verbatim disc are bad . I put all Verbatim disc in the trash . I will buy Sony disc from now on . They are more expensive but you get what you pay for.All these Disc manufactures out source the making of the disc . The Verbatims I bought was made in United Arab Emir . I think the qualty control of making these disc are not good .
 I just bought a 50-pack of Verbatim DVD-Rs -LRB- 16x -RRB- from Amazon . Of the ten discs I have burned so far , six failed verification . In all of the hundreds of DVDs I have burned before , I have had this happen maybe twice . This is completely unacceptable and not the kind of quality I expect -LRB- and usually get -RRB- from Verbatim . Another reviewer warned of Verbatim discs made in the United Arab Emirates -LRB- UAE -RRB- , and indeed my discs were made there . So be warned and watch out .
 My first 100 stack was flawless . So i ordered another 100 stack a few months later . My second stack started to have write errors about a 1/4 of the the way down , and hoping that it was only 1 disc I pulled another DVD towards the bottom of the stack with the same results . I have so far burned 5 duds in a row with DVDs from various levels of the spindel . I 've sent Verbatim support an e-mail hopfully to get a replacement , if that does n't work i guess ill see if Amazon will make it right .
 These Verbatim DVD-R discs have turned out to be the biggest waste of money and time . Fully half of the discs on the 50 disc spindle are damaged and unusable .
 Have been buying recognized , name brand DVD-Rs for years and years ... This was a bad purchase ... too many DVDs became coasters , failure to complete.Rarely or never had this experience before ... what 's up with that ?
 I swear , every fourth DVD I grabbed from this stack was unwritable . Very disappointing . Would n't go this route again for storing my pictures .
 I bought the 100 pack and in a month went through it and 14 would error out . So I can not recommend these for recording .
 I am on about a 10th disk at the moment , and not one has been recognizable post-writing . Moreover , my recorder -LRB- 8x -RRB- drops down to about 4x on these disks , despite them being 16x . Money well wasted -LRB- too bad I waited - otherwise I could have returned these to Amazon -RRB- .
 After doing some research , I decided to use this highly recommended brand of DVDs to burn my PS2 backups . Unfortunately , every single DVD I tried failed at around 11-15 % . Granted , I do n't have the best burner but I ca n't blame it when it 's only this particular brand that fails the same way under every circumstance . I 'm giving it one star for it 's price and another star in case it might serve some use in the future .
 I got this for couple months ago and I did n't really like it because could n't burn any dvd . it burn but it always stop in the middle . it was my first time trying verbatim dvdR . was n't so happy about this product . I waste about 20 disc . not so good product .
 I have purchased Verbatim DVD+R and - R for several years now and have had nothing but good luck with them , with an approximate 99 % success ratio . All my past purchases have been made from local stores near my home area . I only buy Verbatim or TDK.Recently , in order to save a few dollars , for first time I purchased two spindles through Amazon -LRB- the DVD-R -RRB- with AZO -RRB- and every third disc is a failure that will not write to disc or if it does write to disc , the finished product skips or stalls in the DVD player . The majority of these discs end up in the garbage.I am hugely disappointed and DO NOT RECOMMEND these to anyone . I will never again purchased DVDs online again .
 I had a 70 % success rate with these blank DVDs , 30 % were duds . I 'd think that for the money one could do a lot better .
 The first 5 or so discs worked , but after that only abour one in 5 were usable . Every burning program rejected them as not being blank . These are a complete waste of money .
 Totally disappointed ! This brand is no different from HP/Sony/Maxell , etc. I compared burned data on Verbatim and the others and believe it or notthe less named brands did better . I was looking for clear and crisp photosit failed . Sorry !
 So far only 1 out of 10 succesful burns . With Sony I had 50 for 50 Succesful burns . What more do i need to say ? Not worth the 20 $ for 100 !
 Have not been able to successfully burn a DVD on my drive . Firmware is up to date . Have tried burning on 3 different drives and neither of them succeed . Will not purchase these ever again .
 PURCHASED THIS ITEM SEVERAL MONTHS AGO , AND IT WOULD NOT RECORD ON MY THREE DVD RECORDERS . I MANAGED TO SALVAGE SOME BY WASHING THEM WITH SOAP AND WATER . TERRIBLE PRODUCT . I STILL HAVE ABOUT 20 OF THEM AS A REMINDER NEVER TO BUY VERBATIM DVD DISKS AGAIN . I HAVE BEEN RECORDING DVD 'S FOR SEVERAL YEARS AND I HAVE NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH OTHER BRANDS . I PURCHASED VERBATIM BECAUSE IT HAD A RATHER HIGH RATING.WHAT A JOKE ! .
 Received DVD 's damaged due to inproper packaging by the vendor.Vendor refused to exchange damaged discs .
 I suppose any dvd media may have compatibility issues with certain burners and/or players , but I can say that after taking advantage of the low price and rebate , I was left with 100 useless blank dvds . While no error is given during burn , they are slow , skipping , and/or unplayable in all 3 of my dvd players . Even my computer dvd drives fail to read 50 % of them back , and even the drive that burned them reports read errors . I 've not had any problems before or since with ridata or tdk disks . I think the Verbatim media falls into that category of `` You get what you pay for . '' Beware of bargains .
 Verbatim DVD-Rs are the worst I 've ever bought . They all seem to record but you ca n't finalize at least 1 in 3 , meaning you lost forever what you tried to record . I 've had a ZERO failure rate with name brand DVD-Rs . I gave up and threw away 75 of the 100 Verbatim DVD-Rs that came in the spindle , after seeing how frequently the ones I 've used failed . Stick with name brands . I 've never had problems with Office Max DVD-Rs , either . Trust me , do n't throw away your money on Verbatim garbage .
 I have about 75 % coasters using leopard -LSB- Mac osx 10.5 -RSB- . Piece of junk . It was a total waste of money . TDK , OTOH , has had 0 % failure so far .
 Works great for data backup . Decided to backup some of the Disney movies we have.After few burned DVDs we did notice a frame freeze on many scenes on many DVDs.The burn speed on my DVD burner is 4X , it is very slow burn , but DVDs still showframe freeze when played back . Original DVDs playback just fine . .
 I purchased these DVDs on the recommendation of The Digital FAQ site . Maybe one in three worked , I thought my DVD player was going bad . I bought a ten pack of philips brand at a local discount store and every one worked the first time . These things are garbage and even if they gave them away they wouldnt be worth the time and aggravation they cost .
 I have already reviewed the Memorex blanks & you can see it here at Amazon . The horrible quality of the Memorex blanks pushed me into buying Verbatim brand & I have to thank Memorex for doing so . I 've bought Verbatim 4 times now & every time , they come in perfect order & every disc works . That 's right , 400 discs & they all work . I will never switch to another blank for as long as I need them.UPDATE
 At least 80 % of these discs went in the trash due to bad sector errors , unreadable disc errors and discs that burned but failed at playback . So if you have an HP Pavillion g series , you may want to consider a different brand .
 I 've used Verbatim blank DVD 's for the past few years because they were always so reliable , never a `` coaster '' in the bunch . -LSB- That 's in contrast to Sony and Memorex , where each attempted burn was always chancy . -RSB- However , my last stack of Verbatim 's started out OK , with no problens , then 2/3 of the way down the stack I started to get write errors when burning . I dropped the recording speed from 16x to 12x and that helped some but even then a few were unusable . Thinking my DVD recorder was getting dirty , I invested in a cleaning disk but that offered only a marginal improvement . I am now reluctant to spend money on a product that has gone from ultra-reliable to iffy . If anyone has located a media manufacturer whose DVD reliablity is superior , please add a note to this set of reviews and let us know who it is . Thanks .
 The product arrived completely smashed apart . Amazon packed it in a ridiculous way that almost seemed designed to result in maximum smashing.They did the same thing to a spindle of CD-Rs that was purchased at the same time.I strongly recommend not purchasing this product from Amazon .
 Nothing is wrong with my system , or my DVD player . I get 100 % perfect copies when using memorex or one other brand I now forget , but with verbatim I get skipping disks EVERY SINGLE TIME . Not sure what could be different but it seems to be the fault of the disks .
 Update
 Very disappointed with this product . We ALWAYS get this brand at the store and NEVER EVER have a problem with burning things . My husband as thrown away 10 DVDs in this pack of 100 . He has only used 15 of them . Not worth the money . Very VERY frustraing !
 I use DVD 's for storing my RAW photo files . 29 of 100 Verbatim DVD-R 's had errors . I bought 1 100 pack of Verbatim and 1 100 pack of the Amazon brand at the same time and Amazon brand DVD 's had zero disc writing errors.FYI I own a retail photography studio , employ 4 and burn approximately 1500 DVD 's a year . This is the worst batch I have had in several years . I have had very good luck with the Amazon brand but they were on backorder so I ordered the Verbatim to make sure i had some DVD 's to use -- as it worked out they both ended up coming at the same time.Bottom line
 About 2 out of 3 end up frisbees . Thought I would try these since there are good reviews and the cost was right . Live and learn . Better to spend a little more and be able to actually use them for something other than target practice at the garbage can !
 Yes Coaster Galore ... All resembling DVD-R ... This is true ... Bought 2 100 count stacks and the first stack of 100 had 36 faulty disks.I am currently using the second stack which is running strong at every other disk is faulty.MY RECOMMENDATION !!! Stay away from Verbatim unless you are in need of coasters or planning some modern deco project .
 First of all , the package came in a big box with the air bags in it . When i opened it , i noticed immediately there 's a huge crack on the cap . It 's the first time i 'm getting things from amazon -LRB- instead of individual seller -RRB- so that did n't leave a good impression . And the first 3 disks were good . After that , like every other disk i can not use . I 've used the same software with other dvds and never had problem this frequent . I even downloaded new software to try and still no use . So it 's obviously the disk 's problem . I 'm VERY disappointed . I 've gotten other brands before , and maybe have not more than 3 disk not usable . So this is very disappointing and i wish i can return it . and I think i 'll try to stay away from ordering from amazon and stick with individual sellers .
 I 'm really horrified by the quality of these DVD 's . They quality use to be very excellent and I would recommend these DVD 's to anyone , but now I would warn everyone to stay away from these DVD 's . They quality has really diminished . These DVD 's are only good for data and music , if anyone is planning on backing up their DVD movies then I would say go with Taiyo Yuden from newegg . These DVD 's are terrible for movies so avoid them .
 I 've never had so much trouble with DVD-R media as with these . I 've used about a third of my spindle , and at least half of them had to be thrown away because of media errors . I thought TDK made bad discs , but these really take the cake . Never , ever buying these again . Save yourself a lot of hassle and frustration and avoid these discs .
 I have used Verbatim media many times in the past with no problems . This particular batch was labeled with country of origin specified as `` United Arab Emirates . '' Basically the disc is simply incompatible with ANY of my three Panasonic DVD recorders -LRB- made between 2007 and 2010 -RRB- . They may
 Out of 50 discs , I found eight bad ones that would not record . I am going back to Amazon-basics , AmazonBasics 4.7 GB 16x DVD-R -LRB- 100-Pack Spindle -RRB- for future orders . In the past all 100 discs have been OK , with no bad ones .
 I have used verbatim for years , but recent purchases and attemps to record have produced DISK ERR , FAILURE TO RECORD , FAILS TO FINALIZE . This was true of Verbatim purchased from Sam 's Club and this order from Amazon.I have checked out my recorder and it records just fine on Memorex -LRB- which is not the brand I prefer -RRB- .
 Packaging was horrible ! On that note I received broken discs . Also because of the packaging , the discs were sliding around in the packaging causing the discs to scratch on one another .
 First disc was n't recognized .2 nd disc unrecognizable postburn3rd disc same as Disc 2 ... . pretty bad start ... 1 StarI have a Panasonic DVR and have used Verbatim for years with maybe a random 2-3 discs in 100 failing . Having the first three in a row fail is horrible.Gonna dig one out from the bottom of the stack to sample further down and see if it fails . I 'm sending them back to Amazon if it does.Appears the Verbatim Quality is no more .
 The first two sets of these I purchased had no issues . The third set I purchased -LRB- this set -RRB- about a third of the discs did not work and were wasted ! The working discs have worked flawlessly so far , but can not give a product a higher rating if I feel like it is a gamble to purchase another set out of fear that my next batch of discs may not work .
 Ive tried every method and 5 different computers and laptops , and these disks have failed on every single one of them ... . and I dont mean just a few or even 20 of the disks ... . all 100 of these disks failed to burn general data , dvd movie , music , etc. . . you get the point ... . I have never had any experience like this in my entire life ... . and i never usually leave reviews , but im an avid prime member and feel that i should let someone else know before they lose money as I just did .
 I received the package , and the plastic spindle container was broken . The DVD-Rs all looked fine , but so far only 2 of the first 6 I have tried actually burned without errors . I should have done my research before purchasing Verbatim DVD-Rs .
 I ordered a pack of 100 Verbatim DVD-R 's because of the high rating they were given . They were not the ` life series ' , and they DID have the AZO layer on it -LRB- not sure what that is -RRB- - since that seems to be the sign of high quality with these discs . I was so excited to try them out , but the very first disc I set to burn was not even recognized . Second one was recognized , burned , and finalized successfully , however when I placed it into my 2 $ 29.99 DVD Players - Memorex -LRB- manufactured in 2010 -RRB- DVD Player and Philips -LRB- also 2010 -RRB- which by the way have played EVERY single burnt disc I 've ever placed in them , Memorex gave me a WRONG DISC error , of which I had NEVER seen on that DVD player , and the Philips simply did n't do anything -LRB- again , never seen it do that -RRB- . Since that day , I 've resorted to burning at 2x just to get them to work , although I 've NEVER had to do this with ANY brand I 've used before . I 've made 100 's of movies with second rate brands , all of which play on my cheap players , and I can think of only a handful that simply would n't burn . Just as a test , I burned Wrath of the Titans onto a Verbatim at 6x , and it had pixelization errors when I played it . Did the same burn onto a Philips DVD-R , at same speed , same program , etc , and it came out fine . So , why did I go with Verbatim ? I hear they are high quality and since I give a lot of DVD 's to friends , I wanted high compatibility as well . Now I 'm stuck with 84 Verbatims that I HAVE to burn at 2x or they just wo n't work . Can somebody please just let me know if you 've had this problem ? I ca n't be the only one ... these are supposed to be the sh*t when it comes to DVD 's , it ca n't just be me . Thanks . BTW , out of 16 DVD 's I 've burned so far , 5 messed up ... they either were n't recognized or were recognized and burned successfully but then gave some kind of errors on DVD player .
 I threw away ten verbatim discs trying to transfer a film from beta that a memorex disc had no trouble transferring . The worst discs I 've ever had . I 've got a few more verbatim discs left on my spindle but I have a feeling there will be errors with those worthless discs as well . Buy memorex or Sony , much better than these .
 Well , it did say repackaged ... . I found 10 more that were scuffed , dinged and unusable ... and those were in the middle of the pack of 100 . Crap ! And I rarely have issues with this particular product . Do n't fall for the repackaged price , it will cost you more per disc . It did me .
 Even after reading the reviews , there were so many positive ones and this was such a great deal , I tried them . In the thousands of DVD 's we have burned we have had a few bad ones now and again . We actually thought our burner was broken with these . Only about 1 in 5 would work ! Our burner does not like this brand , there is something really wrong with these . My batch says made in Taiwan but I will be asking the company for a replacement set to try . Unfortunately , by the time I got around to returning , my return deadline with Amazon had passed . I will never try a Verbatim product again .
 These items came to me damaged . I had to discard several of the disks . I will not use this service again as this is the second time that I have received damaged disks from Amazon . I would rather pay a higher price for disks that will be delivered undamaged rather than pay a cheaper price and lose the disks that were damaged and scratched . I guess Amazon does n't even read these reviews because no one has contacted me or emailed me with an apology or with replacement disks for the damaged disks both times . It would be cheaper to replace my damaged disks and keep a happy customer rather than not replace them , not contact them or even acknowledge that there is a problem . Again , I will NOT use Amazon again for my disk purchases .
 Run Away ! 0ver 50 % failure rate . Using Nero 10 , 3 out of 4 DVD movie copies either fail to burn , or do not function properly in the same laptop drive . Maxells work after several failed tries with Verbatum . I was just going to deal with it , but after 3 failed burn attempts from a VIDEO_TS folder on my laptop I decided to return them . I sort of feel like a person that has eaten part of a meal asking for a refund , but they need to know -LRB- and so do you -RRB- I have had zero failures out of a 50 pack Maxell 16x 4.7 GB DVD-R Spindle -LRB- 50 Discs , and am ordering 100 more.Maxell 16x 4.7 GB DVD-R Spindle -LRB- 50 Discs -RRB-
 I purchase this DVD for my wii backup , for first 5 pieces DVD is burn without any problem , and after 5 pieces all burn is failure . The DVD surface likes moon surface , black spot surrounding in anywhere . It 's Very Bad Quality . Complain to Amazon.com , no answer yet .
 These DVD-Rs are not compatible with my Macbook Pro 's drive -LRB- HL-DT-ST DVDRW GSA-S10N -RRB- . I ca n't burn DVDs in Mac OS X or Windows 7 . Bummer .
 After wasting quite a few of these disks in my dvd recorder , I have come to the conclusion that I wasted my money on this brand . I have tried several other brands of DVD-R , and only this brand does not work . I have also tried DVD+R and DVD+RW disks of this brand , as well as other brands . All of them worked fine , EXCEPT the Verbatim . If they worked for you , then you were lucky . I will not buy this brand again .
 Bought a 100-disc spindle and the smell of the blank disc is horrible . When I open the box , the disc smells like burning plastics on fire . I do n't want to open the box again and immediate return it .
 I bought a 100 disk spindle of Memorex DVD+R s earlier and found 86 were COASTERS . After reading the good reviews of the 50 disk spindle of Verbatim DVD-Rs I immediately ordered them . They arrived today and I could n't wait to start using them . After inserting the first disk the computer asked me to `` Insert Disk '' . Properties said O used space and 0 free space . All 50 disks were tested and each one was bad . 136 coasters anyone ? It will cost me half the price of the DVDs to exchange them . I could have bought them locally for the same money and not wait two weeks . I have ordered many items from Amazon over the years , but do n't recommend buying DVDs .
 I usually LOVE Verbatim discs . This spindle however is terrible . So far , 20 coasters that are n't even recognized -LRB- using OS X , LION , Tried two burners -RRB- . WASTE OF MONEY .
 These Verbatim dvd-r do not work for me . I 've used Sony and Maxell brands 16x dvd-r without out any problems before trying Verbatim and after .
 I have been using Verbatim for quite some time now . In fact my machine specifically recommends the use of Verbatim , Mitsubishi , or JVC disks . Until now I have been happy with them . But the two most recent spools I have purchased have been nothing but problems . The 100 pack which I can not find where it was made has errored every single disk I have tried to record on . The second spool of 50 was made in Taiwan and seems to be hitting about a one in three error rate . I very much miss the old made in Japan disks . Tried writing to Verbatim about the warranty and was told they only warranty on data recorded on a computer , no other sources such as DVD recorders . Their current DVD-R disks should be avoided . Although I am still having absolutely no problems with their DVD+RW disks , owing mainly I am sure to the different way by which + RW disks record . I hear JVC is the better disk to try so I will be moving on from Verbatim and trying that from now on .
 I have been burning DVDs for years . I would always read reviews discussing issues with blank media . I have used numerous brands over the years and never had any trouble . I always assumed people had poor hardware or did not know what they were doing . I was wrong . Bad blanks do exist and Verbatim makes them . I would say about 50 or the 100 discs in the spindle were completely useless and did not burn . This is my first time using Verbatim and it will be my last . Buy this at your own huge risk .
 We tried recording a group of my photos on a DVD-R . My computer lets you burn DVD-Rs . This was terrible !!!! We ended up throwing the whole set away.I went back to burning all my photos onto CD-Rs . I also keep the best and memorable ones on the memory cards.I thought the DVD-Rs would help hold more of the photos as a back-up . It was terrible .
 Beware of all the glowing reviews that you see here ; note that the best reviews are several years older and they were written for an older and now higher priced product , # 95102 , and manufactured to high standards for Verbatim through Mitsubishi . These new disks , the 97460 , have very similar packaging but that 's where the comparison ends . They are manufactured for Verbatim by Ridata , a name synonymous with land fill and have a high coaster rate . I got suckered once before I did my homwork , and buy the 95102s elsewhere and at a lower price .
 The box has a perforated lid , and it had already been open . I do not appreciate paying full price for a product that had already been previously purchased .
 I have used Verbatim disks for several years without any problems , these disks however have a 50 % fail rate , stay away from these
 I tried these Verbatim blank dvds to compare them to a another brand I purchased previously . It turned out to be a bad decision . Almost 30 out of the 100 dics failed to burn correctly . That would mean a 70 % success rate and a 30 % failure rate . To me that is unacceptable .
 I 'm a photographer and I archive thousands of photos to DVD every year . I 'm on DVD 251 right now . Of the first 25 DVDs out of this package I 've already had 11 FAIL to write !!! I just got off the phone with Verbatim , and while they are offering to replace any failed DVDs , that does n't help me recover the time wasted waiting for a DVD to write , only to fail , and have to repeat the process . Now I have doubts about the quality of the DVDs that did write ; are they going to be reliable ? I plan to re-achive all those images on a different brand DVD just to be safe . I 've used Memorex and Fuji and maybe had 2 or 3 fail to write out of 100 . Maybe this was a bad batch ?? I do n't know , but I 'm NEVER BUYING THIS BRAND AGAIN !!!
 I have used these DVD-R 's for a few years now . At first , I absolutely LOVED them ! But now the quality is so diminished that I end up throwing away about half of the DVD 's in the pack due to `` write errors '' . So frustrating !!!!!!!!!
 I have a $ 20 amp from Walmart that works almost as good . 2 bars difference on channels . For the money it cost almost 4 times that of my old amp and just is n't worth the money in my opinion .
 This product did not work at all . It could be it was broken , but the the TV signal was not strengthened at all by this product . I had the help of two electrical engineers , so I am sure it was installed correctly . We returned it .
 I 've bought three of these over the last year , two for indoor use and one for outdoor . They work as advertised until some sort of a power surge comes along , like the power going off and on . Then it 's all over
 Be advised that you will not be getting the item pictured here . One of the main reasons I ordered this product was because it had inputs for both UHF and VHF , however , the CM-7777 that I received only has one input and one output . It looks exactly likeChannel Master CM-7778 Titan Medium-Gain Mast Mounted Preamplifier.This thing may work great but it is not what I was expecting and that is very irritating .
 this product is not the same as pictures or described . it is the old model not new as described . if you want an old style amp . this is the place .
 Installed the preamp per the enclosed instructions . It worked for twenty minutes and then failed completely . The worst part of this was having to take down the antenna for a second time because of the preamp failure . I bought this item because Channel Master has been in the TV business for a long time , and I felt quite sure it would be a quality product . I was highly disappointed . I would not recommend this item to anyone .
 I bought this off of Amazon warehouse store . It came in the mail not working . I climbed to the top of my tower numerous times to trouble shoot -LRB- not fun -RRB- . I sent back to Channel Master . They have the most terrible return and service people . If you ever have a problem with their products , watch out for a long delay and terrible communication . Their phone and email service were both bad . Do yourself a favor and buy Wineguard . They are above reproach and value their customers . I have bought with both companies and have had returns with both companies .
 We had a Channel Master 7777 for over a year and then it got hit by lightening . We just recently replaced it with another Channel Master 7777 and this one worked for about two days and now we can get no signal at all . Spent a lot of money for nothing . Have since heard that there has been quality issues from the manufacturer -LRB- in China -RRB- and there has been considerable problems with this preamplifier . Should be recalled and money refunded . Quite disappointed !!!!
 After going through all the steps for installation it was quite disappointing to go from 21 channels and hoping to just get a more consistent signal to two channels . I sent it back and choose a different model hoping they can manage to ship units that work .
 Does not improve signal at all . Amazon promptly sent UPS to retrieve item and refunded my money . They are the best .
 I receive almost all the digital signals depending on the weather and the trees blocking signals from ABC and public TV . I am 30 miles southwest of Chicago . After installing Channelmaster 7777 , I was not able to receive any stations from 2 through 7 . I was able to get channel 9 and above . Channel 11 is WTTW public radio and the signal was sporadic . I am returning the Channelmaster 7777 and getting an antenna rated for 60 miles and above . These amplified devices have never worked for me .
 We hired someone to install this for us and they never could get it to work . We got no stations with the preamplifier and without several . The part could have been defected we do n't know for sure so it was returned .
 Out of the box the unit worked . I was impressed with the diecast metal enclosure and the hardware . I live in a rural area and wanted to install the best amplifier that was available . The signal strength was higher that my old Radio Shack pre-amplifier . About 3 hours later , the signal started to pixelate and degrade across all channels . Each time I turned on the TV over the next few days , it was either the best reception on all channels or it was dead . I double checked all of my equipment and hooked it straight to a single TV to eliminate any doubt that it was from my distribution amplifier . I have boxed it up for return and re-installed my Radio Shack pre-amplifier .
 I bought this product to replace an older model which was only delivering one TV station . But having installed this product I am receiving no stations . Perhaps I am doing something wrong in the installation , but so far I have been unable to get it working . Any suggestions would be appreciated.Thanks , JohnEins
 Disapointed . I purchased a Radio Shack unit and took it back because it was n't pulling in channels and bought this one . The reason I bought the unit is because customers stated that they were receiving channels that they did n't get before and were increasing channels by 3 to 7 or more channels . Well that isint the case for me.The channel I wanted to see the most is still intermittant . I have read that if you do n't have the signal in the first place that you can not draw the signal in you can only make what you receive better . Well , I either have a perfect picture that jumps in and out or no picture at all . There is no pixelation and no audio drop outs . It 's either there or it 's not . Strange that the signal is not always there with or without this unit.If you want to make your pictures clearer this is a very good unit if you have a somewhat decient signal . If you want it to increase distance and pull in the picture from a longer distance , this unit did n't do it for me .
 I needed an antenna preamp to boost the local signals in my area . A Radio Shack model was servicable but stopped working . Selected Channel Master because I knew the brand . Dissapointing results - SNR - signal to noise ratio - was worse with the amp . This was determined subjectively by viewing dropouts on known weak signals and watching TV with/without the amp and also by measuring SNR with a Hauppauge HVR-1950 which has a SNR indicator for my computer . I liked the separate preamp and power supply hookup and it was easy to install but it did n't do the job . I replaced it with a Winegard AP-8700 which works much better .
 I am now on my third CM7777 . The first one lasted less than 3-1/2 months . I thought this would be easy to call and get a replacement , but I found out their warranty is only 3 months ! Are you kidding ? After some haggling with Channel Master they agreed to replace it for free . In order to claim for a warranty return you have to send them the serial number of the unit that failed ... and guess what ... the serial number is inside the unit printed on the circuit board . I had to pull down the antenna from the roof and disassemble the unit . Then I had to set up the antenna again so I could get some stations.The replacement one finally arrived and I put it up . Worked great for about 20 minutes and then died . I e-mailed them to ask them to expedite one to me as it is not the easiest thing in the world to take down the antenna etc. . No reply . I called them and the temporary guy filling in told me that the primary person there would put this at the top of the list and let me know . No call . No e-mail . I finally gave up and re-installed an older -LRB- lower power -RRB- Channel Master that I had that was 3 + years old and had worked fine -LRB- I was just looking to pull in a few more stations -RRB- . More than a week later the replacement unit finally arrived . I have not installed it yet as I have now taken down and put up the antenna numerous times , switching back constantly to the older -LRB- and reliable -RRB- CM unit , and I have lost confidence that the latest one will work for any length of time . It is a pity as it worked well for the short time it worked.It appears that this company 's quality has gone to the dogs . On top of the poor quality they have a terrible warranty , and mediocre customer support when things go wrong.I would avoid .
 The old 7777 -LRB- with a choice of separate or combined inputs -RRB- was the best mast top amplifier I ever used . However , after receiving four new series 7777s that refused to produce any signal , I installed a fifth unit that made beautiful pictures . CM replaced the non starters with new product from a different run . Their engineering blamed to much signal or other local causes for the failures . Seemed strange since the fifth unit was installed in the same general area and it worked fine . Less than 90 days later the unit that was working expired during an electrical storm . On the very same tower and antenna two consecutive new 7777s refused to provide even a hint of a picture . Replaced with a Winegard 8275 and got instant reception . All the Channel Masters went back . This product deserves 0 stars !
 I bought this CM 7777 amp about 4 months ago & just now have found time to mount it . It replaces a lower gain CM 7778 . The CM 7777 was dead out of the box . Be aware that Channel Master gives only a 90 day warranty , so I missed out by a month . So I am SOL . Their tech support was useless - basically sorry about that , tough luck . Ca n't say a lot about the apparent Quality Control & Testing but what do you expect from China ? If you buy one test it out ASAP . Also I would strongly suggest sealing the Type F connections with `` liquid electrical tape '' and the case with silicone rubber sealant - it is not sealed in any way - it does not have a gasket .
 The unit was working great for a 2 months and then -- nothing . Checked all connections and they were fine . Antenna was mounted in the attic , so the amp portion was not subject to outdoor weather or sunlight -- just a hot attic . Oh well , not sure if there is a warranty on this , but I will try .
 We have n't used PCMCIA network cards in years , but on a few of our older laptops we decided this would be a good option . We have some 10 '' Thinkpads that the techs just keep in their cars in case they 're out somewhere without their real laptops and have an I.T. emergency that requires them to VPN back to an office and fix an issue . The internal cards in these units are 802.11 b , so we just decided to put these cards in the PCMCIA slots so you could go to a WiFi hotspot and connect to an 802.11 network . Fat chance . These cards connect fine to the older technology , but wo n't even show our Linksys 802.11 n access points , much less connect to them .
 This is the second box of 20 I purchased . No bad burns in any of the first 20 , plus the other pack of 10 I got from Amazon . This is discouraging , especially after buying Verbatim USB Flash drives recently , which are pathetically slow . Prices go down , and perhaps , quality goes with it . So far , 3 coasters out of 12 used . I use the slowest 10X rate for burning , and still Verbatim CDs fail .
 Lots of coasters!I contacted Verbatim with no response.Awful product support!I 'm using a new Dell 18x burner using Nero 's newest version.Stay away !
 I have used and sworn by Verbatim products for some time . This was my first foray into Verbatim branded lightscribe disks as I could not find my old standbys -LRB- Imation -RRB- . Unfortunately , about 50 % of the disks failed to pass the write verification tests , making them the most expensive disks in both dollars and time I have ever used , and I now have an extremely large set of coasters .
 I have purchased 6 x 50 of these in the past . Of the 300 there were 13 fails . Mediocre but not disastrous . I recently purchased 2 x 50 more . All 21 tested have failed . They have been tested on 2 dvd burner systems and 4 computers . They will not load . Morale of the story , you get -LRB- eventually -RRB- what you pay for .
 These discs are not able to accept the lightscribe labelling of the new Lacie 16X Porsche Writer
 The first CD worked for the lightscribe burning just fine , then after - nothing.The entire spindle is defective for lightscribe burning . It says `` media not detected , '' and yes , I 'm putting them in the correct way.Computer Network Admin 9 years .
 First , I have good equipment , know how to use it , and have successfully burned several hundred audio and data discs with about a 1 % failure rate . This was my first experience with Verbatim . I found about a 75 % failure rate at all burner speeds . The discs in this pack all seemed to be off balance and vibrated excessively . Most locked up my machine so bad that I had to power down to get the disc out , losing the burn list as well . I wasted hours with this junk . On switching to any other brand everything worked fine again .
 It is not really a review of the discs but rather of the entire LightScribe technology . I am new to this technology - just purchased my first Verbatim discs capable to LightScribing . The quality - mainly contrast -LRB- with setting for high contrast -RRB- - is so low that I simply can not understand how this so imperfect technology has survived for several years . And it takes about 30 min to label one disc .
 I have two DVD drives with light-scribe-burning-capability . These discs do not work on either one . Not happy with this product !
 These Verbatim discs are hands down the very WORST blank media I 've EVER encountered ! They 're made by CMC Magnetics -- well known as the worst media manufacturer in the world . But not only are they CMC Magnetics , they 're the worst of the worst of CMC Magnetics!The latest KProbe * hangs * when faced with these , forcing a hard reset . The latest Nero Burning ROM * hangs * when faced with these , forcing a hard reset . The program continues , non-stop , to display `` waiting for media '' when I use these , and an attempt to abort hangs Windows XP SP2 the same way it hangs Kprobe.Curiously , the media IDs on these are exactly the same as that on Philips LightScribe CD-R media -LRB- they 're made by CMC Magnetics as well -RRB- . However , at least the Philips are recognized by all my software and hardware , quite unlike the Verbatims . That 's why I say that these Verbatim are the worst of the worst from CMC Magnetics . -LRB- The Philips are no prize , either , but they perform minimally well -RRB- . The * ONLY * thing that worked with these media are the LightScribe labeling . But what 's the point of labeling discs you ca n't even RECOGNIZE , let alone burn?I had the exact same problems with these media in both my Lite-On LH-201AH burner and my NEC ND-2510A burner -LRB- the latter is universally recognized as and ideal burner for even low-quality media -RRB- . Note that Verbatim had a great reputation when they sold media manufactured by Taiyo Yuden . But , stupidly , they chose to go ultra-cheap and turned to the dreaded CMC Magnetics Corp. . Thus , they lost all credibility ! * AVOID THESE LIKE THE PLAGUE ! *
 I guess you get what you pay for . These discs are THE MOST prone to scratch that I have ever seen . Print lightscribe well , but good luck keeping you data readable .
 The spindle of these Verbatim LightScribe disks that I purchased was an extraordinary disappointment . My Nero Lightscribe writer only recognized one of these disks one out of ten trys and on that occasion it mis-printed .
 I bought two of the 30 packs of Verbatim Lightscribe CDRs from Best Buy . I would be very optimistic in saying that 1 out of 3 actually worked . Oh , the music burns on to them no problem , but when I flip them over to do the lightscribe label , it tells me the media is not recognized as lightscribe . This happens no matter what program I use ! And what sucks even worse is that with the coating on the cd , it 's almost impossible to write on , so you end up with an un-labeled cd anyways.Oh well , back to the HP discs : -RRB-
 At first , I was unsuccessful in my attempts to burn CDs . I burned one beautifully and and was also able to get a label on the flip side . I wasted 5 disks when I could n't get more to burn . I thought maybe it was Vista causing the problem so I tried on a second computer . It did recognize that the disk was in the drive but it just gave me error messages and would n't burn . Then I tried burning it using Nero instead of the pre-installed Microsoft software . I was able to burn one after another . They were great once I used the right program .
 My Windows Laptop has burned every kind of DIsk -- and generally works great . Except with Verbatim . To date , I 'm getting it to accept/acknowledge about 1 in every 5 disks I try to burn . Save your money and get something else .
 This product is supposedly for the lite scribe machines however after attempting to scribe each and every disc in the pack none would work . Several other brands worked just fine however so I will not be using this product again .
 these discs stink the scribing does not last on them unlike the non colored discssave your money
 I 've had good results with other Verbatim LightScribe discs , but I wo n't use the colored discs again . They looked terrific when I first burned them , but after about two weeks the images started to fade and blur - even on discs that were stored indoors and out of sunlight .
 Got a 25 pack of the colored CD-Rs . After going through all 25 I now have 15 working discs and 10 coasters . Half of the ones that did work are n't recognized on my Mac or on my PC , it just shows that there are 0 bytes available and 0 bytes free -LRB- though they do play in my CD player in my car -RRB- . The ones I could get to burn I had to put in multiple times before iTunes would recognize it as a blank CD , and Toast completely froze whenever trying to burn some discs and had to Force Quit . Had no problems with burning the labels , though even after adjusting contrast settings they 're not very dark and look somewhat blurry . Overall it 's just an incredibly bad product and I 'm very dissatisfied .
 I 've had no issues with these discs being recognized by Nero or XP for burning the data side . BUT , the label side leaves a lot to be desired ! The labels I DO get to print fade , but the biggest issue is wasting my time burning the label , then finding out most of it did not burn in and is not visible ! I 've had to get into the habit of burning the label first , then IF IT IS OK -LRB- only about a 50/50 chance -RRB- , I then burn the data side !
 I thought I was buying a high quality product in Verbatim . And even though I have not had any trouble recording music or burning with LightScribe , the fact is the images DO fade over time leaving you with a rather shabby/disgusting looking CD . I made a number of CDs for gifts to family and friends and I will likely end up cutting new ones -LRB- on another brand , of course -RRB- . Live and learn .
 Two stars because it looks like the unit will do what it says , PROVIDED your camera is n't very big . Mine -LRB- a medium-sized Canon S2 IS -RRB- is WAY too big , front to back . There is n't much adjustment in that dimension , and the web page says nothing about that . Misleading.I happen to have a Canon A410 compact handy . That one fits , but with only about half an inch to spare , and that 's a very small camera with a pretty modest lens projection.So , if you have a long-zoom camera and you were hoping to get even more zoom out of it by attaching it to a scope ... forget this item . Only compact cameras will work .
 I purchased a 50-pack of Verbatim single-layer DVD+R discs not long ago , and while I have a high opinion of their product overall , I ended up with fourteen failed burns out of the fifty . I contacted them via email about this and never did receive a response . So while I will continue to invest in their dual-layer product , I now shop elsewhere for single-layer discs . Evidently no manufacturer is perfect , not even Verbatim .
 Many of rhem do n't work.I ca n't fromat them.A waste of money . I would not order them again . I have not had this problem before .
 My Sony - R single layer DVDs were running low , so ; doing the research and reading the reviews , then comparing prices - I bought these . Unfortunately my first need for these was a time-sensitive and critical project . These disks gave me a 33 % failure rate , that was typically not evident until the end of the burn . Being forced to use the remainder of my Sony - R single-layer DVDs and a few + R Maxell DVDs to get the work done . The unacceptably high failure rate pushed everything down to the wire creating a lot of unneeded aggravation . I could not recommend these disks for use . Different burn rates -LRB- speeds -RRB- , increasing storage levels for the burns , and closing or leaving disk open , did nothing to improve the failure rates . Amazon , would not accept return of these obviously defective -LRB- probably sitting in some dank dark humid shipping terminal over the water in China for three years -RRB- ... disks . So they returned $ 2 + of the price and ` let me keep the remainder of the disks ' . Bad news if you ask me , intend not buy Verbatim Products again . Two stars because at least some of them work , sort of .
 Product would not write/produced write error with my PC and several others . Compatibility should have been fine as other DVDs burn fine . I may have gotten a bad batch.Of note , if you buy try them out quickly as the return window is limited .
 Thought I was getting a good deal when I purchased Verbatim DVDs , and for the first 10-15 DVD burn jobs it was a great deal . . But the last 8-10 burn jobs only ended up only being partial burnings smh ... Which means the whole movie did n't burn leaving me with a useless DVD ! I 've used Verbatim in the past , and really did n't have this problem before , and for now will have to find a more reliable brand until the problems fixed ...
 I am currently sitting in the Auburn University library , right next to a window , watching this thing tell me `` No Signal '' . It received no signal in my apartment either , unless you attach the antenna . It receives an in and out signal outside , and in a moving car . If your car is stationary the signal remains strong . If you hold the unit in your hand , or next to your person -LRB- Belt Clip \ Arm Band -RRB- you will not receive a signal . This item does not function properly as a portable `` On the Go '' device .
 I 've been using my Helix for over 2 years now . Biggest complaints :1 -RRB- The reception has NEVER been good on this radio2 -RRB- After giving up on decent radio reception , I decided to use it as an mp3/podcast player . That probably would have been ok , except that over the years as Napster has changed it 's program , XM has done little or nothing -LRB- mostly nothing -RRB- to coordinate with Napster on the Helix/Napster interface . You can no longer use Napster to manage songlists . Napster has been as helpful as it can in suggesting work-arounds , but one technician finally told me that XM has done nothing to update its drivers in the Helix . I 'm not technically proficient enough to know if that 's the case or not , but that 's what I 've been told . I do know that if I had to do it all over again , I would NOT have bought this product .
 When the radio works it is good -LRB- except for frequent loss of signal when walking with it in standalone mode , ie , no external antenna -RRB- , but pray you never have a warranty problem . My radio died , Samsung has had it for almost 6 weeks now and I ca n't find out from them when it will be returned . And I 've called every number I can find !!! Meantime I keep paying my XM service . I would recommend you buy local from some place that will honor the warranty IN HOUSE !!!!
 This product -LRB- as with the Pioneer Inno -RRB- was intentionally downgraded , so that the FM transmitter will only work if you buy the car kit . Now you ca n't take it to your office and use with your boombox , etc. . Perhaps they think they will sell more hardware this way.However , in the days of advancing electronics we should expect better . Do n't buy this product until they change it back ! Do n't worry , a competitor will soon improve on this situation !
 I 'm on my second unit and am still experiencing the same problem . On a full charge , I will power the unit off and leave it off for a couple of days . Two days later , the battery is completely dead . The problem is that if you travel much , do n't go far without a charger . According to the people I spoke with at Samsung , this should not be the case . They replaced it after 6 months of bad service from their outsourced service company -LRB- CVE -RRB- in New Jersey . -LRB- Instead of dealing with the battey issue , they just reformmated the unit ! -RRB- I got this product on Father 's Day of 2006 and as of Nov 24 , I have been able to use it for about 20 hours without problems !
 words can not express my hatred for the samsung helix . here 's why ... i received it in febuary . i had it on my desk at work hooked into it 's little home cradle and antenna getup -LRB- which in itself is a pain to deal with -RRB- it worked for 6 hours then said `` no signal . '' it never got a signal back so i called xm . they said it was samsung so i called them . long story short ... it 's been in for repair 3 times now and it 's may . first it came back saying they replaced the antenna and a board . still said `` no signal . '' so i sent it back . it came back saying that `` it worked fine in New Jersey . '' i live in a large city and tried in KC even . still , no signal . so i sent it back . this time it came back saying it was dead and completely inoperable and they had to replace electrical parts . i turned it on and it worked . so i called xm and had them resend the signal . helix never got the signal so i called xm . they had me look at the actual radio to get the id number . samsung had sent me a refurbished radio but neglected to tell me that.this is the important part though samsung `` customer service '' is HORRIBLE . i will never ever buy anything from them again . i 've spent countless hours on hold for nothing basically . once i was cut off 4 times in the half hour i was on the phone with them . they denied cutting me off saying that i must have hung up on them ! this thing is a piece of junk and is anything but portable . as long as you 're standing perfectly still with its worthless little antenna pointed directly at the sky then it works decent . if you want xm , get an internet account . xm gave me 2 months free service for my `` problems . '' after that i am giving up un Helix and only using xm online . Helix will make an adorable doorstop though ... i wish someone would have told me this before i got it . i can not believe that some people have paid 300 bucks for this thing .
 Overall , the Helix lives up to being the new generation of XM recievers . I especially like the option of being able to store my own MP3s on the unit as well as recording XM content either by time frame or on a song by song basis . The only problem here is that sometimes the fades are cut off when recording a song.Those of us familiar with XM know that the units do not work well indoors unless connected to the antenna from the home kit . The car antenna seems to work fine , on a par with my Delphi MyFi unit . The built in antenna on the Helix is marginal . I have been able to get a decent signal by positioning the unit , however , when walking or moving about the reception is definitely intermittent . This is where my pre recorded MP3 and XM content comes in handy.I would have rated the unit higher if the Helix were not falsely advertised as being able to transmit to an FM receiver from both the home and the car docks . Prior to purchase , I even went as far as downloading the manual which specifically states that the unit has this feature . This is simply not true in that the unit transmits FM from the car dock only.I am enjoying the Helix , but object to having to purchase an FM transmitter for home use .
 Do n't buy this if you plan on using it for anything else but a home unit . you can not use it in a car , because the car docking station for the helix has been DISCONTINUED . tell me how that makes sence . and the antenna headphones for using while walking . . forget it . you would think for the fifty dollars they charge they could throw in some foam on the ear buds . but its hard plastic that dig into your ears . i would hate to tru and walk or jog with them on.i contacted three companies about the problems with this radio . -LRB- 1 -RRB- amazon -LRB- 2 -RRB- xm -LRB- 3 -RRB- samsung -LRB- helix -RRB- the only one company to take the time to answer my e-mail was -LRB- 1 -RRB- amazon . thank you for taking the time to listen to your customers amazon . it means a lot .
 I have been an XM subsciber for a while - with the original Delphi XM2Go set , and two other units in cars . The Helix/Inno sounded great - more visible color screen , MP3/XM/Napster integration . I want to use the unit either in the car or at home , through the FM Modulator , which I do with the old one.Guess what - for over $ 200 more than my old one , the FM Modulator does n't work - unless you spring for the `` car kit '' - half of which I do n't need , since the car only has a CD player -LRB- so ca n't use cassette adapter -RRB- . It really seems to be a case of pay more , get less - and with deceptive packaging to boot . The packaging lists `` FM Modulator '' in the list of included features - not even an asterisk to say `` with optional car kit '' or something like that.Since this was important to me before my purchase , I tested it on the display model at Best Buy - it showed the options for configuring the FM broadcast . So I bought it - but when I took my toy home , that option was n't available . So they must be displaying it through the OPTIONAL car kit , with no indication that this is n't what you 'll really get.Beyond this frustration - the unit worked OK , would love to have a less busy screen -LRB- an option for just a plain blue background , or something like that -RRB- , and the battery life was so-so . So , it has been returned - and I 'll wait for a unit that has not been stripped of features , that is worth its price .
 I was so excited for this unit , only to find that it was n't the quality I expected.First , the FM transmitter only works in the Car Dock -LRB- not included -RRB- so if you want to use it at home , make sure your stereo has audio jacks or an aux jack.Second , the product was defective . My songs on the MP3 repeat sometimes and the headphone jack is faulty causing the sound to cut out and sound bad unless you hold the cord into the unit . This happens with both the MP3 and the XM sat radio - so I know it is n't reception.Samsung offered to repare it but the tech support is awful and unknowledgable . We 'll see what happens .
 Mobile radio reception is horrible . Totally incompatible with Mac and iTunes . Record function is spotty at best .
 After a week of frustration , I 'm returning my Helix and canceling my XM subscription . I live in a major city with XM ground repeaters , close to a lake and my home has clear views of the southern sky . Nevertheless , my Helix would randomly lose its signal ; I could go for a couple hours with clear reception but then the signal would drop-usually when a breeze came up and rustled the leaves . I spent lots of frustrated hours trying to adjust the antenna . I would have been willing to mount it outdoors , but the cable is too short.Additionally , XM would not refund my activation fee . Thus , I 'm paying $ 9.99 to learn that their service is unreliable . Until satellite radio -LRB- and their customer service practices -RRB- enter the 21st century , I 'll stick to old-fashioned radio .
 If you 're planning on using this much as a radio , think again . The reception on trains -LRB- over land -RRB- is terrible . The reception at work -LRB- in an interior office -RRB- is worse . XM Customer Service will tell you that you have to sit next to a south-facing window for optimal reception . As an MP3 player , it 's okay -- as long as you do n't have a vast iTunes library . It does n't work with iTunes at all , and the software that Samsung provides is for PC only . Just my opinion .
 XM Satellite billing issuesI had read this earlier on posts regarding XM 's billing practices but thought it was just that person 's problem or misunderstanding . Unfortunatley , I was wrong.When you sign up for XM online you give over your credit card # which is then in their greedy little paws . After trying one of their radios for a few weeks I decided there were some good features but nothing worth keeping . I returned the radio to an area big box store w/o any issues.I had only paid for a 30 day subscription with my credit card but they continued to bill me.Links on the web site for unsubscribing lead to another page of links w/o telling you how to unsubscribe ! When I called to find out why they were continuing to bill me one representative gave me a runaround saying that even though they could cease billing me they had to bill me as the radio had still been running -LRB- this is well over a month after returning it -RRB- ! . Eventually they agreed to a partial refund even though I do not trust them to not bill again.For those who might say this is not about the equipment listed on Amazon , I believe it 's impossible with satellite radio to unlink the radio programming or the billing issues from the equipment . This is not Amazon 's fault , but I think consumers need to be warned.If you must try XM , I would highly recommend using a credit card that you add money to for any individual purchases not your usual purchases . I do not , however , think they 're a very honest company .
 This is a older dish , and will not pickup HD signal for DirecTV DO NOT BUY IT !! If you plan on using HD tv .
 This item claims to get HDTV but according to Direct TV it will not pick up HDTV they recommend Slimline dishes for HDTV . I could not get any HD from this dish which is why I purchased it . It gets standard Sat tv but not HD . Seller claimed it worked at his house . Great for him but no go for us . Some how I will take Direct tv 's opinion vs his self serving one.Don ' t wast your time and money .
 Item received with no visible damage . When installed no signal whatsoever from any of the 4 outputs.Was this on sale because it was defective merchandise ?
 We recently got DirecTV after seeing their ad blitz for 75 HD channels . They brag about their `` digital picture and sound , '' and their great customer service.The truth is the only way to get digital picture and sound is with a HDTV and an HDMI . Their picture is actually worse than the picture we got with Comcast . Not to mention there is no two year agreement with cable , no picture loss when it rains , you do not have to pay for `` leased equipment , and you do not need an ugly dish hanging on your house.When we purchased our most recent HDTV , we figured we would replace the DVR we had with DirecTV and get an HD DVR to replace it.DirecTV told us we would have to pay $ 299 for the privlige of leasing their receiver from them . In addition to this we would have to pay $ 50 because we were a new customer `` and had not established a credit history with them . '' Also , we would have to pay $ 20 for shipping and handling and extend our contract for another two years.Maybe DirecTV thinks it is in the cellphone business because all they want to do is lock you into long-term contracts and make you bleed money to them forever . Their symbol should be a ball and chain because that is what they really are . Cable here I come !
 The DX antenna was very poorly packed and was damaged when recieved . The Antenna itself is unusable .
 Lowrance shipped and is shipping them without the ability to read any Navionics cards . So when they sell the base model , it is almost useless and certainly not worth the price .
 It is a big hassle to release it from the computer . I put several large files on it , which it did fairly fast , but when I went to release it , I got a message that it could n't be released . I had set up that VSafe privacy zone with a password and it erased everything I had put on it and it took 15 minutes to put one of the three files I had on it back . I closed it to do some other things and when I tried to go back the j
 I bought four of these units and each one had the LCD display fail which made the units inoperable in a practical sense . The sound quality was fine , but once the LCD display goes , it is impossible to have the unit function as an alarm clock , sleep clock , change the stations , etc. . A very disappointing experience and a total waste of money times 4 !
 ***** -LRB- btw , the person above who posted `` do n't listen to the negative reviews of people who could n't get it to work right because they were to impatient to read the manual '' has no idea what he is talking about . I am a computer geek , and my problems had NOTHING to do with impatience or not reading the manual !!!! My software simply `` stopped responding '' while trying to load up the maps !!!! I spent 2 days trying to get this thing to work !!! The software is buggy beyond belief ! BE WARNED ! -RRB- ***** I bought this item the other day , because I thought `` What a good deal ! you get the windshield mount and a 256MB card !! '' Then 1 day letter I returned it ! There are MANY positives ... but they dont matter in the least bit if your machine DOESNT WORK!NEGATIVES :1 -RRB- BUGGY SOFTWARE FREEZES
 Loved this laptop for the light weight , small size , and long battery life -LRB- approx . 5 hours -RRB- . However , some serious problems are :1 . Screen goes blank at irregular intervals and can only be recovered with a computer restart -LRB- reboot , or go into standby then back out -RRB- ... yeah , it died on me while I was writing this review2 . Mouse pointer -LRB- stick -RRB- will at irregular times move the pointer to either top or top left corner of the screen even though no pressure at all is applied . During this time it is almost impossible to use the mouse , so you have to wait for up to several minutes not using the mouse/pointer at all until the computer recovers from this problem3 . Two of the air vents for cooling fan are at the bottom of the laptop , so gets blocked very easily if you use this ` laptop ' on your ` lap ' . That means that this is not a real ` laptop ' , just a ` notebook ' computer .4 . CD tray pops out very easily . Should have feature where you hold the CD door release button for a couple of seconds before it pops outOther minor complaints are that for this price , HP/Compaq should include an integrated webcam and microphone . Audio and video conferencing over the internet is a popular application today , and if HP wants to stay competitive in the industry they need to pay attention to computer usage trends -LRB- of course , the lack of these interfaces is in the specs , so I am ` not ' complaining about false advertisement -RRB- .
 did not work with theGriffin Noise Reducing Audio Cable.Sound would only come out of 1 speaker when using the coupler . It seemed to small to let the plugs go in far enough .
 I received this coupler with a piece of plastic broken off on the inside of one half which prevented it from working at all . Just bad luck .
 This would have been a handly little item , but the `` metal '' end came out , it screwed into plastic threads and there was no way to get it back together . I 'm not actually sure it was metal.It was just junk . Used it about about 2 months . It was an Amazon Prime item . I paid 3.06 with `` free '' shipping . Not worth returning.It is very hard to find small parts like this . Too bad there is no way to be sure you are getting what you pay for .
 I purchased three of these adapters and all were defective . A plug would only go part-way in - and at an angle ! When I contacted the seller , I just got an email telling me to push the plug in harder . After my second complaint and refund request , I got the same email . It took three emails for me to get my refund.While I did finally get my money back , it was a big waste of time . My lesson ? When you see a bunch of negative reviews , believe them . That many negatives do n't happen by accident or by unhappy people . The negative reviews for this product -LRB- and seller -RRB- are well-deserved . Lesson learned .
 I could n't insert the male ends of the cables inside the coupler . They are cheap and the shipping was free , but still , it 's a rip off !
 This does not fit a 3.5 mm jack so it 's utterly of no value . Since it cost me $ 1.27 it is n't worth sending back I guess , and I 'm just out of luck . Do n't bother to buy it because it is improperly made and I do n't know what you could possibly use it for .
 Wow , I thought I 'd chance it with the negative reviews but got stung . Writing it off as a donation to the seller since sending it back is more of a hasle . When I tried all 4 , the music sounds like Karaoke . I had to pull out the plug slightly on all of them to get the full signal/connection . Very poor construction . Just lousy . Probably made in China . Stay away from these .
 Only produces left channel/mono sound , not stereo . Not sure whether it is the result of the cheap construction , as evidenced by the fact that a standard 3.5 mm plug can not be fully inserted and seems to go in at a slight angle rather than straight . Bottom line
 One end appeared to be functional , but the other was so askew that it was impossible to insert a miniplug . Closer inspection reveals that the inside plastic is split and forcing the inner contacts astray.This coupler also arrived with the two ends mismatched . Neither were gold-colored as the illustration indicates . Some poor chump in a third-world sweatshop is probably just grabbing random parts out of a bin and soldering them together.They also claim to be `` ROHS -LRB- sic -RRB- Compliant '' and have a `` lifetime warranty '' . Since it literally arrived in a plastic bag , it 's not clear how warranty claims can be made , so it 's just another misleading lie to land the sale . As for RoHS compliance , it will be pretty easy to disprove that claim with a lead test swab.All-in-all , a pathetic product from a dishonest company which I can only assume is actually named `` Cables To Go '' . It 's pretty hard to screw up such a simple item , and yet they managed to do so .
 I received a 3.5 mm stereo coupler in the mail that was damaged . I was initially excited while opening my package , but I soon realized that I was unable to insert an extension cable into one side of the coupler . Upon further examining it I noticed that there was a piece of plastic that was wedged inside . I am thoroughly disappointed , and unfortunately at this point it would n't be feasible for me to send it back for a refund because I would loose money on the postage .
 Bought three , of which one worked . Each of the other two connected only one channel - one , the right , the other , the left . Not sure what the point is of manufacturing and selling such junk , but if you need to make the connection , buy several and maybe you 'll be lucky .
 I plugged my headphones in and could only hear out of one ear . Messed with it a little while and now it resides in the bottom of my trash can . Picked up a different one at Radio Shack this weekend and now it works fine . Oh well .
 I bought this coupler to use in conjunction with an extension cable to extend my ir sensor to my set-top box . When plugged in , I received no signal whatsoever . After tinkering with it for several minutes , I looked inside of it to see that the prongs were bent in a way that would n't allow a connection at all . After I bent them into shape I was able to get a signal which made the coupler finally usable . I would n't recommend this if you are not willing to do some work to the coupler . And , like I said in the title , It 's hit and miss . Some say it works fine and some say what I 've said . If you 're worried about that I would not buy this .
 Bought this got it a week later which was great . Setup is a breeze you do n't need a manual to set it up all you need is 2 3.5 mm headphone jacks and boom your ready to go . My unit seems to be defective because it seems like audio is mono which sucks and customer support seems to be non existent .
 I just bought these at Best Buy because I needed female RCAs , which they did n't have . The connection was so bad I could n't even use them and now I have to take them back . I would n't recommend using these , steer clear if you can .
 I only gave the review one star so people would know this does not work with RCA jacks , like thos found on DVD players .
 wo n't accept male plugs . I 'm not sure if I got the one bad one or if this is a regular problem . Fortunately , it is cheap enough for me not to bother to return it .
 Mine did n't work , simple as that , not worth the time or hassle to send it back , just went to radioshack and bought one for 10x the price , but at least it worked .
 Used/broken one delivered in a plastic bag ! When connected , only left channel worked and contact was loos . total junk ! I had to go to Fry 's to get a decent one about the same price after returning this .
 This product did not perform its purpose . This product did not perform its purpose . This product did not perform its purpose .
 I had the same issue as others - only left channel comes out , and it looks like the male connectors ca n't go in all the way , and that may be related . for the cost it 's not worth bothering to return
 The male cables will not insert completely . The best you can expect is mono sound . It is such a piece of junk it is not worth the effort to return it .
 Produces a strange crackling sound when used . Tried with multiple peripherals and had same problem on all of them . Not sure what type of metal is used but not designed to conduct sound properly .
 When I first tried to plug this little guy in , it was so tight I had to ask someone with stronger hands than me to actually plug it in , as I could not get the cables connected . Once they were connected , I could not disconnect them without help.As several other reviewers have said , they allow for only one channel , which means when listening to music , I hear lots of background singers and almost no lead singers . I only paid a dollar , so it 's hard to say it 's not worth the price . But it definitely does not work for listening to music .
 I bought this along with an RCA female to 3.5 mm male adapter so that I could hook my headphones up to my PS3 and play without bothering my cousin or mom.Unlike other reviewers , the jacks did fit into the coupler.But like other reviewers , I only got audio out of the left channel.The black plastic grip was also severely cracked and splitting when I received the item , but I can look past that , since it 's only a problem of aesthetics.It serves its purpose , albeit poorly ; I can play without disturbing the other occupants of my house . Maybe mine is just a defective unit ; I 'll probably buy another later and update this review when I do .
 When I received this coupler it was unable to accept a 3.5 mm plug in either end because it had been poorly assembled . To get it working , I had to bend the internal contacts into the correct position with a needle . It now transmits the signal , but the enclosure is so flimsy and the internals are so badly secured that attached cords need to remain stationary or they will quickly fall out of the plug.I would not consider this item a long-term fix for any situation .
 I purchased two of these ; neither works properly . If I plug both male connectors in fully , I get sound from only the left speaker . If I pull one connector partway out I can get sound out of the left speaker , but also get a huge buzzing sound.I 've tried this every way I can , but can not get clean sound from both speakers . And this is not due to any other cables I am using as I have tested both cables in a direct mode from the amplifier through another test setup . Both cables check out fine . The problem is in this connector.I 'm going to try another brand and vendor . Very frustrating and time wasting .
 does not hold the plug tightly , requires a wrap in electrical tape to keep connected
 This product seems to be designed for MONO connections , contrary to its specifications . Only the left channel functions when this coupler is used . I strongly recommend avoiding this connector if you 're expecting it to support stereo audio . You 'll be disappointed !
 I ordered this STEREO coupler as part of a solution I built to mount and connect my iPhone to my car stereo . Unfortunately , this unit , despite being billed as a stereo connector , was only working for the right channel . I replaced it with one from the local electronics store as it was n't worth dealing with the return .
 Although the product sort of works , it 's totally unreliable . You ca n't just plug in your cables naturally . You have to carefully position the cable inputs in order to get a solid connection . Then , you ca n't touch the coupler or you will disrupt the connection . The plugs will not stay connected . There is no `` click '' from plugging in ; it just loosely holds the cables.One good thing is the unit is cheaply priced.I have contacted the seller about it . Let 's see if a new , actual functional unit is shipped to me . Will update accordingly .
 It works after jiggling it around for 10 minutes to get both speakers to play , connection is very loose and random static every now and then . Bought a different one off amazon that is a lot better . I suggest staying away from this one and either buying a different one online or paying the extra few bucks to buy one locally .
 Maybe ok for stationary use , but tends to cut out if the connecting plugs twist during use with a portable player .
 As another reviewer wrote , this item does not make good connections apparently because it is manufactured to low tolerances . I am returning for a refund and will buy something else of higher quality .
 I do n't understand how something so simple could go so wrong . The problem with this device is that I was n't able to fully plug anything 3.5 mm into it . My headphones would only go halfway in . Same with the Gogrove . This should be a no-brainer . I could hear audio with it half-way plugged in , but they just fall out . I tried pushing very firmly , but nothing would fully enter the connector from either side . I had purchased 4 of these , but I 'm returning all of them .
 DO NOT BUT ITEM HAS LOOSE FIT ON BOTH SIDES AND CONNECTIONS KEEP FALLING OUT ; ONLY HALF OF EACH CONNECTION FITS ON EITHER SIDE ; NOT EVEN WILLING TO TAKE THE TIME TO RETURN THE ITEM AS IT IS NOT WORTH THAT MUCH !
 This product does n't not work very well . Although it does its job , it does n't do it very well . Made from cheap materials and the aux cable does n't even stay correctly . I plugged it into my speakers and only the left side was playing , and if you shifted the cable around the sound would become distorted . Do not buy
 Only outputs sound for one channel of sound via a TRS 3.5 mm plug found on theBelkin Bluetooth Car Hands-Free Kit for Apple iPod , Apple iPhone , BlackBerry , and Android Smartphones , US Version , a product that listed this as a `` Frequently Bought Together '' item . Be warned . Got one from radioshack for $ 6 that worked just fine . The 3.5 plug would n't insert far enough with this product for dual channel output .
 It has a lot of features and functions for the DVD player , but none as a CD player . The instruction booklet does n't even mention the CD playing aspect of the machine . I guess this is understandable since the only thing it will do with CD 's are play them one at a time in forward order . You ca n't program CD 's to play one after another , you ca n't skip to a particular track , you ca n't skip backwards , etc. . I had bought the 5-disc carousel so that I could continuously play CD 's , but this player wo n't do that . It wo n't repeat a CD and you have to press play again to get the next CD to play . I 'm returning this because I really wanted a full featured DVD and CD player . This is only a full featured DVD player .
 I have spent the last four months trying to get my DVD player fixed ! It was still under warranty , stopped working , they could never fix it , then sent me another `` referbished '' one that was also broken ! They want me to start the whole process over again , which I will do just to keep them from getting off the hook , but they are very hard to deal with .
 I bought this unit last summer and initially , I was very happy with it . But , the more and more I use it , the more problems I find with it . The most obvious problem I 've found is the streaking . In scenes where there is repeated , rapid change from dark to light , the player displays colored straks momentarily across the screen . Most noticable during scenes like the scene in `` Aliens '' when the aliems attack the marines in force inside a room lit in red . The gunflashes constrasting against the red light cause the DVD player to render the scene horribly . The whole scene is so marred by these lightning-like color flashes that it is nearly unwatchable.Another noticable problem is it 's susceptability to scratches . My copy of `` seven '' got scratched when I loaned it out to someone -LRB- who BTW , will never borrow my DVDs again -RRB- . The scratches are not bad , but this player rewinds to the beginning of the movie whenever it encounters the scratch . Granted , a scatched disc is not the players fault , but my computer and PS2 can play the disc without interruption . They can also play movies without the streaks . The other problems I 've encountered were minor such as the rather weak remote and confusing interface at times.On the plus side , the unit is very compact and weighs very little , so if you have to move it around alot you wo n't break your back . I also like the selection of connectors you get on the back for the price you pay.If I had the money to buy a DVD player all over again , I would definately consider looking for something else . This players shortcomings are too great to justify buying it when there are superior players available for about the same cost .
 My father purchased the sony DVPNS300 DVD player for my daughter 's 21st BDay at the end of Jan. 2002 . She is in collegeso she used it a total of 6 times . It stopped working when shecame home for Thanksgiving . We did all the troubleshooting onour end including using different dvds and different tvs and different wires . It does not recognize the dvd . I have calledthe store that it was purchased . No luck . I called Sony andwas told I have to send it out to PA and it would cost $ 90.00 plus the S & H charges . I will buy another brand for the same amount of money . We were a Sony family - now I will not buy another Sony product . Also the same dvd player is on sale for $ 90.00 online . It 's not worth it !
 Had this for some time now , and it is fine for retail DVDs and CDs , but you 're going to run into a lot of trouble if you try to play CD-Rs , RWs , or anything non-retail for that matter.Not sure what company would make a DVD/CD player that ca n't play CD-Rs . A super-old Toshiba CD player that existed * before * CD-Rs were a reality played all of the CD-Rs I threw at it . Talk about a reverse step .
 If you try to play a DVD that is anything but pristine out-of-the-wrapper condition , the player is sure to send you back somewhere earlier in the movie . Extremely frustating ! Will never buy Sony again .
 I 've watched a half dozen movies on my new player , and now it wo n't play any of my DVD 's including brand spanking new ones saying that they are dirty . I do n't know what the problem is , but it seems clear to me that this unit has some quality problems . Works good . . When it works .
 Since it 's practically impossible to find VHS tapes anymore , I finally broke down and got a DVD player . So this one was my second DVD player in a two month time period . At first , I bought a Phillips player , which worked on half of one movie and nothing else so I returned it and got a Sony , figuring Sony would be better . Well , this Sony player is better -LRB- hence the extra star -RRB- ... it played a whopping 6 movies before it broke on me . -LRB- the insert area broke after a month and I had to pry it open with a paperclip -RRB- And the 6 showings were n't even that great . I had just bought Planet of the Apes and the player would always shut down at a particular spot of the movie and return to the beginning -- I cold n't even fast forward through the movie . On one of my TV 's the picture would always go from bright to dark , bright to dark.So this time I 'm gonig to dish out the extra $ $ and hopefully get a DVD player that works .
 I bought this model several months ago , but I have not liked it since then . The problem is with available functions . Most DVD players can memorize one or more points on a DVD video program , but this one can not . It is very inconvenient when you want to take out your DVD out of the player and put in a different one . Another problem is that the remote controller does not have number buttons , so you can not jump to a different chapter easily . You need to press arrow buttons several times to enter numbers . That would be terribly inconvenient . Yet another problem is with programming . You can not add a chapter to the program you are making while you are viewing your DVD at the same time . This also causes quite a lot of inconvenience . The only good thing about this DVD player is that it is more or less cheap , though it is not really the cheapest . And it is a SONY .
 This was my first DVD player , and it worked great , had great sound , easy setup , the Noise Reduction really cleaned up the image ... -LRB- now you wonder why I am talking in the past sense -RRB- ... but it stopped working after only two weeks and playing five movies . Whenever I inserted a disc it shut down or told me the disc was dirty . I 'll be taking it back to the shop tomorrow , very disappointed with my first Sony DVD experience .
 in spite of the perfect pictures , we are returning our unit to the store because sony has taken away the ability to play CR-r discs . you may think this is not important until you try to play that `` special mix tape '' from you grandson , or a short run commercial release by your favorite local band.of course this was not an oversight , as the biggest producer of commercial cd 's , sony is trying to make it impossible for you to play anything except their product .
 I bought this stand for my macbook pro because it was advertised to work well with one , and that 's what 's pictured in their marketing material . I 'm dismayed that it did n't work out ... This notebook stand shipped well and appeared slick and sturdy out of the box . It 's plenty heavy and it does give you a sense of security that it will never buckle nor budge under the weight of a seventeen inch macbook pro . In fact , out of the box it looked and felt quite impressive.However upon use , there are a number of problems with this stand . Bad problems.For one , this stand will scratch your $ 2500 + macbook -LRB- mine was about $ 3500 -RRB- ... It 's hard to explain so bear with me . There is a rubberized T shaped bar that 's supposed to prevent the notebook from slipping down the incline . This T-bar is n't welded to the baseplate , it 's * screwed * -LRB- was there a pun there ? -RRB- . In fact there are * two * screws that hold the T-bar in place . The problem is these screws are on the inside of the T-bar facing your notebook . Now , there was an attempt at beveling such that the screws lay flat so they do n't jut out and scratch your PC , but no dice , there was n't enough beveling ! The end result is your laptop will never touch the rubberized T-bar at all but will rather rest on those two jutting screws and of course ... get scratched ! And ? There 's worse . Those two philips screws were stripped and burred by a laborer who does n't know how to use a screwdriver ! My $ 3500 laptop was resting on a series of burs -LRB- ding ! -RRB- rather than that rubberized T-bar ! The darned thing scratch up my $ 3500 notebook!There are other design problems as well ... That T-bar that does n't do anything ? It actually does . It prevents you from opening a shut computer . That 's because you ca n't press that elongated open-button on your macbook anymore because the T is in the way ! Nice design ! But there 's more . That same T-bar also blocks your CD slot ! Imagine you forgetting you have a CD in your your machine and you eject it ... boing!A few other things you should be aware of ... This stand swivels . The slightest touch will send your laptop spinning . And by virtue of the design , it can spin right into your brand new aluminum keyboard -LRB- ding ! -RRB- if you do n't have ample distance between your stand and your keyboard . Personally , I like my keyboard really close to the laptop so the laptop is closer to me . In fact I like my keyboard somewhat underneath my laptop . You ca n't do that with this design . I ended up wedging my l bluetooth keyboard into the stand so it would n't spin and so my machine was closer . The downside to that ? Aluminum against steel . Ding!Obviously , I do n't recommend this stand ! Beware ... Cheers !
 This printer is no frills and does a good job on smooth CDs , however it 's printing on textured CDs is unacceptable . Because the product description does not tell you this I have no choice but to give it 1 star . I bought a stack of 100 blank CDs and also 50 blank DVDs -LRB- I have not received the DVDs yet and hope they are not textured -RRB- and the money I saved by getting this no frills printer has now been wasted.If it were n't for this downfall the printer would be deserving of 4 stars .
 At first I loved this CD printer so much because I thought that what they called a `` ribbon '' would be reusable at least a few times but it was n't the case at all . The ribbon only lasted about 15 CDs and it run to the end . That 's it . The software said `` ribbon ended , replace a new one and print again '' and the ribbons sell for -LSB- $ $ -RSB- plus shipping/handling . I wonder who would pay for such a product ? I made a serious mistake buying it and now I feel so sorry for myself . This is another dirty attempt of printer makers to make money of supplies and ink ribbons and the likes . No wonder they sell printers for less than -LSB- $ $ -RSB- to get users `` hooked '' . Agreeable that supplies will run out at sometimes and the printer manufacturer are entitled to make money that way but not for 15 CDs ! That means after burning a stack of 50 CDs , you 'll need 3 ribbons for -LSB- $ $ -RSB- -LRB- 1/3 of the purchase price -RRB- I admit that the print quality was very good but it 's not worth the money . NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL !
 Not easy to set-up . White printable surface CD just does n't work . Besides broken text printing , the ribbon leaves black smudges on the white surface . I ca n't find many gauzy surface CD type ready available in store to print on this machine . Most CD with some printing already on and slightly textured surface does not work at all .
 I have had nothing but trouble with this lousy machine . It only prints when it wants to , and it does n't want to very often . Stay away !
 It broke the first time I used it and the manufacturer would not replace it because I had used the wrong kind of disc to print on
 This is the second one I 've owned and I gave up trying to repair the first one . After the warranty period , the thing starts to jam part way through the cycle forcing me to take off the bottom -LRB- I now leave the screws out -RRB- and cycle it through by hand to clear it so I can remove the disc and start over . Big PITA but alternative products are way more expensive . Casio should be ashamed for selling this piece of crap . I 've considered modifying it when I have time to operate it manually . Hope their engineers read this and look into it .
 I urge everyone to read N. Caine 's review here . The printed discs look great , but this thing devours ink ribbons . Anyone who calls this an economical solution subscribes to a different theory of economics than I do.This is going back to the store . Maybe Lightscribe is the way to go ??
 Your CD 's must have a smooth surface in order to print properly . If there are any ridges , bumps , lines , or lables on the CD it will not print properly at all . The box does n't mention anything about the surface requirements.If you plan on printin on the top and bottom of the CD you must print on the top , then the drawer will open , and you have to rotate the CD and try to align it properly to print the bottom.When you do get it to print right the quality is marginal at best . Graphics are out of the question . They are horrible!I would not recomend this item at all !
 This printer is overpriced and does the job at a high cost . If you want to spend $ 70 , dig in your piggy bank and get $ 20 more for an Epson printer that makes quality printing on CD 's . This thing is overpriced and it wastes 60 % of the thermal tape . While I was using it I took the tape cartridges apart , rewound them and used them at least twice.If you have money to throw away on an overpriced poor quality device that will eat you up in printer ribbon buy it .
 again i have to say DO NOT BUY WIRES OF ANY KIND FROM AMAZON ! I have no clue wtf it is but so far NO WIRE/S HAVE YET TO WORK .
 Must be crazy to buy at that price seeing that you can get this adapter cable free when buying some fans .
 I did n't order this . It came in a separate package , on a separate day , from a separate shipper , from a company that I have NO knowledge of . The cable is useless .
 The cable can not work in a car or anywhere where you need it to be protected from magnetic interference.If you want a cable that can connect your iPhone/iPod to your car , buy something else . This is worth 1 cent ; not much more .
 Buying cables is not fun , so of course I went the cheap route . After buying a $ 10 white cable at radioshack and having it crap out in under a month I gave little thought to buying `` name brand '' . So I went on Amazon and bought this one since it was el cheapo . Well there is of course a reason why its so cheap . The cable itself worked for about A week before I lost the left audio channel from my devices completely and only by twisting and crimping the cable in such a delicate manner and being carful not to move my iphone was I able to get stereo sound again ha ha . Also the cable rustles and shakes to the point where you can barely here any audio coming through . And of course it now does the glitch where only the low drum of the lyrics and faded beat come through because the cable is failing . Absolute garbage , but not at all surprised . Recently I tried plugging in the iphone once more just for entertainment and now find that the cable emits a shrill buzzing that increases and decreases pitch based on the rpm 's of the car ha ha . It 's actually entertaining how much a of a failure this thing is . I do n't even think the CEO of the company could hang himself with one of this cables without it snapping in half . Avoid this cable and just bite the bullet and buy the last male to male 35mm jack that you 'll ever need .
 Bought from CablesToGo ... they shipped a different cable than this , which is not at all a substitute for this product ; it is not 6 feet , not 3.5 mm , and not a m/m stereo audio cable . but it was black . so that 's one out of four . so I 'm not really sure how to review . Watch out for this store ...
 Cable arrived promptly but was unusable immediately out of the box . If the cable was not perfectly still it made horrible noises and crackling . Would not recommend these cables to anyone
 Used the cable for connecting my Ipod to my car stereo . A lot of static in the cable.The shipment was fast but the quality of the cable is terrible . Spend a few $ more and get a better quality cable . Music is enjoyed the most if the quality of the sound is good .
 At first it works good . I 've owned mine for about 2 weeks and the sound quality is terrible , I need to go buy a new one already . Save yourself some time and just get one that does n't cost $ .01
 Like many of the other reviewers the cable worked fine for awhile , then the audio was n't playing correctly , then not at all . I did like the long cable so that my teenager could control the iPod from the back seat , however it stopped working within a few weeks . I had bought 2 and had the same problem with both of them . I have since bought a cable from a different manufacturer and it works wonderfully . You get what you pay for .
 They broke within a week but I guess that 's what you get when you pay for it under a dollar
 These people r really pathetic they have charged me $ 30 for a $ 1 sterio cable and i hope their buisness goes down in flames
 The company killed 1 sale with 2 duds -LRB- not 2 birds with 1 stone -RRB- . I bought two of these . The first one I unwrapped did n't work out of the box . It was very glitchy and would cut out if I touched it wrong . The sound quality did n't exist , obviously.The second one was better ... for 3 days , then it started doing the same thing . The company offered to replace , but wanted me to ship it and pay for shipping which would cost more than I payed for these . Some deal .
 BAD SOUND QUALITY . ALWAYS HAVE TO ROTATE THE CABLES , ADJUST IT AND THEN THE SOUND COMES TO ALL THE SPEAKERS
 Worked well for 2 weeks , but started to have connection issues . Could n't easily tell where the break was . but had to keep wiggling the wire and the connector for proper audio . Finally gave up and purchased another wire from Radio Shack - much better . This product is not worth the frustration .
 This cable would cut in and out constantly and only after use for one week . I guess that 's what I get for buying a $ 3 cable ...
 this was the worst thing i have bought on amazon . each cord lasted about 2 days they shorted out and after the thired day i could not use them at all
 The sound quality gets scratchy if you move the cord . You ca n't move the cord too much
 I got this to listen to my mp3 player through the car stereo . I just left it in the car and after a few weeks it got a short in it . It might do ok if it 's not in the heat and moved around as much , but I 'm pretty dissapointed . The good thing is it was only $ 5 down the drain .
 only get this if it 's going to stay in one place , not bothered frequently . Easily damaged and rendered nonfunctional if tossed around too much or jerked in and out of ports too much .
 I agree that this cable is not very durable , but if your auxiliary output is in a glove compartment or between seat storage this could be the perfect cable for you . This cable is small enough to fit in a speck -LRB- R -RRB- case , which does not allow for many auxiliary cords to fit in them . I found this cable to be lengthy enough for use in larger cars and reliable enough as long as it is stored correctly . Would definitely recommend this cable.EDIT . Turns out this cord stopped functioning after a few months use . I would certainly not recommend this product . Spend a few extra dollars and get a higher quality AUX cord .
 this cable has terrible sound quality . The sound is garbled and staticy and the cord has to be adjusted to even hear any bass . Contacted the seller and was refunded .
 I recently ordered these and was very disappointed with the sound quality . I contacted the seller concerning the problem and was ignored . It was n't good to recieve a faulty product but the lack of communication and service was horrible . I would n't purchase this item from this seller .
 You get what you pay for with this cord . In other words , this cord is cheap and never worked for me . The sound quality was horrible when I tired to use it in my car . The sound kept on cracking and sounded like I was hearing the music down a tunnel , echoing and never getting the full strength of the sound . Instead I went over to Sears on the same day that I got this cheap cord in the mail and bought a Belkin cord that works great .
 I bought 2 of these cables and both of them have had issues working with the iPhone 3G . The connection is fuzzy at best ; To get it to work I 've need to jiggle the connector or pull it out and push it in many times . This is especially irritating since the iPhone detects whether a cable is unplugged and pauses the music . Not very safe when driving . Stay away , spend a few more $ $ on the Jensen3 .5 MM Mini Extension Cableinstead . I just bought a second one of the Jensen and I threw out the `` Cables To Go '' cable .
 It picks up lots of RF noise.In the digital age where a cable either works or it does n't , it 's easy to forget that analog cables are different . Cheap analog cables sound bad . This one sounds awful .
 I ordered this cable and when I used it -LRB- instead of the other Radio Shack cable I own -RRB- it produced washed out , incomplete audio and constant hum from the subwoofer of my Klipsch IFI system . So it was 5 bucks down the tubes . Maybe it was a fluke . You be the judge .
 I will never buy anything from this company again . This was the worst deal I have ever tried to make . They never sent the product and never answered my emails about it . Amazon lets them get away with treating people like this and allows them to sell on their site . I hold Amazon as responsible as the seller . I will never buy another product from Amazon or go to their site until they stop and ban this seller from their site . i have been waiting on an answer from them . After this all emails and ads from Amazon will go to my spam . I have given them enough time to respond and they are much like this seller so I see why they allow this . Go to Ebay and you will not have this problem .
 The company it came from and the shipping went great . I was pretty happy paying 2.92 for an Aux cable . However , after hooking it up and attempting to use it , I realize why it costs so little.I have constant issues with the sound cutting out on the right side of my car . I play with the cable and it starts back up just fine but it is quite frustrating . For the price I suppose I can not complain too much but I wo n't make the mistake of buying a cheap cable again when I can get a Griffin cable and know it 'll work great .
 The Cables To Go 6ft 3.5 mm M/M Stereo Audio Cable was delivered as promised , on time , and appeared to be in good shape . But the quality of the product is not good . The cable was purchased for use in connecting an MP3 player to the audio jack on a car stereo . After only a couple of weeks , the sound quality started to drop off . We wondered if the connection was bad , so we disconnected and reconnected the plug , but that did n't solve the problem . It turns out that the cable has a break somewhere inside the plastic coating and the only way to get the proper sound quality is to keep moving the cable until it gets to a position where the wires connect . The cable was cheap , so it 's not worth trying to send it back and get a refund .
 I bought this product and , like I said , it began to fail in just a few weeks , about three , I think . I use it to feed input into my computer . The sound goes into one end of this cable sounding clear and comes out like bad radio reception . The outside of the cable seems to be sturdy but clearly the wires , the part that matters , is not well constructed at all.It was cheap , and I use it to record radio static , so I do n't really care , but ultimately this is a piece of junk .
 I bought it to use in my car for connecting my Zune to my car stereo . I was always careful with it , when I was done using it I coiled it up and placed it in my center console . After a couple of months of light use though , it would start playing only out of one speaker or the other , or maybe not either side . I jiggled it around until it made a connection so it would work . But the wires inside the cable were clearly damaged even though the outside of the cable seemed sturdy enough.On the plus side , it was only a few dollars so not much money down the drain . On the negative side , it was only a few dollars so I probably got what I paid for . I 'm now buying a new cable -LRB- from a different manufacturer -RRB- to try again .
 This cable worked okay for while , then the connection started getting a little bad , requiring me to have to twist and bend the cable to get sound from both channels to my stereo . Then after about a year of use the tip of the connector broke clear off in my wife 's iPod , where it is now stuck rendering it unusable . I would warn people against using this cable in case it breaks in their mp3 player . There are much higher quality products out there and this is n't worth the $ 2.50 .
 I use this cable to hook up my mp3 player to my car radio . It gets the job done but I have doubts on how long it will last . The cable tends to pop out when its slightly tugged on and it makes horrible crackling noises when hooked up to my blackberry -LRB- not an issue with other cables -RRB- . Definitely a `` get what you pay for '' type of thing .
 This is the worst product !!! It cuts out every other second . I ca n't believe I wasted my money on this , although it was cheap . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Most likely these will serve you well -LRB- I paid a pittance in addition to no postage costs -RRB- in most `` conventional '' applications . Unfortunately , my applications are apparently no more conventional than their possessor . I want a 3.5 mm audio out from , for example , a Mac Air computer , from an I-Dog , from a pocket-sized iPod speaker , and none of these cables can hack it because the casing -- the plastic `` wrapping '' at the base of the plug -- widens too far to allow the plug complete and full access to the jack on the device serving as your sound source.All you can do is keep ordering more cables with 3.5 mm plugs until you land one that 's small enough to fit snugly in tight places . Since they 're too inexpensive to bother returning , you 're likely to accumulate a mile 's worth of gratuitous cables before obtaining one that fits . At least the Scorsche retractable cable will fit into a few of the devices that are averse to most 3.5 mm cables .
 the panasonic pv-v4524s vcr -LRB- used -RRB- that i purchased thru amazon.com will not record nor play.It could be due to shipping , anyway i already got rid of it .
 I bought this awhile ago and it stopped working about five months later . Kind of tinny sounding as well . If you need a VCR to play the kids movies on or what not , it does the job . Buy the extended warranty probably worth it !
 I bought this cheap vcr in november , 05 . It played great untill february 06 . I used the VCR about 2 hours/day to play tapes . Around february 06 , the playback sound became warped and a tracking band -LRB- about 1 to 2 inches high -RRB- appeared on the bottom of the screen . This happened for every single tape that I tried to play . The warranty on labor is 90 days for this VCR.Panasonic used to make excellent -LRB- expensive -RRB- VCR 's . That time has passed . The only option to get a somewhat decent quality VCR is to buy a JVC with an extended warranty , as their reliabilty record has never been stellar .
 The timer recording DOES N'T WORK about 50 % of the time ! How can I trust it to record a show when I 'm away ? and that 's the whole reason I bought the damn thing ! Also , most of the time it has problems ejecting the tape!Some people say that it 's good for the money ... I think that VCRs are a thing from the past and the prices should be even lower . `` good for the money '' is not an excuse for selling this piece of junk for 60 bucks . I thought that this is going to be the last time I buy a VCR ... now I definately know it 's the last time I buy a Panasonic product !
 Rewinds fast like promise but the head gets dirty too often I did n't have this problem with old JVC vcr what a jip do n't buy this VCR get a Sony or a JVC they work and do n't require so much upkeep gosh what a rip off .
 I bought this item because the price seemed right and I 've own other Panasonic products that are excellent . I will basically confirm one of the other reviews for this product . The playback is bad , except for tapes recorded on this deck . This includes any professionally recorded studio home videos . There was a tracking line towards the bottom of the screen which would not go away even when using the tracking function . I was n't too surprised that it did this with my personally recorded tapes , since they were recorded on an old 2-head VCR . However , when I played a few official studio tapes I was shocked that it displayed the same tracking line with all of them . Now , as the other reviewer pointed out , tapes recorded on this deck play perfectly.I have since returned this VCR and bought the Samsung VR8460 . So far the Samsung works perfectly on all levels . All tapes play perfectly on this deck and it is only a few dollars more than the Panasonic .
 I 've owned several Panasonic VCR 's in the past and have been happy with them . Decided to go with another Panasonic when an old one conked out.This one is a disappointment :1 -RRB- Recording in SLP produced a very grainy picture . SP worked much better , but I rarely use this mode because you ca n't get much on a single tape .2 -RRB- The `` universal '' remote on this model can control fewer TVs than my old Panasonic VCR . The following TV 's were missing from this newer model
 I purchased this VCR less than 6 months ago . The `` supersonic '' rewind was disturbing at first since it definitely sounded as if the VCR was going to launch itself right out of the TV cabinet . Well , after several months of use , the rewind is now `` turtle slow . '' It does n't work . It 's faster to use the Search + Rewind than the regular Rewind . Sounds like it 's crunching through the tape -LRB- the Fast Forward is fine -RRB- . I 've owned VCRs which have lasted me for 10 + years . This is the first Panasonic I 've purchased and since it will cost more to fix it than to buy a new one , it will be the last Panasonic I will purchase .
 i got this on time but it was broken . it was not broken during the shipment . it was packed as broken . the input metal part was skewed . very disappointed but i had no time for return and i fixed it with a nippers and used it . the cable is ok itself .
 Pros : Inexpensive Stereo cable with an excellent length -LRB- 12ft -RRB- . Cons : Creates a high-frequency , low-amplitude humming sound on speakers , possibly due to length and quality -LRB- I strongly doubt my other , high-quality , equipment is responsible -RRB- . The humming sound is always there and the amplitude is constant , but it is only audible at low volumes , personally I can not stand it.My Advise : At lengths over 6ft , spring for a quality cable -LRB- maybe something gold-plated -RRB- unless you do n't mind a little static .
 Very misleading photo . Shows GOLD colored connectors to mislead you into thinking that is what you are getting . That is not a photo of this product . This product has 3 ribs instead of 6 in the photo AND this product is not GOLD AND this product has slightly thinner wire . I wish I did n't buy 4 of these .
 Just because this cable is made by `` cables to go '' does n't mean they are any better than cables that they include with most ipods/mp3 players . For the price you pay , you get nothing but a thin cheap wire . They dont make good connection , crackle when you touch where they are connected . They are so thin that they are prone to pick up interference . If you want something that is in this price range , but better quality go with Rite/AV . Even though the reviews are n't good for them , I never had any problems with them . They are cheaper then the cables to go , and they are much thicker . If you need something shielded and higher end for you car , then I suggest the higher end cables to go or the premium cables made by monoprice . The Monoprice cables are cheap and thick as a piece of rope ... . The cables to go premium or middle end are good , but more expensive than the Monoprice . There is no reason I can give you to purchase these , espically when the Rite AV bottom end cables are cheaper and better quality -LRB- both thicker and make better connections -RRB- Save your money . . these are not an upgrade to the cables that come with your electronic equipment .
 So , I 've had this router for a few months now . It works , but drops connections eg . when using torrents . Also , the router is always in NAT-mode and there is no alternative . Also , setting ANY setting at all requires router reboot.It also claims to support multicast , but really it does n't - the current firmware is broken . So no watching IPTV with this .
 This router did not allow me to upload to certain websites using various ftp software.Tech support was terrible.Also , speed of the router was nothing special.Very dissapointed with this product .
 I 've installed this on 3 pc 's and 1 network printer and have had problem with having to reset it . The resets were for not being able to see other pc 's and loosing connection with network printer internet . I 've had another wired router on these pc 's before and had no reset problem of this magnitude . I 've updated to latest firmware but still problems . I might have return for another router . not happy .
 It took a few hours to learn how to download the latest firm ware for the router and n-draft adapter -LRB- both from d-link -RRB- . The wired connections worked great.The wireless conections worked fine for the B -LRB- add-on D-link notebook adapter -RRB- and G -LRB- built-in adapter -RRB- laptops , but the other 2 laptops that had the N-draft adapters would not work . One n-draft adapter was from dell in a brand-new 1505 , the other n-draft adapter was from DLINK . Scary that the dlink adapter would not connect to the dlink router.Even with all of the security disabled , the N-draft adapters would not connect to the router . With security enabled , and taking all of the right steps to set it up , nothing would connect to the router . It refused to recognize the security key.After being on hold for an hour , Dlink tried to help me . They gave me about 20 minutes of support before dropping the call . Basically , they gave up and said that I should return it.Three weeks ago , I mailed the items to Amazon . It was well within the 30 day window from the date of purchase . I am still waiting for a refund . Why does it take so long?Obviously , I can not give this product a good review . Between the headache of dlink , and the slow response for my refund , this has been a miserable experience.Dell tech support recommends the Netgear N-draft router . Once Amazon refunds me my money , that 's what I 'll buy .
 I bought this hoping for a greater range and was not happy with it . I returned it because every time I used my 2.4 G cordless phone in the house , my internet connection got drop . This is NOT acceptable . D-Link needs to take a lesson in design from Apple .
 I was quite supprised when I opened the shipping box with this item . The DVD-RW media is in a box labeled PRINCO . There is a `` quality assurance '' sticker sealing the box shut . The QA label reads `` CD Technology '' . The packaging indicates quite clearly that these disks are made by PRINCO . Why does this bother me so ? Maybe it has to do with having read so many bad things about PRINCO . I am quite displeased by this ...
 The CD player did not work from day 1 . The songs have `` dead spots '' in them . There is no antenna to raise for better radio reception , either .
 The sound quality is that of a transistor radio.The buttons for the tape recorder do n't even say what they are for . It is much smaller then it appears on the ad . The worth is about $ 5.00 , save your money !
 This is an Audiovox product which will not last long . It has a lot of features that were taken from RCA products , but it does not have the same electronics , which is the heart of the system . You can expect this product to last the life of the warrenty and then some part of it will stop functioning correctly and it will become junk . Do not expect any customer support from the Audiovox `` customer service '' people . You will get mis-directions , excuses , poor response time , and of course RUDENESS from their representatives . I would avoid buying any Audiovox product . It is a shame that GE moved RCA product repair to Audiovox . Excellent products should never be given to under achievers for repair . Remember Audiovox is about the sale of the product and not the customer 's satisfaction with the product .
 sure it seems cheap with lots of features . save your money . the am fm is useless . its the old fashioned wheel , not digital . thats not even the issue though . you can not get stations . even local stations that are 50,000 watts of power dont hardly come in.the cd skips on occassion and the tape looses sound in spots . the stereo sound is akin to a transistor radio.in short , i am throwing it out . its not worth 5 dollars . you get what you pay for . go for something else .
 I ordered my laptop 3/16/06 from HP and customized it with an extra 1Gb of RAM , extra USB ports , 1GB smart card , and an Expansion base . I checked the box on the order form , to send it all at once . Instead they sent everyting separtely , the RAM , the smart card , the ports , and the base all arive separately.The projected shipping date for the laptop was over two weeks from the order date . At the end of the two weeks , I received an email stating they would miss thier shipping date , that the laptop is backordered -LRB- I ordered it from HP ! -RRB- , and I would receive another email if it did n't ship within 10 days . Ten days came and went and I sent an email enquiring about that status . I got a reply that they are `` still experiencing product availability challenges . '' I replied asking when they thought their challenges would be resolved . I got one reply that stating an estimated shipping date of 5/15/06 and a separate reply from someone else at HP with an estimation of 4/27/06 . I replied that I wanted to cancel my order and to receive a reverse charge on my credit card for the parts they already sent and charged me for . I just now received a reply saying my HP account would be credited . I called the 800 number they sent , to find out if this was one in the same as crediting my Credit Card account . I got a representative in Mexico . I had difficulty understanding the rep and asked for an American rep but he said they do n't have American Help representatives . He did assure me that my credit card account would be credited . I ended up buyig a HP Pavillion dv8000 which came with XP Media Center Edition . I do n't mind the OS since it is built on top of XP Pro and I can still use Remote Desktop and do my development work . It is a nice machine and lite and I like the xb2000 Expansion Base . It does hang every now and then and is slow at other times .
 Does not work . You can get it to work if you twist all the cables around , but then it stops working again shortly after . I 'd say do n't waste your money , but it seems that some people are getting cables that work . For less than $ 3 dollars it 's worth a shot , but overall it 's junk .
 We bought this cable , and used it in a very limited manner for 4 days . It started garbling things so badly , it was impossible to use . We then went to Radio Shack and bought one - it works perfectly , and for only 99 cents , I was able to purchase a 3 year warranty . Guess which I 'll buy in the future ????
 I purchased these cables because they were cheap and I thought I would give them a shot . Not a good idea , I should have paid for quality cables . The first few hours they were awesome , but then suddenly they stopped working unless you rotated them in their socket just perfectly , and then they got to a point where they stopped working even then.Half of the sound cut out on them if they were not rotated just perfect on both ends . On the other hand if I connected the 2 items without this in between they were fine , so it was this cable in between that was terrible . I purchased 2 of them and they both were exactly the same . They now are at a point where no sound works at all and the cables were well taken care of by me and are in visibly good condition . They just do n't work . plain and simple . They are also very fragile and very easy to break if not careful.It is unlikely I got 2 lemons out of the 2 I purchased and they both were terrible in the exact same way . Do yourself a favor and pay a bit more for some good cables , otherwise you are throwing money away on these .
 This product does exactly what it claims to do ... it extends my audio by 6 feet . It arrived quick and in perfect condition.However where it fails is the sound . The sound quality is horrible . My music sounds scratchy and tinny . I 've used it for 15 minutes and I 'm already shopping for a new extension .
 I attached it to a microphone , and the cable worked well for a while . After 4 months , it just died . Shame really ...
 Picks up a crackling interference that is impossible to eliminate , no matter how I route the cable . I recommend avoiding this product .
 Unfortunately the male side did not fit well in multiple computers . I have the leave the connection half way out in order to hear music when I use my headsets . Due to the inexpensive price it is not worth trying to return . I would not purchase this product again .
 I bought this to extend my Skull Candy $ 30.00 head phones . The head phones sound pretty good until you add the extension . The sounds quality drops so bad that the cable becomes useless .
 I 'm currently using these as an extension from my headphones to my TV so I can hear it over the sound of my elliptical machine without having to crank the volume . I 've got a decent set of Sony workout headphones that I 've never had any issue with but when I plug them into this extension and then into the headphone jack on the side of the tv , I pick up some static in the background . Seems strange given that the wiring -LRB- or at least the rubber insulation -RRB- is pretty heavy duty . In fact , I 'd actually prefer a less heavy-duty wire as the weight of it tugs on my headphones and I had to find a work-around for it .
 This is VERY CHEAP cable . Here are my complains about it.Pros - It does what it 's supposed to do -LRB- with some trouble -RRB- Cons - Very cheap - Very heavy and thick - You have to fiddle around with the male end , otherwise you 'll get static
 I tried using it with Iphone earbuds . Sound diminished so much I could not use it . Quality looked good though .
 I would have to have the headphone jack in a specific position in order to get full sound to come through . Once you tug on the cord , you will need to swivel the 3.5 mm parts to complete the connection . Other than that , it worked .
 I got a defective one , i can only hear the right side . Need to make try and error adjustments in order to be able to hear both sides . Really disappointed .
 Bought this cable as an extension to plug my phone in . The male end connected to the phone would n't stay tight and kept ` bouncing ' out . Its the second cable I had this problem with so I do n't know if my phone is odd , but the cable I grabbed off the shelf at the store worked fine .
 only used the cable like 5 times and it doesnt work anymore , the jack is all effed up , something as simple as a cable doesnt work . . u guys sell garbage
 I ordered this cable to have an extension of heaphones and it does not fit to the heaphones ... Dont buy this product this is a waste of time and money ... Awful ...
 I order two of these cables and received an empty envelope . I will not order from this provider again .
 Plugged it in , did n't work . Oh . You have to plug it in to the second click . Started listening not stereo . Went to adjust the connection , stereo ! Sat back in my chair -LRB- no pressure on cord -RRB- , mono . Moved again , stereo . Will have to buy a different product from a different company .
 lots lots of noise when plugged in . Leave feedback to the seller but no any response.Throw it away instead of bother returning it.It sucks .
 I purchased this extension cord to listen to music from my PC at work . When I opened the package I discovered that the end that plugs into the PC was bent and the receiving end that the headphones plug into was slightly too large for a 3.5 mm input . The result was that my headphones kept disconnecting from the extension cord whenever I moved . Reading other reviews , this seems to be a common flaw in this product . Shipping back to the seller makes a more expensive purchase than buying the other extension cord available at Amazon . Save yourself time and money , buy the Maxell .
 These cables have some serious problems . I bought four , and they all reverse the left and right channels . How is that even possible if they 're mass produced ? For people who care about the stereo image using headphones , that 's not acceptable . You can always reverse your headphones or ear buds , but you should n't have to.One of them also has intermittent sound in one channel if you move the cable around.So they are not great cables . I get the impression that these are the ones that failed quality control at the factory so they 're unloading them at cost .
 The connections , both at the plug and the jack , are not built to spec and are quite loose in all of the headphone jacks and headphones I 've tried . Any movement of the cable causes the connection points to slip and slide , causing one or both channels to drop out or cause static to be heard.Very disappointing and the cable is going into the garbage because it would cost more than I paid originally to return it .
 wasted .06 cents with this purchase , sound cut out if you even touch the cable the very first time i plugged it in , its six cents for a reason , stay away from this
 This cable is really cheap , but it 's also made really cheaply . I hear this obnoxious static sound when i have no music playing . It 's not noticeable when there 's music playing , but I will definitely a higher quality cable when this cable inevitably breaks .
 This cable is just what I needed ! It 's awesome!There are , however , a few things to note : - Seems to be well-constructed -LRB- only time will tell -RRB- - Little tough to get headphone connector to go in , but no real biggy-Six feet seems to go a little longer than you may think , it 's probably somewhere relative to your height -LRB- I only mention thisbecause I sometimes have a little trouble visualizing length of cables , so I hope this helps others who think the same way -RRB- Over all , I 'm very well pleased . This cable seems to be worth more than a penny , but I 'm not going to argue about that!UPDATE -LRB- 12/12/10 -RRB-
 Audio was so garbled and un-audible that they were unusable . I would n't trust this the slightest . I had to throw these out because it was n't worth the money to ship back .
 The cable arrived pretty quick but the connector started buzzing a stopped working after about two weeks of light use . The cable was very poor quality . Do yourself a favor and get one for way less on monoprice .
 The cable was great when it functioned . It has very tight clearances which makes all of the connections nice and snug.After about 6 months the audio stopped working in the left headphone/speaker rendering it somewhat useless .
 ** MISLEADING PRODUCT DESCRIPTION ** I use headphones all the time , both with my computer setup and my TV setup . Headphone cables are way too short for these uses on their own , so I need extension cables . They tend to go bad rather quickly . When I searched this time I found these supposed 6 foot cables . I figured that would be just about right -LRB- barely -RRB- , as 3 feet is way too short , but the 12 foot cables I 've been using are overkill . So I bought two of them . I just received them and they seemed rather short , so I measured . They are just barely 5 feet , including the length of the plugs on both ends . Not worth returning or complaining for a couple bucks each , but it sure is annoying . So buyer be warned , these are FIVE FOOT CABLES , not six .
 one of the two cables was as expected , the other did n't send stereo through the cable . Tried on two systems and no joy .
 My son hooked this up to his boombug and for a simple cord it was a piece of crap and he wo n't even use it now . If you leave it alone and nothing bumps it it is fine , otherwise if the cord moves a tad you hear a loud static through the speaker . Piece of crap !
 When i recieved them i hooked them up and they were complete crap did not work at all no static fuzz nothing tried reconnnecting nothing i ordered 2 of these and i really regret it now do not buy unless you want some cheap tiedowns for something .
 I bought two of these cables , one to use with my Ipad and one to use with my gaming PC . The first time I used them on either device they worked perfectly . But the second time I tried to use my Ipad the sound was completely gone . Trouble shooting proved the issue to be the extension cable . I tried my PC and discovered it too no longer had sound . Both cables failed after a single use . Do not buy this item .
 The jack is not a 3.5 mm plug . It 's similar but has 4 contact points instead of 3 -LRB- right , left , and common -RRB- . I tired jamming it into a 3.5 mm female , but only getsound from 1 channel . So useless .
 I bought 2 of these to use in office for attending online trainings as my current head set 's wire is too small.I could hardly hear anything with this extension cable.I can not return these items . For returning these items I have to spend more money than I spent to buy them.Amazon should not allow this kind of sellers/products . If they sell this item outside I would n't have bought these . I just believed Amazon and bought these.I know they are very cheap . But they are not working at all .
 Unfortunately , the female side of this cable does n't really connect properly . I found that if I ALMOST unplug my headphones -LRB- and yes , I 've tested it with multiple headphones -RRB- I 'll get sound in both ears and it works fine as long as I do n't have to move around much . If I plug in to the female connector all the way -LRB- the way you SHOULD -RRB- the sound only comes out of one side of the headphones/speakers .
 this thing is crap . from the bat the sound on the headphones it was connected to would go in and out . I had to jiggle it to get it to work properly . but then it stopped playing the right hand side of the headphone . that took 3 months to happen . spend some more money on something that might actually work .
 the item worked well for two weeks , then a connection became loose somewhere in the cable , it is now pretty much unusable . might use it as string .
 I got this cable to allow a longer reach when I need to listen to audio at work . It 's a great length , and does not degrade the sound quality at all . However , the cable showed damage pretty quickly from plugging in and unplugging my headphones . I had to pick up some electrical tape to patch up the exposed wire.EDIT
 Did not work properly at all . The only way I could hear anything was if I moved the headphone jack around a bit , even then the sound was choppy and partial . Really do n't want to go through the hassle of trying to get me money back -LRB- not worth it ! -RRB- but I really do regret this purchase . Waste of time and money , but mostly time .
 This product worked well for about 2 months . As of now , no sound comes from the left side of my headphones once connected to this extension cable . Worked perfectly for two month and with the sub 2 dollar price point , I 'll give it two star . Will not buy from Abacus24-7 anymore though .
 Well the cable is fair , but I have to force a male end and a female end together . So I wouldnt really recommend this item
 Defective cables should not be sold ... 1st , 2nd replacement and 3rd replacement were all defective.Seller blamed it on damage during shipping but sent them out the same way each time ... even though I suggested packing better or putting them in a box . . Do n't waste your time with this product ... . Seller has agreed to a refund of my 2.25 but what a waste of everyones time !!
 Sound does not come out of one side of the headphones that I 'm using . I 've tried multiple connections with different headphones and they all have the same problem - this crappy extension cable that only produces sound to one side . Terrible .
 I guess the old adage , if it seems to good to be true , it probably is . Only one channel works so I just looked at getting a better quality cable .
 I read enough negative reviews on this that I should have known better than to buy it -- I guess I got what I deserved . The male fitting is so loose that I could n't get a good connection unless I held it in a certain position and even then it did n't work very well . The cable is also very thick and not very flexible . I contacted the company about a refund , but I did n't get anywhere with them . It was n't worth the battle for $ 2 bucks , so I gave up and threw it away .
 The cord produces poor audio quality . I took a chance on this cheapo to save $ . The gamble was a waste of money .
 The cable I received does not work properly . The left and right channels are crossed.I noticed this problem when I was watching a movie on my computer , and after some trouble shooting , I discovered that the cable was the problem .
 As some of the other reviews have stated -- the one I got does not fit a 3.5 mm cable , the female end is larger than a 3.5 mm making this pretty useless . It seems 2/3 of these do not have the issue according to these reviews .
 We bought this for our Sansa Fuze and it wo n't play stereo and is very temperamental . The plastic shielding around the end connection was also too big to insert into the music player .
 The female connector portion was a loose fit and took some fiddling to get both ears working . It was annoying , but it was bearable , until the cable completely stopped working out of one of the ears . Overall , just poor quality . The seller on the other hand was excellent .
 Unfortunately , the cable is just not that good . The sound only comes out one speaker on the other end . Initially , it worked properly and after 5 uses , it stopped . It appears that the female end component could made better . The cable is cheap and since I ordered it through Amazon and paid extra for shipping , it did n't get here when I needed it . So , bad experience all the way around . I do NOT expect to have these problems in the future and it was likely just a bad day .
 Sorry very disapointed I only got 280 copies out of my ink cartridge . When I purchased my Cannon 1000 Printer I was told I would get approx . 1000 copies , when I got home and read the manual it said 500 O.K. but I only got 480 . am disapointed
 Normally I have had great success with ordering products through amazon.com . My good luck has run out with the ordering from Barnett 's Online.I ca n't fault their initial customer service response . They did try . The first refurbished cartridge arrived promptly . Problem was that it did not work . I mailed it back as instructed . They sent me a second refurbished cartridge . That did not work either . They promised a third cartridge and a full refund . The third cartridge never came and to date neither has the refund . I know the problem is not with my printer since I am still using my old cartridge even though it 's very low on ink . I will have to find another vendor and hope for the best .
 I ordered and paid for a new cannon ink cartridge . I was sent a refilled viking ink cartridge . Not new ! Not Cannon ! I got less than I paid for . Sent it back and have not recieved credit yet and it 's been over 2 weeks .
 The ink cartridge had been installed for about two weeks when found leaking . Printer is ruined . Forced to buy a new one . Never bought re-manufactured ink cartridges before . Purchased these , Canon BC-02 Black Ink cartridges , because the Canon ink is very difficult to find . Good bye to what had been good printer !
 Decent product however I bought the laptop from BRAVTEK and I got cheated on the deal . He sold me a defective product and refused to fix it . Be careful shopping for laptops and by all means avoid the above vendor .
 I bought two computers on the same day from two different sellers , one was from StarTech and the other from Alpha . Both computers were described identically with one exception ; the one from Alpha advertised the unit included MicroSoft Pro . So I paid more for that unit from Alpha . I received the unit from StarTech and it was great , plugged it in , started right up and looks and works like new . A week later I received the one from Alpha , with paperwork enclosed describing some other computer without internet card or any programs installed as advertised not to mention the unit appeared to have been in a war zone physically , plugged it in and it would n't work . Contacted the seller who immediately offered to sell me an internet card to make the unit work and did not acknowledge the missing programs or the misleading information in the advertisement . I took the unit to a REAL Dell tech who put a wireless card in the unit and found the unit defective . I immediately notified the seller that I believe I must have received the wrong unit by accident that I wanted a good one and I would return this one at my own expense , which I did . The seller was rude , called me a liar and went as far to send emails threatening to keep me from getting a refund for the defective unit . I would NEVER do business with this seller again , his ego is bigger than his brain and he has no people skills . I did receive my refund , thanks to Amazon , I am out the cost of the Dell service call and expense to ship and insure the defective unit , but that is a small price to pay to break all ties with a seller like this one . I am corresponding with Dell right now about this experience .
 I ordered a Dell Inspiron laptop 11/2 years ago and it worked great until recently . The screen went black and the system would not start . Turned out that the video card had failed.I contacted Dell customer support to activate my next business day warranty and after more than a week I have gotten nowhere with them . My claim has been `` escalated '' twice with the same excuses and refusal to fix the problem . They claim they have no video cards in stock and I will have to wait 2-3 weeks for a replacement card , 2-3 weeks for a loaner system , or 2-3 weeks for a replacement system -- basically my NEXT DAY warranty is anything but.I explained that this is a mission critical system and a 2-3 week delay is unacceptable given the high price I paid for the next day warranty . I offered to take another make or model of graphics card and even offered to go buy the card myself if the agreed to pay for it.They refused to help in any way . So , I am left with a useless laptop for 2-3 weeks until it becomes convenient for them to honor the warranty . I will never buy another Dell product again and recommend that others who are not technically experienced with fixing computers or that need a `` mission critical '' system that they look elsewhere because Dell can not be relied upon to fix broken systems in a timely manner .
 I put up with my first Dell Latitude D600 for about a year before finally just throwing it away . After maybe 3 months of owning it , at least 6 of the keys fell off , the battery stopped working , and I was not able to pick up wireless connections . It died three times during the time period that I owned it , and after replacing the hard drive twice and the fan once , I realized that it just was n't worth trying to `` fix '' anymore.Unfortunately , I received the exact same model of laptop as a gift after my previous one died . This confirmed my belief that this model is an absolute piece of crap . I have owned it less than a year , and the battery does not work , the power cord falls out all the time , a key has fallen off , and I have already had it sent off twice for repairs on the hard drive . Recently , it physically fell into two pieces ; the screen just detached from the keyboard and now it 's utterly useless and will not turn on.I handled these laptops responsibly . They always sat either on my desk or on my lap and I never took them out of my home . I used them mostly for surfing the net and photo-editing , rarely downloaded anything , and did not clog it up with loads of pictures and music -LRB- it could only handle about 10 folders of music before being completely full anyway -RRB- . If you want a laptop that falls apart and constantly breaks from normal use , then this is the one for you .
 do not order from these guys this is the worst company to do business with i ordered a laptop from them took 3 months to get it when i got it it was a defective piece of crap the drive didnt work and a week later the screen went bad returned it and never got it back not even a refund if i was amazon i would be ashamed to do business with computer and parts to this day i still havent got my laptop its been almost 6 months so beware
 We bought this for our daughter who 's going to college this summer . It was to have all the bells and whistles so nothing was needed ... She opened on christmas morning and could n't connet to the internet , could n't listen to music and could n't watch a dvd . We will now have to pay just as much to get it up to speed as it was to buy the computer in the first place . Very sad considering it took all we had to get this for her ! One income house hold and 6 kds to buy for , getting a laptop at a discount was a dream and as dreams do , they disappear .
 I am totaly dissatisfied by the product recently purchased . The discreption was given about the product on the web is n't much after I purchased it . I purchased the laptop for my brother lives in Africa , so I sent the laptop to him as soon as I received . he said the laptop does n't work at all . I used to trust Amazon very well . I purchased many products before , everything was accurate . If I had the product with me , I would have returned . I advised the company to put the correct information about the product to avoid lose of customer.Thanks , Mulugeta Damamo
 This laptop was supposed to be a Christmas present for my 10 yr old . It did n't work fully for the disc drive did n't work and the video card was outdated . I ended up having to buy a new one for my son , and donated this laptop to St Vincent DePaul of Tucson . I am very dissatisfied for my son was devastated . I feel that something should be done for me because of this ! Tyvm
 Seems to lockup a lot.And has since day one.Thats it.Dont know why you need to fill in so many words to fill this out
 i have not recived it yet i have been waiting on it i was wonder where was it i have not got nothing yet
 i have used amazon many times and have never had the issues i have had when i bought this laptop . the screen is messed up dont have the right battery cord and still a week later i still have yet to recieve the right cord keep getting the run around that its on its way . and refuses to give me a refund . i dont recommend buying from them again .
 It took two weeks longer than planned to get the computer delivered and I have always had problems with it
 I bought this laptop refurbished 3 weeks ago and the other day it just quit . I cant even get it to come on . Took it to a PC DR and he said it was installed with a faulty CRAPPY windows CD and the reboot was completely taken out when refurbished . Dell is a good brand but the people that I got mine from are rip offs .
 slow , , battery does not charge so you have to keep it plugged in and you ca n't up grade the system at all but hey you get what you pay for
 Well , we -LRB- my wife and I -RRB- had a good thought to get our daughter a laptop for Christmas . After we ordered it in the end of November it still never made it to our house and today is December 28 . Maybe a good product , however we still do n't have it.Now try to explain why ...
 This is one of the worst laptops ever made . Its a tempting price but not worth the hassle afterwords . First you should know that Dell came out with several more models later because this one had major hardware issues . The internal on-board ethernet/wifi chip or card will go bad in a few months , the signal would get shorter and shorter . There 's a major battery chip problem as well which was supposedly fixed in later models . Hard drive problems , audio problems ... horrible.Just stay away , buy anything else but this .
 HORRIBLE works good when you first get it but after a month dosnt even work , cant boot cant turn on have the time . It also runs VERY SLOW.AND DO NOT BUY THIS LAPTOP EVER .
 This computer sucks , the dvd drive does not work , I had to buy a special internet card plus an ethernet cable to get the internet to work , It does not have wifi and now the computer wont even turn on , it flashes a blue screen then keeps starting over . It does this repeatedly . I tried to have someone fix it , but it would not even open in safe mode .
 Did n't realize until avg was installed that it was missing standard drivers.Slow moving . Overall not crazy about it . But it is an older laptop .
 this laptop i had problems with when i bought it and i tryed to get it fixed and my power button and motherboad were both broken
 7 day guarantee , 8th day did n't work . Very unhappy would not recommend .
 Its not a bad laptop at all , my only disapointment is that it wont play dvd 's , a file or program is missing . This was a letdown because I take long bus trips and wanted various ways to spend my time.It was a low price , In a way I wish I would have waited and got a more up to date laptop , but hey its still new to me.It is rather sluggish at times , it could have something to do with hot spots.I think I was exspecting more , but hey it was only $ 240.00 and it is 6 yrs oldat the time I was desperate , and you get what you pay for.one good thing it arrived fast , and I was able to track it .
 The laptop that I was sold in general is fine . However , -LRB- as maybe is typical for Dell computers -RRB- , there is a huge EMF that is puts out ; horrible for health -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . I in paticular have a GI health problem that it makes much worse.The seller . I asked for a refund . No reply -LRB- after some days now -RRB- . I would not buy from this person in the future .
 I recently received this laptop and I thought I would like it a lot . It comes with everything it says it would , but then I discovered the battery life is horrible . It only lasts about 5 minutes and then says that it needs to be recharged . Apparently it has a slot for an extra battery , but I had hoped that the battery I received would work ... . I would not order from this company again . It was not a pleasant purchase-return experience at all , and the re-stocking fee is ridiculous . They do not believe in full refunds for a product they were responsible for ensuring customer satisfaction . I was not satisfied at all .
 What a piece of crap from laptop4u . A rebuilt dell latitude D610 . The charging system stopped working and is now dead . I should have read the 7 day warrenty notice but I guessed i missed it for I would not have gotten the computer knowing that . I will never buy anything from this company again . It must be run out of a storage room.Dell Latitude D610-1 .73 Laptop Wireless Computer -LRB- Refurbished -RRB- Good luck to all the others who got one there.d
 The product is not working good . Backspace key is missing . I 'm very surprised about this matter . How you can sell a bad product to a customer . I am very desapointed . I already send the product back and i 'm waitting for my reemboursment include the cost of the shipping i already spend .
 I ordered this product 3 weeks before Christmas and even though it says it was shipped I never received it ! I have sent several emails inquiring about this and have received no response !
 I have filed a claim against you for FULL reimbursement . Laptop NEVER received and ordered over a month ago . Will not do business with you again .
 This Laptop was worthless for the day I got it . everything was erased on it to make it look good . it already had a virus when I got it . very slow . I was suppose to send it back to the seller at my expense . it was expensive enough for a used worthless laptop and on top of that I was going to spend more money sending it back with no guarentee that I was going to have another .
 We purchased a used dell laptop on 11/27/10 for 204.00 and all we had was trouble with it . It was covered with scatches & dents , the mouse did n't work properly , the screen was so dim you could hardly see what your working on.So I ran the recovery disk that was provided to fix the problem 's and the computer froze up solid.My 14 year old daughter was then without a christmas gift . I just do n't think it is fair that this happened.Anyway I scrambled into action and purchased a new acer netbook for her as this was all I could afford.It was n't what she wanted so her xmass was wrecked!To top it off i 've yet to recieve a refund & i 'm stuck with a spare battery & cable for 30 bucks.Thats a total of 234.00 . With the 300 I spent + 234 I lost I could have made her day.Instead I was the rat.I will never buy from discount 18 again.Robert Fletcher
 First off , very poor packing in that it was in a flimsy box ... with ... crumpled up brown paper.Second , seller restores all his second hand computers with Windows xp service pack 3 . Well that is great , seriously great . The down side is ... he ships it with a windows xp service pack 2 recovery disk ! Leads to a lot of potential problems . Basically as soon as you get the computer , restore it with your XP SP2 cd . The thing is !!!! First download all your drivers online to a thumb drive or cd if possible , or else ... your done for . Don ; t know what I am talking about ? Then never buy one of these!Used computers in general are not for the computer beginner to intermediate , a serious background in knowledge is needed for some of the subtler things that come up unexpected . I 'm talking about more than just inserting a disk . Especially if you are going to add office , or other software , or even have to type in a foreign language . Take my advice , don ; t buy from him UNLESS YOU ARE VERY very very good with computers and troubleshooting them . Serious , this is not an angry review to `` ruin '' him , it 's the facts and good advice , I hope you will take and avoid lost time and money , most importantly stress.Now thirdly ... cd drive worked the first evening I got the computer . Next day , running my software fine and ... * chirp * * slow scan * * chirp * * dead silence ... ok the drive went dead !!! So ... I go and buy an external dvd/cd drive , another $ 60 . What was a seemingly fair deal turned out to just be , `` you get what you pay for '' . A little suspect that the drive works for a few hours and then dies . Not making accusations that he is a crook , however he does have to make a profit somewhere . Sold me junk , I could have got off a popular auction site for about $ 30 , I thought Amazon would have some integrity as it is sold through them ... guess I was wrong . Buyer beware.Overall would rather buy from someone else , however , with some tweaking and a lot of know how , this being the second day , I think I have things worked out . All this seller does is buy used laptops off the internet , set them up with an SP3 back-up disk he has and ship them out to you ... for better or for worse ...
 I have not received this Laptop yet and want my Money back NOW !!!! I have been using Amazon.com for years but this is the first time I have not gotten my Item . If I do not have my money back on my Visa you will be having leagle actions taken !! Walterene Morgan
 This was the worst computer I have ever boughten ! I could n't configurate it on the day I bought it . It was SO FRAGILE . The DVD drive was broken and looked like it had been glued together . If you tilted it the drive would fall out ! The screen cracked the next day when I sat it `` gently '' on the table . Im so displeased with this computer . I 'm not even going to return it , for fear that someone will glue it together and sell it to another innocent consumer . Very poor quality . I might report this site to YahooNews so that the world can know that it is a SCAM . You can keep your measly $ 200 , Amazon .
 Do n't waste your time spend a hundred dollars more for a much better machine.They sent a recovery disk without a product key.You would do better to build your own with parts of other machines than to buy from these people.I will never make apurchase with them , again
 My laptop arrived with obvious signs of use , a non-functioning AC adapter , and no frills whatsoever ... such as installation disks or user manuals . All you get is the laptop and a power cable -LRB- that did n't work , in my case -RRB- . It was cheap , though .
 This was a Christmas present for my daughter and needless to say when she opened it up on Christmas morning the product did not work.Both she and i were very disappointed . I contacted the seller that very day and they were gracious enough to call back immeditaley . However . . i got stuck paying for the shipping on the return for them to fix!Well my daughter has the laptop back and she still is not happy . Its very outdated , no updates were made at all and i have to spend more money now to get these updates in place.I would not buy from this seller ever again .
 I order a $ 153 . oo computer from this company on Dec 2 , they took my money from my account . It is Jan 2 and I have yet to recieve my computer . They have also changed their company name from 5 Stars llc . to Radaration since I sent my first email . BEWARE !
 I 'm not that satisfied with this purchase . The best thing I can say is that the laptop works , and that 's about it . I knew that I was buying used , but I expected it to be in a better condition than it is . The screen is loose and wobbles constantly , I have to keep it plugged in because the battery falls out at times with no warning . I 've had to resort to tapeing it in . It constantly runs slow and the internet shuts down . I have registry repair and AVG detection installed but it does no good , so internet surfing is horrible . I 've had to uninstall and reinstall higher windows versions to see if that will help , but it does n't appear to be doing any good . I would say you get what you pay for , but even in this case I could have found a used computer that 's doing better than this one is . I would have sent it back to the sender , but i 'm in desperate need of a laptop for online classes and work since my last one broke , and I do n't have the time to wait for a new one to arrive or the money to buy a different one while waiting for a refund .
 The computer bought ... came defective . The keyboard does not work type signs rare and do not serve the numbers.Since the keyboard could not write , to with lowercase uppercase type.I went the technician to repair , but I have not managed to solve the problem.Very bad purchase ... bad ... poor .
 This may be a good product . I do n't know , because it came to me inopt & the seller refused to make it right . After several months pleading about service , lying & refusing to help , I finally gave up ! Took an INOPT laptop -LRB- sold refurbished , in good shape -RRB- & put it in the shop.Sold by costomstechnology , the worst people to do business with.I would just like to know how this can be legal & how places like this can stay in business . Furthermore , look for reviews with BBB . Think before you buy !!!!!
 I 'm not pleased at all , laptop shuts of every 5minutes . Now I have to spend additional $ 15.00 to ship it back I 'm dissapointed . I want my $ $ $ back .
 Since I have n't received the product , it is difficult for me to review it . This is a problem with the seller , obviously , rather than the laptop itself .
 I have yet to received this product , I have written to both amazon and the company and have yet to received this product . It was a christmas gift for my granddaughter and she has been out of a gift because of this order . My next step is to report this incident to the better business bureau to see if I can either get my product or my money . They have left me no choice .
 I paid for a 1.6 ghz laptop but recieved a 585 mhz laptop and no restore cd was enclosed as promised .
 I bought this product from a seller on here in Feb. 2010 , and I have to say I hate it ! There were several problems , first the laptop I was sent the first time was defective . The battery would not hold a charge and the actual computer would not run on the power cord . Second , I was sent a whole new laptop , quickly , I might add , and the charger for the laptop was a different brand and would not work with the computer I purchased . So instead of waiting for a new one , I just went and bought one from walmart . No big deal . After that the only problem I had was that the pointer moves on its own all the time and gets frozen in certain places , then it takes forever for it to come back . It happens a lot when I type . Now the main problem I am having , which is a big problem !! The computer is falling apart , I literally had to glue a few parts together !! No joke ! Sometimes parts just pop right off ! So in closing , if it looks to good to be true , it most likely is !! Pay another hundred bucks and buy something that will last , instead of buying something cheap that will fall apart in no time !!
 my son 's Christmas ruined because of you Where is my COMPUTER I will not give you guys a good review until you give me my laptop !!! PRONTO !!!
 all of the webs i go to facebook ' ebay so on ' it wo n't let you on them '' it well say unsafe web not knew web '
 I got this computer for Christmas and it is horrible . My keys are popping off and the computer is super slow and freezes up all the time . Do not buy this computer at all . I wish that I new how this computer was going to turn out because if I was the one who bought it I would have not purchased this at all . This computer is out of day and it will delete things as well . An sometimes I can not turn it on . Also , I have to leave it charged up because the person who I got this from sold my a crappy battery . So I will be looking for a new computer and it will not be one like this .
 SO EXCITED TO BE ABLE TO SEND THIS AS A GIFT AND IT WORKED MAYBE AN HOUR AND DIED ... THEIR GOING TO REPLACE IT OR THE BATTERY OR WHATEVER IT IS WHICH IAM PLEASED ... BUT I JUST WISH IT WOULD HAVE WORKED ... I BOUGHT IT AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY DAUGHTER SHE WAS SO SURPRISED ... WELL ANY WAY HOPEFULLY SHE GETS IT RETURNED IN TIME BEFORE THE WARRANTY DIES ...
 Dell Latitude D620-1 .66 Laptop Wireless Computer -LRB- Refurbished -RRB- I got this computer from Tampa Laptops thru Amazon.Well dont let the stars fool you after a month the computer quit working and i talked to Tampa Laptops and we had to send it back another $ 50 . down the drain well another month and it is not working and they want even talk to me on the phone after i told them who i was i got the i will call you back and they never did !!! So FYI Do not buy a computer from them and buy the way i did not know about Amazon A-Z where you could file a claim untill now and that is what i found out A-Z out of luck !!!!! Save your money and buy one from Walmart !! You will be better off !!! And by the way i tried to take back the feedback that i gave them after ten days and Amazon want let me do that so i am doing this review to help someone !!!!
 I WAS ON MY DELL D600 -LRB- 1.6 GHZ , 40 GB HARD DRIVE , DVD/CD-RW -RRB- YESTERDAY AND A BIRD CAME OUT OF NOWHERE AND FLEW AWAY WITH IT .
 The panasonic ty-fb8hm is the only HDMI board that will work on the panasonicTH50-PH9 This is absolutely crazy . We spend a ton of money on this TV and have to go for your lungs because it has becoming outdated.People are extoring money out of individuals who do n't know they can order this part from the panasonic site for -LSB- ... -RSB- plus shipping . Even that is to much . The new replacement boards for the 10 are much less . This part should n't be more then -LSB- ... -RSB- dollars . Especially after putting out top dollar for the Monitor . Panasonic should step in and do something about this .
 Whatever excellent features this polarizer has were totally ruined by the fact that the lens cap would not fit onto the lens , once this polarizer is in place . I use Nikon lenses , and all of them have circular polarizers , and admittedly most are Nikon polarizers , and all will allow the lens cap to fit over them . After 28 years using polarizers on all my lenses I had yet to run across one which would not accept the lens cap . Which means that a person has to remove the polarizer to replace the lens cap ... . not amusing out in the field , or anywhere for that matter . The attributes of the thing seem excellent - appearance , construction , optical quality , value - all good . But not accepting the lens cap is a deal breaker for me . If you only use a polarizer occasionally , I suppose you would n't be bothered by this , but I keep them attached to my lenses nearly 100 % of the time .
 I tried every possible way to make this splitter work and I have been unsuccessful . It works with my ps3 sometimes and with my high def cable box I get sound and no picture . I thought it was the cable at first so i spent $ 100 bucks on sony 1.3 compliant high speed hdmi cables and still the same result . I am in the process of trying to get a refund !
 This unit seems to continue to have problems.I tried plugging in a HD Directv Device , Xbox360 , and a Blue-Ray Player.Unit can not even output Video or Audio with the basic home menus for all devices.I would most strongly suggest you move on to other devices . Sure they may cost much more , but at LEAST they will work!I am in the process to try to return this device.Will probably be considering the following to replace this piece of crap.Octava 5 x 1 HDMI Switch - V1 .3 Full 1080P with Deep Color SupportSure it is more expensive , but my time is worth a LOT more than saving a few bucks for hours of trying to make this work .
 I 've been living with this product for about 8 months now and it works great most of the time . In my system I have an Apple TV , Comcast Cable Box and up-converting DVD player . Since my TV has only one HDMI port I routed these devices through the HDMI switcher then to my TV . From my TV I have digital audio out going to my receiver . I use a Logitech Harmony programmable remote to turn on and off all my device and it works great with this box.Now for the negatives .1 -RRB- Occasionally when switching to Cable TV or DVD the unit does n't recognize the signal change and the light for that port blinks red and green . This is usually remedied by switching to my Apple TV , letting it get recognized , then switching back .2 -RRB- In addition ... very rarely audio will not work with a certain device/port . This has happened 3 or 4 times since I 've owned the device . It takes switching around a few things and turning things on and off again to get this working . Audio seems to have totally stopped working for my dvd player , so I had to route digital audio from my dvd player directly to the receiver -LRB- instead of going through the HDMI cable and out from my TV -RRB- .3 -RRB- Finally some devices only seem to work on port 5 . My Apple TV only seems to work on port 5 and I 've read the same for PS3 units.Despite this unit being low priced and generally working well I can not recommend something with this many flaws for a home theater set up . It 's frustrating when it fails and even though I know how to work around the failures ... my in laws , wife and kids etc. . . do not have the debugging skills . I 'm going to try another hdmi switcher -LRB- with the apple tv form factor -RRB- and see how that goes .
 This HDMI switch is flaky . I knew it was a bad sign when the enclosed manual specifies that the DC power supply must provide 2A of current , but the supply that was included only supplies 0.5 A. :-LRB- That 's just the beginning.My PC 's HDMI output does not work 95 % of the time through the switch . The switch will convert the signal into an odd static pattern , with no discernible image or sound . The other 5 % of the time , it works perfectly . Works perfectly 100 % of the time when the PC is plugged directly into the TV . I tried replacing all cables , to no avail . It 's definitely the switch.My Xbox360 HDMI output is flaky when used through the switch . Sometimes the video becomes horribly garbled after it 's been working properly for a while . When that happens , the only solution is to power cycle the Xbox360 . Very annoying.My Oppo DVD player and PlayStation 3 work reliably with the switch , so it 's not a total loss . Also , the remote is nice . But when half my devices wo n't work with the switch , there is something wrong with the switch.It makes me wonder if the switch would work right if I found a 2A power supply , like the manual requires . I do n't have one lying around , and I do n't want to have to buy one , so I 'll probably never know .
 I have one of these and while it works very reliably for some things -LRB- Motorola cable box and Roku box -RRB- , it very reliably FAILS to work with my Toshiba HD-A2 HD-DVD player and my Oppo 981 DVD player . Symptom is picture appears for a few seconds as the DVD player turns on ... then nothing.Called Monoprice -LRB- on line chat -RRB- and their answer was `` sometimes things work and sometimes they do n't '' . Wow!Great customer support .
 Seems to work but slowwwww in switching from port to port manually . If you use the remote then its fine
 I bought this with the hope that it would make it convenient to switch from my HD_DVD , Blu-ray , and upconvert dvd player , that did n't happen . The only thing swtching thru my Onkyo A/V Receiver is the the unpconvert dvd player.Tried connecting the output from the switch directly to the TV , that works , but now I have to rerig all the audio outputs of the DVD Players thru to the receiver to get sound thru my A/V unit completely defeating the purpose of 1 HDMI cable carrying the audio and video thru the switch . If all you are doing is connecting devices dirctly to your tv , then this is switch is ok , but if you really want to be able to hook up all your units thru a Audio Video Receiver and get the audio-video fidelity promised by HDMI , then this is not the switch to buy.Finally , I tried to give this unit a zero rating , but Amazon does n't allow that .
 So here 's how this switch does not work with a Tivo DVR : HDMI switch detects Tivo Series 3 DVR after switching from another source , and promptly about 10 seconds later the switch acts as if the Tivo is not currently active . And the HDMI switch continues to do this as many times as a person wants to repeat the process , selecting the input for said DVR . In other words , if you start to watch your Tivo , ten seconds later your video/sound turns off.The only way to keep the Tivo source active is to unplug the power cord in the back of the switch , and plug it back in again . Switch to any other connected HDMI device and then back to Tivo and the behavior I 've described above comes back 100 % of the time.This one 's going back . If the switch worked correctly , the 5 HDMI inputs would be a great deal . -LRB- Presently , I 'm looking at the Oppo HDMI switch . Future expansion is on my mind , and that one has fewer HDMI ports . -RRB- Why two stars for the Monoprice switch instead of one ? It is possible that this switch works just fine for some people 's equipment . But a Tivo is a pretty standard chunk of hardware for many people . Gamble on this one knowing you might need to send it back . -LRB- Equipment in the mix
 I had to return this twice due to HDCP compatibility issues . Maybe it was just a bad batch , but it was an absolute nightmare getting this to work with my setup . It 'll be fine for DVD players , Tivos , etc. , but if you have HDCP hardware like a PS3 , you may run into problems like I did .
 The remote control is not as pictured . It is a deception . It is the same remote as pictured with other similar products . Immediately broke.Do not be deceived The seller of this product has no morals Other reviewers must all work for this shameless company .
 Device seemed to work well and then began spurious switching between inputs . Device was advertised as IR from a remote control but it seemed thatany noise emitted from a dog 's chain or just unloading the dishwasher and it would switch the input resulting in loss of program being watched.Finally disconnected it and have n't tried using it again .
 The CD Carousel allows you to organize and retrieve disks from your collection , and does so adequately . Construction of the product left me a little nervous about the lifespan of plastic gears and weak drive motors ; time will tell if I 'm justified in that concern.The software was horrible running on Windows XP Professional SP3 . After manually typing the titles of about 30 CD 's it began throwing errors , and refused to close . Closing it at that point even gave the Task Manager a little trouble . The machine must be attached to the computer to even run the software , and the program continued to throw errors even after closing and restarting . It also fails to deliver on it 's promise to retrieve information from the internet . If I had seen the program first I would not have bothered to install it . If you buy this product just type your list in a word processor , spreadsheet , or even notepad ; you 'll be much happier with the results.As a standalone repository for your CD collection , the Carousel is adequate . I ca n't honestly rate it any better than that .
 Ordered two units , neither work . Neither are recognized properly by Windows XP , and the computer can not boot if they are plugged into the USB port.Large cases , could be a bit slimmer , and the top of the case can not be opened to quickly stock the case or remove a disc in case of unit failure .
 my computer wo n't recognize this item without a driver installed , and i ca n't install drivers because my computer wo n't recognize it . it knows something is on the usb bus but needs drivers to recognize it . the manufacture 's web site was no help . the software refuses to run until the unit is recognized by the computer . the power is on and a good usb cable is installed , but it still wo n't run . i guess i can still use it to store my cd 's and dvd 's , but the database sure would be handy .
 Alright , when I first got the headphones 4 months ago , I loved them and have ever since . Great sound , absolutely great . But then one evening , the left headphone cut out . I had n't been using them roughly either . Perhaps a problem with weak components ?
 I am a radio dj and also spin on the weekends , and was in need of a good replacement pair for my sony headphones . I saw these in a whole bunch of magazines and websites and ordered them . Cool style , good reviews . These headphones are not good at all . Muddy sound , followed with light distortion if you turn them up to get over crowd noise . I am returning them and would not suggest these headphones to anyone who needs good sound in and outside of the studio .
 So , I bought this protective case for my ipod and seems very sturdy . I have not tried it to see if it works when it rains , yet , but do n't want to take my chances if that 's possible . The downside of the product is that it can not be used for workouts at the gym which is the only reason why I bought an ipod in the first place . There is no way to reach the hold buttom , and I have to open the case to turn it on and off , and that 's becoming a hassle when going to the gym . The other problem is , since I had to leave the ipod without the `` hold '' buttom off after my workout , I ca n't see wether the ipod is still playing or not and ca n't see if it has been turned off . The ipod is very sensitive and can turn itself on just by the wheel touching anything -LRB- in this case it was the seat or my car -RRB- . So my ipod got discharged . I think this is a good product but do n't recommend it if you use it to go and do your workouts with it indoors .
 This product does keep moisture out , but it renders the ipod so huge and clunky that I can not wear it on my arm or carry it easily .
 This is not a Brother item . The ad ends with By Brother and it 's not true . It 's a cheap generic and bad knock off . Like another person stated - it prints streaks down the page and is worthless for any nice kind of quality job . I do n't buy the generic ink because I 've had trouble and should not have purchased this . What a waste .
 The copies are not crisp . The sheet comes out dotted with spots . . Kind of greyed out . The copies are very unprofessional looking.We will not rebuy.I guess the official Brother Drum is required to get acceptable results.Oh well , thats what you get for cutting corners ...
 This is a total piece of junk . Pages are spoiled by ugly vertical lines just like the worn out one . You might just as well flush your money down the toilet . Spend the extra and buy the real one from Brother . Bad , junk , rip-off , scam , etc are all accurate descriptions of this ultra-low quality product .
 bought 2 of these , and neither of them worked . ended up having to go get a new printer . not worth the money .
 the sound come out way to quite , you can only hear it well if your in a sound-proof room , and hold you breath so that there is no noise .
 I have had exactly the same experience . I get 10-15 pages per * expensive * ink tank , if I 'm lucky . I take most of my printing to the local library , rather than pay approximately $ 1.00 per page at home to print anything out .
 I only get about 10-15 copies per ink tank on this one . I do n't use it often , but at least twice a month for 10 copies each . It 's happened three times now . I 'm thinking `` what a worthless piece of junk . ''
 Within a day of use I noticed one or two cuts in the plastic coating , exposing the wires within . By the third day I noticed a third cut . Most curious . So anyway I spent some time taping these cuts/exposures . But over the next few days another 5 or 6 more cuts appeared . Today -LRB- 7 days after I first opened the package -RRB- I got so annoyed that I stopped using it . The sound is still working perfectly fine but I doubt it will last much longer what with extended stretches of the wire exposed .
 These earphones were a real pain in the ... ear . While the sound quality was pretty good -LRB- surprisingly full bass for buds -RRB- , i.e. definitely better than the stock white buds that come with your ipod , they were simply too uncomfortable to use . After purchasing a pair of Sennheiser HD-555 -LRB- HIGHLY recommend -RRB- , I 've come to associate Sennheiser with not just superb quality but putting serious thought into form and comfort as well . The MX51 was a serious letdown . With the foam pads , the buds fit ... ok at best , -LRB- a little bit too snug for me -RRB- , but the sound quality is much better with the pads . Unfortunately the foam pads fall off very easily and I lost them within a couple weeks . Without the foam pads , the buds dig into my ear , particularly the black rubber/plastic ring around the front of the buds . Thus , I find I can only wear them for maybe 10 minutes at a time before I notice that my ears are in pain and have a ring shaped indentation in them . Ouchies .
 Bought these as a replacement for my iPod headphones that came with my 3rd gen Nano.The Sennheisers just plain hurt . The buds are bigger than the iPod buds . They have a hard plastic bump that irritated my ear canal . A few minutes into a 45-minute run I yanked them out . Ow!I ran back to the car and went right to Target to pick up a pair of iPod buds . They sounded just as good as the Sennheisers but were a ton more comfortable . -LRB- Sure I like nice audio - I run a Denon receiver at home with B&W ; speakers . To my ears the iPod phones are good enough . -RRB-
 I bought these thinking they 'd be a better alternative to the IPOD headphones . Truth is , now I have more respect for the little white earbuds that shipped with my IPOD nano video.These sennheisers do n't live up to the name , and appear weak in every aspect of sound compared to the standard issue ipods.Also , the buds on the sennheisers are slightly larger than those on the ipods . . so they do n't fit in my ear as well .
 No me duraron m&aacute;s de 3 meses . Y s&oacute;lo los compr&eacute; porque son Sennheiser . Pero deben ser los peores de toda la categor&iacute;a .
 I 've owned these earbuds for about 6 months for use with my ipod . I 've been pleased with the sound quality but the plastic/rubber around the earbud wire is pretty much falling apart -LRB- some areas are totally bare -RRB- . Sennheiser offers a lengthy warranty -LRB- 2 years -RRB- but I still recommend staying away .
 The set that I received had some noise coming from some wiring problems . I sent it back . I do n't know if it happened that I received a defect or if this product has problems acroos the board .
 This is the second camera I have purchased from Olympus that has broken down soon after the warranty expired . The camera itself is great for beginers , even if it 's a bit bulky . The quality of the pics is great ! Alas , it saddens me to see the quality of this once great company deteriorate to the point that their products seize to work a few weeks/months after their warranty expires ... Yes , there are lemons out there , but two cameras ? What are the chanses of that ? The first Olympus camera that failed on me was the C4000 , when a week after the warranty expired the flash died on me . At least I got a good year more with that model -LRB- even if I was confined to day shots -RRB- ... now , the 770 has totally died on me ... it seems like the microchip/bar controlling the off-playback-auto-movie modes has malfunctioned on me as it is only turning off and into playback mode -LRB- even on camera/video mode -RRB- ... no use sending it back to the factory as I do n't have any warranty and y' all know how much they charge for repairs on digital cameras . So , if you do buy Olympus , get the extended warranty!Nothing left to use but upgrate ... this time i 'm getting the darn extended warranty ... oh , and yes , I went for the Sony Alpha 100 ... . first dive into dSLR ... ca n't wait to get the lenses this week to test it all out ... more on that later .
 PROS : - Lithium battery - 4 MegapixelsCONS : - Olympus is not a good brand honestly , -LRB- get Canon or Sony -RRB- - HUGE ! This is NOT a portable camera ! - Looks bad - Bad controls -LRB- 4 way switches -RRB- - So much more better cameras out there on the market!If you want a hulky camera like this I suggest the new Sony Cybershot DSC V1 , which looks better , is easier to use , and is more solidly made.But anyway , if you are the average person looking for a camera to simply get your everyday enjoyances , I suggest a good , compact Point and Shoot camera . Not a big bulky one like this Olympus which is n't that special .
 This camera has a problem.It 's not for people like you and me , people who simply want to take pictures when we need to .
 I had this camera for years it has been a good camera but they do n't make storage media -LRB- smart media card -RRB- for it anymore ... to buy a storage card is quite costly now nearly 400 times what new media storage is going for . Do n't buy it !!!
 If you 're reading this because you 're considering purchasing this camera , my advice is DO N'T ... there are much better cameras available for the money . I have owned this camera for about 8 months now , and though it does take good pictures , sharp and clear , it does have a lot of drawbacks ... 1 -RRB- The lens cap falls off continuously , and it is just quite frankly , almost impossible to keep it on .2 -RRB- The shutter delay makes catching the exact shot you want almost impossible , I 've used this in concerts and by the time the shutter snaps , the moment is gone . For me , it is really SLOW .3 -RRB- The red eye reduction simply does not reduce red eye . This camera seems actually worse for having red eye than some cheaper point and shoot cameras .4 -RRB- It is not the most intuitive camera I 've had . I owned a Kodak 3400 before this , and it was much more intuitive . Olympus spends more time in the instructions telling you how to attach the lens cover cap to the camera than they spend telling you how the menus work .5 -RRB- The software that comes with the camera is specific to Olympus cameras only , and you must purchase additional software -LRB- from Olympus -RRB- upgrading to Camedia Master Pro software IF you wish to email any of the photos you take . I thought this was a big ripoff . And the photos you download into the software are locked within that software and are not easily transferred into the My Pictures on your C drive . In other words , it is pretty lousy software , though to be fair , it is easy to browse your photos in it and the editing feature is easy to use . But the red eye reduction tool is simply useless , and believe me , you need it with the pix you take on this camera!The camera is very light and uses rechargeable batteries , and the battery life is good . I simply hoped for more , because I paid over $ 350 for this camera new , with an additional SmartMedia card , which you will definitely need , because the 16MB that comes with it is not enough.The viewing screen becomes easily smudged , and you will find yourself wiping it after every photo , esp . if you wear any makeup at all.This is my review , but I felt compelled to write it so others might not make the mistake I did . I 'm looking to upgrade already to something better , with more optical zoom esp . The optical zoom this one comes with is so inadeqate , though you are able to zoom and crop the photos without too much loss of image quality .
 Exactly 1 year and 1 month after purchasing this camera , the flash stopped working . The warranty expires after one year , so I took the camera in to a local shop . They said that the problem was in the CPU of the camera and they would have to send the camera back to Olympus.Fine , except Olypus charges $ 250 to fix the camera !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Can you believe it !??!?! I 'm OUTRAGED !
 My parents gave me this camera five years ago when my daughter was born . Not having any real experience with cameras , I am just now learning to use the manual settings on it . Even so , I have taken some studio quality images using just the auto settings , but the images do n't print well any larger than about a 5X7 . My two biggest complaints are the lag time between pressing the button and the shot actually being taken , and the lens cover . I really liked the way my 35 mm had a lens cover that opened automatically when the camera was turned on , since about half the time , even after 5 years , I forget to take it off . My parents specifically bought a camera that had a viewfinder , but I must say I never use it.However , I have decided I need to upgrade for more pixels . I would not recommend this camera to anyone , especially for the price I see here , because the newer cameras are better and cheaper .
 I bought this just over a year ago . During the first tax season with my small business , I had to take it in for service , as it would not copy all of the sheets fed into it . There were always pages missing . A local service ` fixed ' the machine and it still did not work properly . The hardware is made so cheaply , when I open and close the door on the ink cartridge it sound like I am breaking it . The machine squeaks when the sheets are being fed thru the top feed . It constantly misfeeds , jams -LRB- especially when printing envelopes -RRB- , and now the ink is so incredibly dark with streaks on the printed/copied pages - it is horrible . Do n't waste your money .
 they are just cheap plastic . they come with worthless screws to . i broke two of the screws putting the together around the capacitor . they fit around it just fine and were flush before i tried to put any screws in . i had to get some different screws and drill one of the holes out a bit to make it work .
 I read some good reviews of this product and was very adamant to try it.I received them and was very dissapointed with the initial sound of them . Almost at par with the basic iPod headphones , but there is some static , which becomes rather annoying . Also , only having them now for a few weeks , the chord is already frayed at the bottom ! Causing reduced play quality . The only good thing about these is the comfort . You can wear them for hours without aching at all , but it is definitely not worth the 42 dollars spent after shipping and handling !
 I love these headphones - they are super comfy and stay put on my ears . I do n't like the in-ear style that most headphones now have , finding the feeling of having something inside my ear canal to be uncomfortable . These headphones are great because they sit outside the ear canal but still seal nicely , blocking out external noise.The only problem is durability - I am on my second pair . They have a tendency to weaken at the headphone jack allowing the rubber wire jacket to come loose exposing the wires to fraying and eventualy loss of connection . My first pair broke here after a bit over a year and shortly after stopped working . My second pair is split here after even less time . I have put some electrical tape over the section where the cable goes into the 3.5 jack in hopes of it not breaking but fear the worst . -LRB- I had n't considered superglue as one of the reviewers said -RRB- . Eitherway I wish Brookstone or their supplier would make these more durable as they 'd be perfect then.Update
 These earbuds were terrible . The earbuds that come with your IPod are easily as good as this product . When I tried to return them , Brookstone refused to take them back -LRB- considered a `` personal item '' -RRB- and claimed the policy is written on the item 's packaging and bill of shipping ... where it clearly is not written on either!Thank God for Amazon 's A-Z Guarantee . I filed my claim with Amazon and they refunded me within a few days . I 've always been a loyal Amazon customer , but the attention to customer service has won me over anew !
 These headphones are absolutely , without a doubt the very worst headphones I 've ever had the displeasure of purchasing or wearing . I 've purchased headphones at target for 9 dollars that were much better . They are uncomfortable , i had to take them off after ten min it was so bad , the sound quality is terrible and it starts cracking if there is any bass in the song what so ever . Do not buy headphones .
 I bought my printer/copier less than a month ago and it came with a BCI-21 Black and BCI-21 Color ink tank . I have not been using the machine that much yet and while I was copying a few pages which required black ink , suddenly the black prints just were not showing . I have not even printed more than 100 pages since I got my printer . I still have color ink coming out but black is missing in my pages .
 This LCD TV has a very nice picture . It has a good range in the dark grays and the colors are very pleasing , especially with HD content . I have only used this TV with the DVI input direct from a Comcast -LRB- Motorola -RRB- cable box . It is on my desk about 36 '' away from my eyeballs . So , considering my extremely close viewing distance , this TV does have a far better than average picture . I ca n't rate the speakers , because I 've never used them.Ever since I first hooked up the TV , about once per month or so , the TV 's picture would randomly go to black while watching TV . It would n't give the `` No Signal '' error message or anything ... just a black screen . I would have to turn the set off and then turn it back on again to get the picture back -LRB- which takes about 10 seconds total -RRB- . I had this same experience with two different cable boxes that each had no problems with other TV 's I own that have a DVI input . By the way , the TV sounds a strange , descending electronic chime whenever you turn it off . And whenever you turn it on it plays a similar but ascending electronic chime . It 's kind of annoying and unprecedented . I never really minded the chimes , but still find it to be very odd . Perhaps this behavior is more common for electronics in other continents -LRB- ? -RRB- . Anyway , exactly one year and 18 days after I purchased this set , two things have suddenly and inexplicably gone wrong with the TV . First , the DVI input will only show a picture for about two senconds and then invariably goes black . This now happens every time , consistently , without fail , making the DVI input essentially useless . Very sad . I tried switching to every standard resolution that the cable box could output -LRB- 480i , 480p , 720p and 1080i -RRB- , all with the same results . ALSO , whenever I now press the `` Menu '' button on the remote or the TV itself , the menu attempts to display , but the menu graphics are so garbled , slanted and messed up that the TV 's internal menu is totally unusable . The component input still seems to work fine . And I use the cable box for tuning . I can still use this set with the component input and that still looks great . But I 'm not feeling very secure in this panel 's reliability . I paid about $ 90 per month to own this TV before it had these problems . And taking it somewhere to be repaired is probably not worth it for me.So I , therefore would recommend that you look elsewhere for an LCD TV in this size . Even a different model Samsung with high ratings would be better than this one . Samsung does make some very , very good panels . I have 3 different Samsung computer monitors in my home -LRB- 19 '' , 21.3 '' , and 24 '' -RRB- and they all look and operate as well as the first day I bought them -- the smaller ones years ago . My unscientific theory , based only on my own experiences , is that this particular model of LCD TV has some reliability and performance problems with its internal electronics . The panel itself is fine , but the `` boards '' that the inputs attach to are faulty somehow , especially where the digital -LRB- DVI -RRB- input is concerned .
 I just ca n't get these drivers to work on XP ! I have contacted Creative a days ago still ... no answer ! I wish that they would be able to get me a driver quickly ! A driver that works !
 I bought this camera and my first impression was good . But when I started shooting pictures it changed inmediately . The flash does n't work constantly -LRB- when it 's on like it should -RRB- just whenever it wants to , the pictures turn to be all dark and blurry except when you take them out in the sunlight . The photo quality is very poor . So I would not recommend this camera for shooting outer pictures . For a web cam is ok . It works but it also needs a lot of light arround so you can see yourself clearly . I consider this product a loss of money but if you want to try it , go ahead , prove it by yourself .
 I am a grandmother who bought this item FIRST from Amazon for my granddaughter . The cd player did not work . Returned it and asked for a new one . DID NOT get a new one . form you , after a loooong time , and several contacts from me about a replacement , you sent the money instead . I try to order it again . . now you were out of that one . I had to buy the item from another vendor through AMAZON , MUCH MORE expensive . That machine worked for a week , after that a BAD noice is in the background of the CDs playing , and the karaokee DOES NOT WORK AT ALL , which was the main reason that I bought this particular one . ALAS ... after one week there is NO POSSIBILITY to return the item to your vendor . So . . my granddaugter is stuck with a BAD MACHINE that I payed a lot for . If you can do anything about this , I would be very happy , I asked for a replacement item from you , but you just refunded the money , if you had sent the item instead as I asked , this would not have happened . Sincerely HE
 Product works but only after a lot of trial and error . Some issues include : * You can not plug a turntable directly into the unit . The VU meters will indicate a signal but you can not adjust the input or record volume and the recording will be inaudible . I had to run the turn table through an old receiver and use the tape out . * The software included will prompt you that it will replace your old Nero 5 with the Nero 6 `` Suite '' . What it does n't tell you is that deletes all old Nero software and only installs the one program
 After spending hours trying to get the ADS Tech Instant Music to work , I called the ADS Tech phone line , only to get an answering machine . Frustrated , I finally took the kit and my computer to my local computer shop , where I shelled out another $ 45 for the guy to tell me that the audio quality through the box provided with Instant Music allowed too much static and was n't as good as plugging the LP/cassette audio into what I already had on my computer . To their credit , the ADS Tech people eventually called back a few days later , but I doubt whether they would have been of much assistance , as they immediately referred me to the FAQ on their website , which I had already seen .
 You will discover after installing the software for this unit that you can save MP3 files only 30 times . After that you get a message saying that you need to purchase a Nero mp3PRO encoder plugin . If you go to Nero 's site there is no sign of such software . But even if there was , what kind of company is this ADS to advertise a product that supposedly can digitize analog audio and save it in MP3 format , but only a limited number of times and not tell the customer before he buys . There was no mention of this limitation on the package . I called product support and they emailed me a document that supposedly would circumvent this problem . Unfortunately it did not work . I called back and they told me that the software that came with my unit -LRB- version 1.3 -RRB- was defective , but they would not send me corrected software because I was unable to FAX to them a sales receipt proving that I legitimately purchased the product . What kind of company is this who treats their customers with such suspicion ? And besides , I do n't have a FAX machine . I am just a private individual , not a company . You 'd think that just the fact that I am calling their product support number complaining about this problem would be proof enough that I own the product . Besides , they are the ones who should be treated with suspicion for marketing a product with defective software that expires after only 30 uses . Enraged , I threw the product in the garbage .
 First of all , there are no instructions on how to connect with the computer to transfer LP 's . Secondly , the software that comes with it expires within 30 days . Thirdly , the sofware did n't work and the only way to possibly get it to work is to buy the upgrade .
 ADS Tech RDX-150-EF Instant MusicPoor product , no response from tech support , will not capture audio signal via the usb connection , still must use a mic to capture your audio . I do not recommend this product , it wo n't perform as advertised
 I bought the RDX-150 because the description said for PC and Mac ! This is very misleading because this item includes software for PC only , Spin It Again . The Box is no good without software . Now I have to go and buy Roxio or Garage Band for Mac . What I should have ordered was the RDX-151-EF .
 While this product worked , it did exactly what I need to do , which was transfer my cassette tapes to digital media on my computer . I did , however , have to spend a lot of money on software because the access code that came with the CD Spin Doctor , which you need in order to use the hardware , did not work -LRB- Of course technical support was not helpful -RRB- . After about 6 months , it started making this horrible , loud static noise that completely distorted the sound and made it unbearable - even painful - to listen to . It works sometimes , but I have to restart recording whenever the static problem occurs , and that seems to occur every 10 minutes or so , so it is VERY frustrating . At first I thought it was a problem with my stereo player , but I unplugged the hardware and allowed the stereo to play on its own , and it was perfect . I tried using other cassette players , but the same thing happened . This is unacceptable for a product that has such a high price tag !
 I just got this as a gift , and after spending two hours trying to get it to work properly , I 've looked it up on Amazon to find tons of people have had no problem with this product . I 'm rather tech-savvy , and after two hours I still could not get this thing to do what it should . First of all , the enclosed software -LRB- Nero -RRB- is NOT compatable with Vista , so I had to download what turned out to be an updated trial version of the software , which did NOT allow for direct-to . wav or . mp3 ripping as promised . The only option I got was to burn to CD , and if I wanted to do that I could just use my component CD burner . I read on here that Audacity is a great alternative to the crappy Nero software , so I downloaded that and it did n't even recognize the sound input from this device . With Nero , I was able to get the software to recognize the sound input , but even with the ground wire included , I got a MASSIVE amount of feedback . So , I moved my computer and turntable to another location and got the feedback reduced , but the sound levels were very , very low - and again , I could only rip to CD , not the advertised MP3 or WAV format . I 'm now terribly frustrated and having the product sent back .
 One thing they do n't tell you is that this device will NOT handle direct input from a turntable . It requires a pre-amp . If you have all your stereo and computer gear in the same room , that will be okay . But if you do n't -LRB- like me -RRB- , forget it.There is absolutely nothing in the documentation or the ADStech Web site that tells you this . I did a search of product reviews and finally found one that said , `` Oh , by the way ... `` I 'm not about to lug my desktop/monitor/kb / mouse to another floor every time I have a chance to record an album . And I 'm certainly not going to tear apart my entertainment center to drag my sound system to the computer . This product is getting returned .
 This thing wo n't work on Window 's Vista and the company does n't offer a solution . It was a waste of my money . I should have done more research , I guess . That 's why I 'm leaving this review . Buyer beware !
 This unit was fine when it was new , but in a few months , output from SPDIF -LRB- optical jack -RRB- as well as from the RCA jacks became noisy.I have never been able to make the SPDIF input work.It gets one star for the few weeks it partially worked when it was new.If all you want is to get audio into your PC/Mac , try Griffin Technology products like the iMic , or for 5.1 Surround sound output , the FireWave.This ADS unit was a nice idea but really did n't deliver for me . I consider it not worth even the price of shipping , let alone the actual cost .
 I originally reviewed this product quite favorably . When I first got it , it did everything I expected it to do , and was easy to set up and use . However , I have since had to upgrade to a new computer with Windows Vista , and that seems to be the end of the road for me and this device.The software provided with the device , which I bought in December 2006 , would NOT run under Windows Vista . The vendor , a German company called Nero , has a new version that will run under Vista , but neither ADS Tech nor Nero has been willing to provide me with an upgrade to that version , which I would expect to be free . ADS Tech emailed me to say Nero would provide that upgrade at no charge , but Nero said no.It does n't appear to matter . ADS Tech claims the device itself is Vista compatible , but I 've tried it with the trial version of the new Nero software and the signal is coming through to my PC horribly distorted . I have my doubts as to the box 's actual compatibility with Vista.I give up . I am not pleased .
 I 've been through two of these so far , and only the first one worked , for about half an hour . It worked very well , but then suddenly relapsed into a weak , extremely noisy signal . -LRB- Yes , the source was still good . -RRB- The S/PDIF I/Os are a nifty feature , though not ones that I can currently use . The included software is an unusually irritating subset of Nero 6 , and documentation of the unit itself is minimal . I know when to cut my losses . Next up
 The MyGuide 3050 is a budget GPS and the cost cutting shows . While the unit looks nice and features are good , the errors are constant and uncorrectable.IMPORTANT
 Somehow this item got tagged ` Kindle ' and now there are discussions here and there on its usefulness . Hopefully the ` Kindle ' tag will be removed at some point . Until then , those wanting to use this little light with the Kindle , be aware that the USB end of it must go into a USB port . Therefore , it can not be plugged in to the Kindle directly . How else you plan to use it is up to you , of course . That is all . : - -RRB-
 I bought this USB light for my Gateway NV53A notebook . It 's easy enough to use , but hardly bright enough to illuminate the entire keyboard , even in areas with no light at all.The flexible neck is sturdy and well made . The light is actually way too dim , it would have been nice to adjust the brightness .
 I am so frustrated using this product . First of all , I had to go online to update the software then the movie software would freeze up on me . The quality of transfering the video tapes to dvd was terrible . It was just a big waste of money . I even tried to ask for help ... got nowhere ... the support was just not there . After working on it for over ten hours , I learned my lesson and that is to read reviews and opinions of products from customers before purchasing new items .
 I 'm sure this is a great lens but it was absolutely worthless for what I wanted to use it for . The focal point is soooo small and even with a good tripod you still get a good amount of camera shake or blur in the picture . I know a macro lens is often talked about when taking pictures of bugs and what not but I am a fossil dealer and was hoping to take crips pictures of specific areas on a fossil -LRB- ie . a potential undisclosed repair or restoration -RRB- but you have to be very far away and your subject has to be very very very small -LRB- ie . an ant -RRB- for this lens to be useful . If you want to take a picture of the eyeball of a wasp from far away ... then yes , this might be the lens for you . If for instance your a coin collector and you want to take a crips shot of a 1821 penny ... its not going to happen with this lens . You would need to place the penny on the driveway and you and your camera , with the tripod , would need to get on the roof of your house , and even then ... you 'd have a very difficult time getting this thing to focus on the entire shot.I read lots of reviews that talked about how great this lens is before shelling out the cash ... and I am sure it is ... but you have to be buying it for its sole intented purpose -LRB- taking pictures from far away of bugs -RRB- and do n't go outside that purpose expecting it to work . Am I a professional photographer and a camera and lens expert ? No , but I do take approx . 10,000 pictures per week x 10 years and you begin to pick up on things just with experience.This is a review based on how the lens performed for my intented purposes . I am not giving the lens a 2 rating ... just my experience with it . Hope this helps others who were perhaps hoping to use this lens for something besides taking pictures of bugs and small flowers . Kind regards , Garry
 I bought this for my car to put on the dash of my 300 . As soon as I took the backing off the edges curled up . I hoped with time it would lay down flat . Almost a month later and I 'm still waiting . No matter the shape of the surface , it will NOT lay flat , so the ends curl up and it looks horrible . If you are going to buy one of these , buy a thicker one - do not buy this one unless you do n't care how it looks on the dash . As far as how well it works , it 's fine . If you put something on it , the item will not move . I would not buy this again . I will be looking for something thicker soon .
 I bought this lens in December 2007 and just start to use it from this March . The picture quality is good but needs a lot of light and contrast for the AF to work.In June , during an outing , one of the element -LRB- glass -RRB- fell out of it 's holding socket and the lens would not retract to below 1:3 . Since I bought this lens in gray market , so that there 's no warranty . I just open the lens and fix it myself , works fine.However , the story did not end there . Just yesterday , during some test shots at home , the lens would not focus and the motor is trying but could not move . I switch to Manual but the focusing ring would not stay at M mode and I can turn the ring freely and it wo n't adjust the focus -LRB- in AF mode , the ring supposed to have resistence from the motor gear and you should not try to adjust manually -RRB- . If you are thinking of buying this lens , make sure to buy it with warranty or better yet extended warranty .
 My husband and I bought this system as our first try at a Home Theatre System . I 'm not particular about speaker size or volume capabilities , unlike my husband . Needless to say , 800W of power for under $ 300 appealed to both of us . We bought this system in May ' 04 . It worked great ... for a few months . Then it stopped playing our DVD-Rs and DVDs . We brought it to the local repair shop and it took over two weeks for Panasonic to `` diagnose '' the problem and replace the laser/tray . Mind you , we had tried the online troubleshooting method -- completely worthless . And , we called customer support -- completely worthless . Unfortunately , here we are about 6 months after replacing the tray , and its not playing our DVDs again . I 'm fed up . My 10 month old is frustrated becuase Mommy ca n't let him watch Baby Einstein and my husband is about to smash this crap system into a million pieces . So , long story short -- do n't waste your time with this system , spend the extra money and get a quality system from Sony or JVC ... that 's what I 'm going to do .
 I bought a HT700 two years ago and initially I liked it , played great . After 2 years it stoped playing all music CDs . Both mp3 and original audio CDs . Couple of months after that , it stopped playing 50 % of blockbuster DVDs . I have a 5 year old $ 75 samsung player , that still plays great all kind of stuff . I do n't think it 's just the problem with this one panasonic system . It 's all of Panasonic . It 's just a piece of low quality stuff . They are just trying to sell to american market this piece of junk . Never buy any panasonic anymore unless you want keep buying every two years !! . - A disappointed customer
 This piece of junk failed within the first week . I sent it to a Panasonic Repair Center and after 3 weeks they could n't repair it and now I have to sent it to the East Coast . I spent $ 300 for a product that not even the PANASONIC repair center can repair !!! Their warranty is worth absolutely nothing !!! STAY AWAY FROM PANASONIC ! THIS PRODUCT IS ABSOLUTE JUNK . IT IS SO BAD THAT PANASONIC REPAIR CENTERS CAN NOT REPAIR IT !!!!
 I agree with all the reviewers below . This equipment looks great on paper . You seem to get great features for the money . But just like other people , the system we bought showed problems playing some DVDs ~ 8months after opening the box . It would play only some DVDs and music CDs . And after a year , it does n't play anything at all.The sound is not that great as they tell you either . Ok , if you stand at a specific distance from your speakers , and you place them so that they ALL face you ... Then you hear ok . But just move a few centimeters from this blessed spot and it does n't sound better than my laptop speakers . And you ca n't understand dialogues unless you push the volume to the point that all my neighbors can tell I am watching a movie.Don ' t waste your money and time with this piece of crap .
 This system has several design flaws . One is the remote control design - intermittent at best . Another is the tray design . It misaligns itself , and scrapes up the disks inside . Do not buy this product . Panasonic needs to go back to the drawing board on this one . This really should have 0 stars , but that was not an option . A waste of time here .
 PROS
 Well , to start with , the first one I brought home , the CD/DVD tray would not open and I had to take it back and exchange it for a new one . All seemed to be going well until I realized that it is not playing my TV programs in surround sound . I tried everything I could think of and I ca n't fix the problem . The manual is very difficult to use . It gives you a million little buttons to push on the remote which makes a million different things pop up in one or more of several possible display areas . It is nice that it tells you what button makes what thing pop up on the screen but very little to no explaination of how that function is supposed to enhance your listening experience . There is NO area of the manual that addresses difficulties with the TV sound . I 'm calling Panasonic tomorrow and if they ca n't figure it out , I 'm taking the piece of junk back
 You buy this , to charge your Creative mp3 right?An mp3 which charges through usb.Well , any normal usb charger can do the job ! you 're paying to much money for this!Zip - Linq AC Wall Plug to 5V USB Adapter-is one example for a thing that does the exact same job for less money . -LRB- serch in amazon its here -RRB- so dont waste your money on this just cause it looks nice
 I will need to return . Installed next to original - wont boot . Installed instead of original - wont boot . Switched slots wont boot . Take out boots fine .
 Well , I bought the PowerPad 160 -LRB- not cheap , those things are like $ 400 -RRB- last fall . Last month the thing went dead . It would not charge at all . So I called customer service , and was told that they 'll give me an exchange after I send in the proof of purchase . By the way , customer service over there = 1 person -LRB- Michael -RRB- . So I did , and nothing happened for days . Called back , apparently whoever received the proof of purchase never informed customer service . Finally , their RMA department -LRB- possibly the same person -RRB- , according to Michael , gave the exchange approval and told me RMA number is on the way . So I wait for another week ... nothing . Called back , apparently there 's another communication breakdown . No one bothered to call or email the RMA number and instruction . By the way , they do n't ever return your calls . So leaving messages is pointless , you 'll just have to keep calling . So I got the instruction over the phone , and was told that they will ship out a brand new replacement unit the day after the old unit is received . So I overnighted my old unit . Almost another week went by , nothing came . So I called again for the tracking number . This guy told me
 Several years ago I bought Typing Tutor 7 for my daughter . She used it on our Mac and learned how to type , but she had to endure the numerous crashes it caused . Later we bought a PC , and foolishly ordered Typing Tutor 10 thinking that surely a program as faulty as the previous Typing Tutor could n't stay on the market . We were wrong . We installed the program and my son signed in and tried to get started . The comuter crashed twice in the first 15 minutes and we uninstalled the program and vowed never to buy another Typing Tutor program again !
 I specifically bought this item to work on my dvorak keyboard unfortunettally it turns out that it has no support for it . Oh well it was only $ 4.00 very cheap
 This set started shutting itself off intermittently a week after I bought it . When the repairman came , however , it worked perfectly . Then 5 months later it started shutting itself off as soon as it was powered on , and this time the repair is costing $ 225 - for a set that 's less than 6 months old !
 ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ... my LCD TV blew out 2 months after purchasing it and I sent it back to the company and its been over a month and half that I have n't gotten a replacement TV back as it was promised to me and as it was covered under the warranty ... they DO NOT reply to your calls ... even if you call them up , you are on hold for about 30 minutes ... if you get through them , they will put you on hold again and will tell you that they have to get back to you on this matter and that they will call you back within a day ... YOU WILL NEVER GET A CALL BACK ... so after 4 days passes bye , you call them up again and guess what ??? ... same story ... `` WE WILL HAVE TO CALL YOU BACK ON THIS MATTER '' ... for the last 3-4 weeks , calling them has become a part of my daily routine ... i 've even left a voice mail on the surpervisor 's line but NEVER got a call back ... the customer serivce representative change their stories real fast and come up with an excuse like `` oh we are waiting on replacement acessories cable '' ... so i told them that i dont want those RCA cables or any other cables that it comes with ... just send it to me with a remote only ... and guess what ?? they are back to their original line that they are very well trained for `` WE WILL HAVE TO CALL YOU BACK ON THIS MATTER '' ... IF I DO N'T GET A CALL FROM THEM IN THE NEXT DAY OR TWO , I AM TAKING THIS MATTER LEGALLY AND NEXT TIME THEY WILL HEAR FROM MY LAWYERS.EVERYONE OUT THERE , I WOULD RECOMMEND NOT TO BUY THIS PRODUCT OR ANY OTHER PRODUCT FROM GOVIDEO EVEN IF ITS A COAXIAL CABLE
 I developed hardware for an international company and I know the value of a Design Verification Test . It looks like the SOHO KVM was conceived by a desk jockey , thrown together and shipped with the thought of `` let 's try our luck '' . Sometimes you get lucky . Not this time . I have to add this KVM to my list of great disappointments and considering I use Belkin HW for my WLAN I am amazed that they ship such junk to the marketplace.I had the Belkin `` simple '' version of KVM w/cables attached and it failed after one year - kept switching all by itself . Without problem , Belkin admitted to a design error , gave me an RMA and shipped me the `` better '' SOHO KVM . At first I was honestly impressed until I tried to hook it up . Why anyone would design such a device with non-standard VGA hookup is amazing to me . So you have to buy two cables on top . It looks like they OEMed the power supply and bought one with a 90-degree output plug . How dumb is that ? It blocks the `` device 1 '' USB socket . And trying to place the cable cover on this thing is a battle that tests your patience.Some weeks later it failed - lost contact with KB and Mouse , beeped like a smoke detector and then would not switch at all to CPU2 . Belkin sent me two WWW links - one for a flash and one for the flashing application . I did this and still it is stuck on `` 1 '' so I guess I 'll get an RMA and another pass through the loop.Had I known before about the history of this thing I would have gone for the IOGEAR device . My advice is do n't buy such HW from Belkin - they just have n't done their homework . To Belkin I send my advice to design it , test it and then send it out to a few trusted souls in the field to stress it - going direct from lab to shipping dock does n't work .
 I 'm here looking for a replacement for this JUNK.The PROBLEM : Automatically switches back to machine `` A '' just as mouse is recognized on machine `` B '' . Example : Machine `` A '' is working fine video , keyboard , mouse all online perfect.Push button once.Machine `` B '' video appears instantly , mouse starts to move cursor after 6 seconds , BAM Belkin switches back to Machine `` A '' after 8 seconds . Machine `` B '' is not asleep . Everything is securely plugged.Don ' t buy it , you 'll be sorry . FWIW this was with two Mini Macs .
 This unit has been consistently the least reliable piece of hardware I 've owned . I have had the same random switching problem as every other one-star reviewer , from day one , and after 2 replacement units.It requires some sort of magic to determine the exact sequence in which to power up hardware in order for this KVM to work correctly ... I work as a service tech , so having to shut down my main machine every time I want to connect a second machine for diagnosis totally defeats the point of having a hot swappable KVM.Steer clear at all costs !
 I could n't get this product to work , at least not consistently.Since it does n't have an external power supply , it appears to draw power from the USB connectors you hook up to the two computers . One is n't enough to keep it happy , it just flashes it 's LEDs -LRB- yes I had it hooked up directly to powered USB ports on the computers themselves -RRB- . So if you have one of the computers turned off , or sleeping , you 're screwed.When I did have both computers turned on , it would lock to one of the two computers and no matter how many times you pushed the switch on the top it would only temporarily switch to the other computer , then almost immediately switch back . No obvious reason.Then of course there 's the design -- this is intended to go on your desktop ? With cables out both ends ? If all the cables hooked up to the back or something that might make sense.I 'd have to say this product continues my experience with Belkin products -- generally unimpressive stuff . Buy from another vendor .
 As others have stated the Belkin USB KVM sounds nice , has a great idea to it ... but lacks a lot in workability . I have tried it on several computers and no matter the setup what ever pc I have it on as the `` main , '' the KVM fixate on it and will not switch over to the other computer.In order to fix this I have to either unplug the unit completely , or shut both computers down and boot up the 2nd one fist and then the `` main '' one and then it will work . For a time . Then its back to the problem of both light on and no amount of button mashing or switching will cause this annoyance of equipment to switch over to the other computer.I have tried to go to Belkin 's site and I have even downloaded the newest software for it , but ... the new software does not recognize the older version of my usb KVM . I made sure I used the proper modem number but no go . The new software will not control the older kvm . The older one is the black one , the newer one is the white one.In all , bypass this piece of equipment , unless you want the frustrations .
 Application
 The manual tells you to wait one full minute after switching and not to move the mouse or press its button while switching . It takes somewhere between 5 seconds and never to start responding to your mouse or keyboard after switching . But because you do n't know how long it 's going to take to respond , you have to sit and wait , hoping that in a minute or so , it might work.It switches on its own , and does n't like to switch when you ask it to . This is a deadly combination ; it might randomly jump to the other computer and leave you stranded while it decides to hang out and ignore your request to go back to what you were doing . However , when it does go back ... you have to wait for the keyboard and mouse to get picked up again . So when it randomly switches , you 're looking at a couple of minutes of waiting and hoping . Literally.I 've experienced these problems with two desktops attached to the switch , and with a laptop and a desktop.If your company frowns on loud bursts of profuse , ear-searing profanity , do n't use this product ... it 'll get you fired . Only purchase this if you 've daydreamed about going postal but ca n't seem to find that final straw to make you snap .
 I just bought one of these beauties and I wish I had read your reviews first ! The unit seems to fixate on one machine after a short period of operation . After that , if you switch to the other machine , it just switches itself back to the first one , and it illuminates both the A and B select lights as well . No amount of cursing or button pushing will convince it to stay connected to the second machine . And even when it does feel like working , there is a long delay between the time it connects to a machine and the recognition of the mouse and keyboard . The whole point of a KVM vice a simple A/B mechanical switch is that a KVM is supposed to present each computer with a virtualized mouse and keyboard at all times . It is NOT supposed to trigger a Plug and Play or hotplug event when you switch over because the hardware is not supposed to change . The same virtual mouse and keyboard are supposed to be seen by each computer at all times . The designers of this piece of junk evidently did not quite grasp that concept . Avoid this turkey at all costs .
 Kept switching computers on its own . Tried everything I could , but nothing helped . This unit is completely useless . Get the IOGear mini 2 port -LRB- the one that includes audio sharing -RRB- . It 's been flawless for me for about 2 months .
 Not at all reliable - switches on it 's own , problems with the button . Very frustrating . At this price it should work much better.Do yourself a favor - keep looking ...
 This piece is a total waste of money .1 . No hot keys2 . USB mouse and USB Keyboard freeze more often than not ! 3 . Monitor freeze occasionallyI am not sure why Belkin makes such products and puts its reputation at stake .
 I bought this product to switch between two PC 's . Since both use USB . Did not work well , a few times I had to unplug it and get manually plug up one of the computers just to save my work . I am now using a linksys KVM and so far so good .
 I bought this cable together with a 750GB harddrive for expanding my DirecTV 's HD DVR . According to forum search on internet , the HD DVR will accept external HHD connected via ESATA cable , and only works with ESATA cable . I bought the two said items both from Amazon -LRB- Amazon , LLC -RRB- . Amazon advertised this as ESATA cable.In reality , when the item arrived , both the flex-film package as well as the markings on the cable says SATA ; nothing on the package/product was labelled ESATA . Sure enough , when connected , the DVR did not recognize the external HDD . I then bought a ESATA cable from local BestBuy just to prove/dis-prove this -- and sure enough , with the ESATA calbe from local store , the DVR recognizes the external HDD.Bottomline
 This cable is not eSATA !! The description says : `` any high speed eSATA drive `` but it is not eSATA , it is SATA . This will not work on your eSATA drives/connections . I have sent back to Amazon for a refund as this listing is not accurate/false advertising .
 Have to return now . Not ready for digital camera .
 This was the third and LAST Shuttle PC I will ever buy . They are plagued with heat problems , very very bad support and poor quality control . All three of mine are now relegated to the junk heap .
 The battery does not work properly . It does not charge more than 59 % of its capacity .
 Phone would be awesome if it had better sound quality . It was easy to set up and use and was very practical . However this item has horrible sound quality from the incoming callers and average outgoing sound from the conference side . That 's all there really is to say , mostly becasue that 's the most import or only quality this item has .
 Nice looking camera , and a handy stand makes it a nice little webcam . However , as a digital camera , it is nearly useless . What is not written in any posted description , in fact , not even on the package , but hidden inside is the notice that if the camerais turned off , batteries removed or run dead , it will erase all pictures within . So , if you take pictures , make sure you have a laptop with you to immediately download your pictures . With this little restriction it is really just a web cam because you mast have a computer with it.There are better webcams for the price , but this can not even be compared to a portable camera .
 Tasco small refractors are the epitome of the `` junk department store telescope '' . As any `` How to Choose a telescope '' book , website , etc. , will tell you , the biggest clue that a scope is junk is that it 's advertised on the basis of `` power '' . For example , this ` scope is called `` 675 power '' - but 60mm refractors are worthless at any power over ~ 120x ! The image just gets extremely dim and muddy . If you 're considering buying this ` scope , consider researching the issue a bit more ! Binoculars , or a somewhat more expensive scope by Meade or Celestron would be a far wiser investment .
 I bought 2 of this item from these guys for my kids laptops . One of them came defective and I reqested a full refund for both beacuse they said that according to Amazon policy I had to pay shipping cost for returned items . It has been almost a month sending emails back and forth and I still have n't seen my refund back yet . Needless to say , my kids are still unable to use their laptops and I am extremely unhappy with these guys . I will NEVER buy from them again .
 I received my laptop ac adapter and it promptly broke within 2 weeks of owning it . I returned it , paid the shipping charges , and my power cord sat there for over 2 weeks before a replacement was sent back . I sent numerous emails inquiring about the status of my cord but they all failed to acknowledge the nature of my inquiry . I would write inquisitive emails expressing my frustration and they would write back `` Thanks for the update ! '' . It was an extremely frustrating experience as I was unable to turn my computer on for some time . I will never work with this company again !
 got this ac adapter in Dec 2007 and at some point in the past 8 months , i slapped quite a bit of electrical tape over the parts that bend the most on the cord as the jacket of the cord was pulling back from the individual wires . last month it started working intermittently and now its dead completely -LRB- aug 2008 -RRB- . Poorly constructed .
 This item stopped working after 3 months . Had to buy another quickly as I use my laptop for writing book and business .
 Got this adaptor 3 times to get through school . One of them works for 2 weeks , another one lasted about 4 months , and finally , the other lasted about 6 weeks . The adaptor converter box is made of simply plastic unlike the ones you get for HP . I do n't about other kinds but I 'd say this , either original from HP or none . Or you can always buy another HP laptop .
 I 've now had this case turn upside down and drop my camera out TWICE . The weight sits on the top so if you open the case without a strong grip it can easily turn upside down . Once I picked up the case by the straps and when the lid was n't closed . Flip and dump .
 I used it about five times , I never even got to use the TV function , before it died . It simply no longer turns on , neither with the use of batteries or the plug it came with .
 Bought this to replace my Jeep TV/Radio/CD player , similar set up . This was much cheaper in quality and now that the TV signal requires a converter box , the TV is basically useless . The cd player works and the sound quality is n't too bad . I have to give this a thumbs down , although if you 're looking for something to play in your workshop or garage it 'll do the job . Just handle it with care .
 I bought this product based on the reviews i read in the amazon.com section for the huappauge INTERNAL WinTV Personal Video Recorder . Those reviews were fantastic and they raved about the product so I thought the usb one would be just fine , but that was not the case . First I recieved the PVR without the remote control but I thought if the product was going to be as good as its `` sister '' -LRB- the internal one -RRB- then I might as well keep it . It was not . The picture was horrible and terribly fuzzy , and it skipped frames every fews seconds . So i returned it and I am now trying to go through reviews for other tv tuners to see if there are any decent ones out there . So anyways , I just wrote to warn others that this product is not a good one .
 I have great Dell 2XXX series machine . EVERY other product plugs into USB and works flawlessly . This one does not . Tech support was waste of time . Said to update Dell USB drivers . Already did . Device is NOT certified by Microsoft nor are the Hauppauge Drivers ! Power on the unit -LRB- straight out of box -RRB- was unreliable . Power Light would fail 90 % of time I plugged it in -LRB- during ALL those resets tech support tried to walk me through -RRB- . In a day and age of plug and play and USB2 gear , this product is a joke . Please do n't waste your time with it . Install software even thought this was a PCI bus internal ! a real mess .
 This product has never worked properly . it tends to overheat when in normal use so you ca n't leave it plugged in all the time , but if you plug it in when your computer is on the drivers will not recognize it properly until you restart . Slightly sad for a USB product . The only tech support solution I have recieved is to update my drivers , only I 've done that about ten times and the thing still does n't work . I recommend buying a ATI All-In-Wonder card instead of this tuner . ATI 's product will be an upgrade to your graphics card in addition to providing PVR functionality , although it does require opening your PC 's case . Still , it will save you from wasting money on a product that does not work .
 This item had the exact specifications that I was looking for . However , it does not stick well to the monitor . I had it up only 3 days before it began falling off and it will not stay on at all now . I will have to turn to gorilla glue if I want to use this product , which unfortunately will permanently mark my monitor .
 I read all the reviews before purchasing this and I should have listened . Most of them said how small it was and they were right . I bought a Canon Rebel and the camera would not fit in the bag . I had to return it . Nothing against the quality , just the size . If you have a real small digital camera it would work . Anything bigger than that , forget it .
 The material of bag is strong and nice but was small in size and therefore my SLR camera could not fit .
 Though it accomodates my Casio Exilim camera , it looks cheap . It does not have good/aristocratic looks .
 This phone is very very cool in its functionality . It does a lot of nice things , and by the features , the best phone I 've ever owned.But it just is not solid . After a year of owning it , we are starting to periodically lose phone service , and it is definitely the phone , because an old analog phone works jsut fine . This phone just keeps getting into a state where it thinks one of the phones if off the hook , and nothing we can do except unplug it for a week seems to bring it back . Also , about 15 % of the time the sound quality is quite poor and is subject to echoes , although normally it is fine .
 Avoid this phone . The sound quality is poor and the buttons on the phone are too small .
 This phone was nothing but trouble.It continually stopped working causing me to have no phone service . I called my phone service and they came up and determined that the problem was in the phone , so I hooked up my old phone and everything was fine with my service . I would not reccomend this model phone to anyone , even though it 's a Uniden .
 I loved my Philips aka Nike ACT21017 from 1/3 until 2/27 when it died suddenly during a run . It simply stopped playing and emitted a squeling tone like an impaled hamster . It never recovered and I 've no idea why it suddenly packed up . The unit was never abused , never dropped , loaded 4 playlist changes via MusicMatch without incident and then on a sunny day in Austin decided to die . I believe it died because it is n't designed and built for reliability . Let 's face it many MP3 's were rushed to market without a lot of thought as to long-term customer satisfaction and less regard for quality . I thought the Nike unit was worth the -LSB- money -RSB- I paid . It was n't and I 'll try the new SonicBlue model next . So long Nike . Stick to shoes and let phillips make junk with someone else 's brand on it .
 I 'm a software engineer and a computer scientist with 11 years of programming experience and two advanced degrees , so I consider myself at least intelligent enough to operate most techie devices , if not program them . However , after 1 hour of screwing with this audio player and it 's poorly designed software -LRB- the understatement of the year -RRB- , I packed it up and sent it back.I was unable to successfully download a single mp3 . When I thought I finally had one transferred to the audio player -LRB- after about 100 reboots of both my PC and the RPA -RRB- , it would not play it . Nothing . No sound . I should have known it was crap when I first opened the box and saw the flyer with a description of how to fix the audio player after it has locked up . I 'm really depressed because I liked the unique design of the hardware and the fitness strap , but for ~ $ ... USD , I think these kind of usability oversights are inexcusable . If you decide to buy this thing , I hope you have more patience than I do ...
 Bought because of past positive experience with Philips . Apx . 10 hours later , including 1/2 hour with live tech assistance & I have 1 , single song loaded . Now player shows `` 0 bytes/0 bytes -LRB- 0 bytes available -RRB- '' & I ca n't load another song . More live tech assistance could n't figure it out . Supposed to have `` escalated '' to supervisor , no call yet.Asked for a refund . Nope . Can have a replacement . It will be more satisfying to smash it into pieces and send it to Philips than spend another hour trying to get it or a replacement to work .
 Do n't buy this thing !!! It broke down on me for no reason barely a month after I bought it . One minute it was fine and I was loading new songs into it from my laptop , and the next minute it just went dead completely for no reason.Other cons include a lousy 128 MB of storage space -LRB- whereas other models like the Creative Muvo2 -LRB- 4GB -RRB- gives you 4GB of storage for only about $ 199 ! -RRB- and an extremely poor battery life -LRB- I gave up using the rechargeable battery that came with the player and ended up using a regular AAA battery instead -RRB- . The only -LRB- minor -RRB- pros the player has are that it looks pretty cool and sporty and -LRB- at least during the few short weeks while it was still working -RRB- it was indeed a great companion for running and exercising . But given the above cons , it is a TERRIBLE deal .
 I was in the gym and it went on and then off . I then proceeded to try to turn it on and it did not work . I didnt not even try to fix the product b/c I read all of these awful reviews on amazon . I personally just went out and bought and iRiver iFP-890 . I read the reviews on amazon and it was quite helpful . Again did not buy anything that is made by Nike Phillips b/c it seems to me it just doesnt work and it is a waste of money .
 This would be a great product ... if it even worked . I bought this $ 100 piece of junk and it did n't even work STRAIGHT OUT OF THE BOX . I wasted an hour on the phone with tech support before they admitted the thing needed to be replaced . Plus , the MusicMatch interface sucks . The software is difficult to use , and requires you to UPGRADE MusicMatch for it to operate faster . Well , if I spend $ 100 on a player , I do n't think I should have to waste MORE money to make the software run better . I bought this for my Dad 's birthday , and had to travel back home with his gift so I could return it to the store . Do n't buy this thing .
 It worked for a month before it started to give me trouble . It 's not WinXP compatible , it constantly froze my pc , and after a month , it just stopped working . Sent it for repair , got it back after 2 months , and it worked for less than 3 months before it broke again . I 'm very dissapointed with this product and here in my country , this junk cost me more than 800 bucks.Of course , this junk looks great , sporty , cool and trendy , -LRB- especially if you imagine yourself , sweaty and buffed with that washboard abs showing after your workouts and walking cooly out of the gym with that thing strapped on your arm and babes or hunks looking at you , -RRB- but this mp3 player is only good when it works fine . I 'm not sending mine for repair , I 've had enough of this rubbish , and I 'm buying Rio Cali very soon.If you really are interested in buying this junk -LRB- because you 're a diehard fan of Nike/Philips or coz of whatever reason -RRB- , just cross your finger and pray hard that you will be one of the few lucky persons that will never have problems with it.If you ask me , do n't waste your hard-earned money on this rubbish.To Nike , you should be ashamed of yourself . Being a giant in sports business , I 'm sure you have more than enough money to get Sony to manufacture this mp3 player instead of Philips . If it had been a Sony , I 'm convinced that it would work fine.I 'm truly , truly dissappointed .
 I like the size and general design of the 128 max , but the headphones are terrible . The main problem is that it does n't play most encrypted songs that you buy off the internet , like from BuyMusic.com . That 's a huge bummer . So you 're limited to songs ripped of your CDs or non-encrypted songs from Napster of Kazaa . I returned mine .
 While pleasing to the eye this unit is a piece of junk . It worked for about a month . I spent entirely too much time trying to get the thing to work and I 'm definitely technologically inclined . The device was tempermental each time I tried to send music to the portable via MusicMatch . Sometimes all my files on the device would sporadically disappear and I would have to download all over again . Finally , the Philips tech support -LRB- located in God know which developing country -RRB- were useless . I called them at least once a week and they were useless . I 'm sending my device back .
 This is a cute mp3 player and it worked fine for me under win2k . I did n't even need the software ; I could just drag and drop files . But it really is a piece of junk . All you have to do is turn your head and the headphones fall off . And the player can not do anything besides stop and play . I exchanged it for the Rio Cali -LRB- which was cheaper and just as cute -RRB- and it seemed like a small computer by comparison -LRB- it has repeat , shuffle , FM radio , bookmarks , date/time , stopwatch , and is very configurable . -RRB- Also , for those who care , the Nike player will not work under linux -LRB- I spent two excruciating days trying ... that was the main reason I returned it -RRB- , and the Rio Cali worked perfectly on my first try .
 If you are into cute looking products then definetly get this . But if you want something that is not a headache everytime you want to download songs then do n't get this player . Everytime that you want to download songs it is an absolute headache with a capital H. I have had to call the 1-800 number at least 5 times to download songs . It is not worth the price that it costs .
 Do not make the mistake I did . The nike-phillips psa does not support any music wma files that you purchase and download from any legitimate site -LRB- musicmatch etc. -RRB- If you buy this player - all you will be able to do is copy your CD 's that you own onto it . I called nike-phillips 3 times and they admit the problem but refuse to offer any help . They also do not offer any refund .
 This MP3 player costs me over $ 150 and did n't last too long . First , its hearphone has problem after 2 months , not to mention its software has some bugs , and it does n't work well even upgrade version of Jukebox . And Nike does n't offer too much supports when I encounter this problem . If I still had my receipt , I would refund it for sure !!
 This is product is absolutely terrible . yeah , it looks great , but installing the software is impossible ! when i first got it , there was something wrong with the battery they 'd provided , so i wasted hours trying to find any decent customer support or help but i got nothing . The player would n't evn switch on . Then , i had to waste more money shipping the item back to get a replacement . When i first got it , i put the battery in and switched it on and it worked . Then when i tried to put it on again , it just refused to work . I tried to re-charge the battery but no use . You ca n't format it and it onli holdz 30 songzz . The headphones r reeli anoying coz u cnt evn turn ur head in them and there r way 2 many magnetz wich r useless . Im sik of trin 2 mke this product wrk so im gona scrap this junk and try 2 get a betr mp3 player .
 This MP3 player is piece junk . I bought one and two months later it totally died . Philips replaced it on warranty and two weeks after I got the replacement it died too . Customer support was completely unhelpful the second time . I suspect they are as sick of this prouduct as I am .
 understood its cheap ... . but not worth the hassle . you never know when the bloody thing will not switch on - i hate those file error messages ... especially when you are all set to pump some iron . half the time the POS with hang - and now it wont format . i am just going to buy an ipod ... pricey but atleast i will have my music in the gym .
 It busted after about a year 's worth of average use , both the unit and the headphones shortly thereafter . But when it did work , had decent sound .
 This product is not worth the hassles that come with it ! I consider myself to be very computer savvy and I have to say that I have spent a total of 10 hours attempting to install the drivers for this product on my computer - to no avail . I 've spent an hour of that time on the phone with a tech support rep from Nike Philips who really wanted to prove that he was quite the techie and could fix this over the phone . Finally when he was n't able to fix it , he just blamed my computer . The fact is - the installation CD that came with the product was supposed to include the drivers that are required to run the hardware on your computer , but the drivers folder on the installation CD was empty . There were NO drivers on the CD to install . I attempted to go to the products website and install the drivers manually - again to no avail . The software that accompanies this product is crap . I just wanted a user friendly MP3 player that I could run with and I have had nothing but headaches from this product . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Got it a year and a half ago and threw it in the garbage yesterday.Over the year and a half it froze often and required reformatting and re-downloading of songs - a real pain when you 're at the gym and realize the thing ai n't going to work , and will also require time at home messing with it to get it operating again . Then last week the thing just froze up and would n't even re-format and take new songs . Instead of calling customer support , I went a bought an I-Pod - then went running .
 I love the looks of this player and as a runner , its a joy to use . The headphones work for me , but they do come out of your ears easily if you turn your head abruptly . Im glad the remote was not hardwired into the headphones , because I found the buttons too small to use while running , and the `` wire management system '' -LRB- via clever magnets -RRB- , totally unnecessary . The biggest disadvantage of this unit is the reliance on 3rd party software . The more contemporary players today simply plug into a Firewire port and allow you to drag and drop music on an icon . Clean , fast and brainless , no drivers or extensions to load . As a publishing professional I use both Macintosh and Windows , but I prefer Mac and that 's what I use at home . From the Mac users point of view , I feel deceived . This is hard for me to write because Ive been a runner and Nike loyalist for years.In Nike 's owners manual -LRB- which I read before purchase -RRB- , it states `` software upgradeable and will support future playback formats and software extensions will be made available on www.nike-philips.com , '' and under system requirements it stated Mac OS9.X . I thought cool ; my OS of choice is supported so I purchased the unit . During the install the software automatically took me to the Musicmatch web site , -LRB- the software that interfaces with the unit -RRB- , which informed me that they were no longer supporting Macintosh . `` We apologize for any incontinence . '' Should n't this apology come from Nike ? And why are they still selling this unit with such claims ? I guess Mac users constitute such a small customer base , a class action suit is not likely.Bottom line for Mac users , this unit is not supported by any version of iTunes , the software shipped with the unit -LRB- musicmatch -RRB- is no longer supported , the MP4 format is not suppored ; which means music downloaded from Apple 's music store can not be used , and needless to say OSX uses need not apply because the musicmatch software will not run properly in the classic environment .
 I love Nike products . I love Philips products . When the two collaborated on this MP3 player , I was in heaven . I checked through the feedback and noticed many people saying they were dissatisfied , that the product broke easily , that it was hard to get Phillips to honor their guarantee , but I was enchanted by the player , and , as many of you will after reading this review , I rationalized the situation by telling myself that even if some players are bad , I certainly would get a functioning one . I made my purchase and for the two months , everything was great . Then , when I was five weeks away from a 10K I had been training for , the player stopped working . I called the Philips help line and the gentleman worked with me for about an hour before determining the player needed to be replaced . I asked him how long it would take , and he said it would be inside of two weeks . I told him that I was in training and that I would really appreciate it if he could do everything in his power to get me a new player as soon as possible . After all , I had paid $ $ $ for a piece of machinery that had broken irreparably inside of two months . He told me he would speak with his managers and have a letter of return and pre-paid postage sent to me immediately.After a week I called back . I spoke to a different gentleman who told me that there was a note on my account about the call , but that nothing had been sent out . I asked to speak to a manager . I explained the situation to her , and , while somewhat dismissive of the angst I was feeling about getting a replacement , she promised me she would have the letter sent out immediately . I told her I would happily pay the postage myself if she could fax me the letter . She agreed . Nothing the first day . Nothing the second day . I called back , spoke to her again , and she told me their fax machine was down . We are talking about Philips , so why would n't they have only a single fax machine , and , without question , allow it to sit in a state of disrepair for several days ? She told me she would send me the letter instead via post . I agreed , genuinely frustrated for the first time.After another week , I called back . The letter had gone out , they assured me , but it had mysteriously disappeared in the mail . I asked for the address of the president and told them I expect a letter , even if it was just one of a taunting face with a cartoon bubble reading `` We hate you , '' in my mailbox within a week . It never came . So I purchased an identical player from the same store where I bought the first one , waited three weeks , and took the broken one back to collect the refund -LRB- thank goodness it turned on briefly when they probed it -RRB- . When the second one broke -LRB- completely different problem -RRB- , I did n't even bother calling Philips . I just pulled the same trick at the store to get my most current player , which is nearing its third month of use -LRB- a personal record ! -RRB- . Sadly , I have one other complaint . On the cord to the headphones , you get a magnetic `` snap '' that you can use to adhere a section of cord to your clothing , and , hence , reduce how much the wire bounces . The problem is that if you sweat , the magnets start to rust almost immediately . I had noticed a reddish splotch in the same place on a couple of my running shirts that I could n't wash out . It was then that it occurred to me that this was because of the rusty metal . I cut the `` snap '' off immediately . If you do buy this product , well , first of all , may God have mercy on your soul , but , also , please make sure to monitor the condition of the magnets so you do n't ruin any of your shirts.Good luck.Update -LRB- October 10th -RRB-
 I bought this because the SonicBlue Rio Sport 128 was out of stock . No big deal . The Nike 128 is the same price so it should be similar , right?Wrong!The SonicBlue Rio Sport has FM tuner , Clock , Stopwatch and can be upgraded to 256mb , FOR THE SAME PRICE AS THE NIKE ! It also has a belt clip.The Nike 128 is tiny -LRB- good -RRB- but the buttons are too small to be useful . The head phones are too flimsy which makes it uncomfortable to wear.Over all this player is a waste of money . . Get the SonicBlue Rio Sport 128 instead.The
 One trip in light rain - DeadSoftware does n't work and locks up computer constantly.You ca n't purchase tracks from Napster and download onto device.I have owned 2 of these units -LRB- shame on me for the 2nd time -RRB- , and really wanted to love it . However , it is complete junk.Do not waste your money on it .
 This is a piece of crap.The flash memory frequently erases , the drivers cause numerous errors w / Windows XP , and the headphones that come w / the player are very cheap -LRB- there is a rubber casing around the ear buds that comes off easily making it very uncomfortable to wear when lost -RRB- . I really wanted to like this but after so many problems and so much frustration i felt compelled to warn others.Stay away .
 I bought this thing while i was TDY in the desert and after using it only a month every day the thing stopped working and i had already had problems with it freezing up on me . oh well , it was good while it lasted
 I have had several MP3 players . This one is perfect for exercise , but it does n't last long . First , its software installation caused me longer than other products to install . Not to mention its driver is n't Microsoft approved . So I spent some time to make it work on Win XP . -LRB- after searching information on websites to locate problems -RRB- 2 . Phillip does n't provide enough customer support even though Phillip made it . You 'll get email from Phillip saying `` go to find Nike , we ca n't help you . '' -- and Nike says `` We do n't make electronics . `` 3 . its parts will be lost easily even though they look durable . BE CAREFUL magnet parts . You 'll lose them on the first day of use if you do n't pay attention . 4 . You 'll have to pay more if you want to use its music software after you install it on your computer . All you get is basic functions while other MP3 player softwares provide full functions.And this software is still slow on my advanced computer , also hard to understand its functions . The only good thing I like about this MP3 player is its design , but it lasted only few months -- then it died ...
 I received this as a Mother 's Day gift and was excited to get going and use it on my morning run . I downloaded the software , hooked up the unit and appeared to have downloaded about 30 songs onto it . After I finished , I saw the names of the songs scrolling across the unit so all appeared right with the world . Until I plugged the headphones in and tried to listen to the songs . I pressed the play button and got nothing . I also tried another pair of headphones just in case they were the problem , but it did n't help . ... Regardless , the unit did n't work with either version of Musicmatch.Perhaps a working version of this unit would be a wonderful thing , ... There appear far too many problem units out there since many seem to be many others having the same or similar problems with it .
 I was not able to get about 50 % of my mp3 's to play on this thing . Returned it twice to no avail . It just wo n't play certain mp3 songs , especially ones ripped with MusicMatch Jukebox which is a really bad sign . Anyway an mp3 is an mp3 . It should have been able to play it if it played on my computer . If you converted the song to wma and then uploaded it , it played fine . I even tried sending one of the mp3 's that it would n't play to a friend of mine with the 64mb version . It played fine on hers . I just do n't get it , and neither did philips .
 I bought this about 2 years ago after a review from Outside magazine labeling it the best mp3 player . The design of the player is very attractive to the sports enthusiast . However , the software is very user-unfriendly . My wife bought one several months later . She returned the first one due to problems with it locking up , not reading the device , and never playing music . The second player played for a short while and then experienced the same problems . About 6 months later my player completely locked up will not show that there is any music on the player and will not play at all . I liked the player when it was working , but I think there are some serious flaws that have yet to be ironed out . If you are looking for a good MP3 player to use while exercising , I suggest looking elsewhere .
 The main point of this review is to warn users to protect the player from sweat . Perhaps put it over clothing rather than under ... or strap it to the stairmaster . I used this for about a year . ... and , yes , I agree with the other reviewers that it is a temperamental unit . It took a while , but I eventually got it running . Philips support line is rather weak . I felt as though I knew more about the system when calling . I used a different pair of headphones -LRB- the ones supplied are weird ! -RRB- . At first I noticed that the battery was getting corroded . So I tried to dry it off after all uses -LRB- I used it on 5-7 mile runs -RRB- . It did n't seem to work too well . Now , one year later , the only button that works is the on-off switch . I can add music ... but no volume control , fast-forward or rewind . I am looking into the Rio Cali unit
 I was not able to get about 50 % of my mp3 's to play on this thing . Returned it twice to no avail . It just wo n't play certain mp3 songs , especially ones ripped with MusicMatch Jukebox which is a really bad sign . Anyway an mp3 is an mp3 . It should have been able to play it if it played on my computer . If you converted the song to wma and then uploaded it , it played fine . I even tried sending one of the mp3 's that it would n't play to a friend of mine with the 64mb version . It played fine on hers . I just do n't get it , and neither did philips .
 I read the reviews to this product before I purchased mine and I thought those people complaining about the software problems and everything were just not good with technology . However , I 've found that downloading the songs to the player is near impossible if you have a problem with installing the drivers . I 've spent nearly an hour so far and the only real directions it gives to how to use this device are online . The product comes with a couple -LSB- weak -RSB- pictures that make the process look rather easy . If you have no problems with the installation or downloading the songs this product would be a good investment . If not you are in for a world of headaches like myself .
 Positive
 Broke after 10 months of owning , and no way to get it replaced , customer service sucks . My buddy bought one too and his broke after 6 months . I would n't waste my money on the thing , not worth it .
 If you buy this be sure to buy an extended warranty . That is the best move I made . The product is great while working - it holds about 2 hours of music , is lightweight , the sound is good . It is a distance runner 's dream - designing your own commercial free 2 hours of your music for those long runs . Unfortunately the life expectancy is around 4 months . I bought one with an extended Circuit City warranty and returned it in 3 months . I figured I just had a bad unit and purchased another with the refund and it was better - it lasted 5 months . I am still looking for a replacement but I will never purchase one of these again .
 When I first bought this player -LRB- about six months ago -RRB- , I thought it was a fantastic piece of equipment - small , lightweight , and relatively easy to use . As an avid 30-50 mile/week runner , the armband was a godsend - I finally found an MP3 player that I did n't have to carry in my hand or stick in a pouch that bounced as I ran . That is , until about three weeks ago , when it suddenly died on me in the middle of a run . I thought that maybe my battery died , so I tried replacing it - no dice . I had all but given up on it , when suddenly it started working again . I discovered that it worked fine if I strapped it to my forearm or to the crossbar on a treadmill - I assumed that the pressure on the player was too great when I had it strapped to my bicep . All went well until today , when it died again -LRB- I had it strapped to my forearm -RRB- . Perhaps too much sweat got inside the player , despite its supposed water resistance - I do n't care at this point ; this player was too expensive to die repeatedly after six months , and I ca n't afford to buy MP3 players as often as I purchase new running shoes . I 'd recommend that others steer clear of this unreliable product .
 I recently purchased this item 3 days ago . I spent 2 hours trying to download songs into it , but the thing kept turning off . Come to find out the battery that came with it was dead . A new battery later and I was able to download songs but they would n't play . I coul n't get anything to show up on the player . All I got was a blank screen . After spending $ 200.00 bills on this piece of crap I excepted it to work . Luckly I purchased it at Sears and directly took it back . What a piece of junk . I 'll save up for the Ipod .
 I got this device as a Christmas gift , and here I am , seven months later , still trying to get it to function properly . I 've actually had two PSA 128 's . I did n't have any problems with the first one , until the display stopped working for no apparent reason after about two months of use . After about five hours on the phone with Philips and a month of waiting , my second PSA 128 arrived in the mail.This second one has been a nightmare . At first , it was MusicMatch -LRB- the software used to make playlists , etc. for the device -RRB- that would n't run properly . After countless times of installing , uninstalling , and reinstalling with the help of a customer service rep , we finally got the software to work , only to find out that somehow the PSA 's memory is corrupted . I have never been so frustrated with something in my whole life ! If the PSA works , the software does n't . If the software works , the PSA does n't . Two more grievances with this product
 To Preface , we purchased this through Best Buy and not Amazon.com but our experience with Philips and this product has been so horrible , we felt obligated to let other consumers know.I would have given the PSA128 ZERO stars but it is n't an optionOriginally , we purchased the PSA64 - and it never worked . After i downloaded songs , it would n't power up . I also had difficulty with the USB functionality - sometimes it would work and sometimes i would have to jiggle it around . So I called Philips to see if I was doing something wrong or if it was just a faulty device . The representative treated me like i was completely ignorant and i honestly felt like i knew more about the device and computers than he did.We returned it to Best Buy and upgraded to the PSA128 . This device worked for about 25 days - and we were very satisfied with it when it worked . We had the same problems with this device - it would n't power up after a download and the same problems with the USB.We exchanged it for another PSA128 . We were n't able to get this one to ever work . Same problems - it would n't power up after a download and the USB port would work sporadically . He took me through a process to reset the device several times and it would power up before a song was downloaded but never after . I called Philips and was told that i would have a Sr. . Technician call me back in 24 hours - and i waited a week and never received a call or had a message stating that they called . Before i called them back , I tried the product on a different computer that uses Windows 2000 -LRB- thinking that it might have been a problem with XP -RRB- and the device did n't work.I called Philips back and after waiting on hold for 25 minutes , i was told that a Sr technician did return my call and that he also left 3 messages in my voicemail - they had the correct # and i never received a call or a VM . Initially , the Philips rep tried to tell me that it was because we were using XP and then i explained that i had tried it on Win2000 with no luck . He then tried to tell me that it was a problem with my computer 's USB port and I had to explain to him that i thought the same thing and was able to xfer some files from our digital camera , using the exact same USB port with not problems . The Philips representative finally told me to go back to Best Buy and get a refund and if i was n't able to get the refund from Best Buy , I would have to mail the unit to Philips and they would issue a refund . Best Buy would n't issue a refund because it had been 35 days -LRB- and not 30 -RRB- since the original date of purchase . So I called Philips back and they told me that I had to do THREE exchanges with Philips in addition to the THREE exchanges we had done with Best Buy before we could be issued a refund.I continued to explain that we do not want another Philips Nike PSA 128 because it is a crappy product that does n't work . I am waiting on a `` supervisor '' to call me back.This is a horrible product and it has caused us a lot of frustration . I have spent hours on hold waiting for Philips customer service that was less than helpful.We just purchased the Rio S35S Sport mp3 player - which has more features like an FM tuner and a stop watch and is upgradable to 256MB and paid LESS than the Philips piece of junk we tried to THREE times .
 I 've owned the Nike Sport 128 MB MP3 Player for about 3 months now.The HardwareI think it is a beautiful design , and it was a nice idea to have an extra remote on the wire leading to the earphones , that way , I do n't have to reach at my arm every time I want to change songs . -LRB- This is very useful when lifting weights at the gym . -RRB- If you are a runner , however , you may find that leaving the wire with the remote control out may be a better idea because it carries a magnet weight that fastens to another magnet in order to stick to your shirt . This easily becomes entangled and if you let it swing freely , it becomes annoying . The magnets feel like they weigh too much . The MP3 player -LRB- unit itself -RRB- is very durable , I must admit that it takes a beating and keeps moving . Taking out the batteries may be a little confusing at first , as you need to hold the button down , and the battery cover does not pop off readily once you do . The rubber ear pieces come off very easily , and I have already lost both . It also comes with a battery charger -LRB- charges two batteries at a time -RRB- and one battery -LRB- why not two ? -RRB- . The SoftwareI had no problems installing Nike 's software onto my computer , though I received a warning about an incompatible device . You would think that a correction would have been made with updated drivers , but it seems that the company does not care about this product . The interface was confusing at first , but then I got used to it . I was able to drag and drop the music files into my MP3 player.Using this thing.The player holds plenty of music to work out and then some . Sometimes , however , it freezes -LRB- stops playing music -RRB- for no reason , and it happens on the same song . When it runs low on batteries , it simply shuts off , but that battery meter , at times , does not indicate a low battery level . Taking the battery out and replacing it corrects the first problem . The speakers are loud enough that you can turn it up to the highest setting and let it fill a quiet room.Overall.I am very embarrassed that I have bought this thing . I use it for my workouts , when I run , and when I bike . For me , I am ok with this . I feel bad for anyone who would pay full price -LRB- $ 200 !!! -RRB- for this , because it seems that Philips/Nike does not care about the quality of this product . Look into getting an iPod , or something else , just not this .
 Coolest MP3 player available . I wanted to like this player so much , it 's beautiful , light and easy to carry . First , the manual did not tell me how to properly install the software on my Mac . But I found instructions on a private site on the net . The headphones
 Horrible software support ! Horrible physical connectivity ! I 've had this product working off and on for about one year . Sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't . Uses MusicMatch spy/bloatware - NO OTHER ALTERNATIVES to upload music to the player -LRB- I looked and tried third-party software , nothing worked reliably -RRB- . Horrible design for the USB connection - the back of the case is cheap and flimsy , not user friendly , feels like it will break when you open it up to attach the USB cable , which is at a wierd angle and feels wrong . Shoddy workmanship for this price ! I had to exchange the headphones 4 days after purchase because they broke . The magnets have also chipped out of their retaining rings . This thing is junk.If the unit worked as cool as it looks , it MIGHT be worth the high price tag . Horrible software , horrible design , almost no tech support - a real loser ! Do n't waste your money . Swoosh indeed - right out of your wallet and into the trash . Go get something better .
 Beware , if you plan to use this player to play music legitimately downloaded from the internet through sites such as Buymusic.com do not buy it ! The problem is that the player is not compatible with music that is protected through technologies such as Digital Rights Management -LRB- DRM -RRB- . Before I bought the player I researched the site and found nothing stating this . This limitation is not even stated in the instruction manual ! It was n't until I received it and went through THREE technical support people that I found this out . The support for the product is horrible as the technical support reps know nothing about the product . So good luck if you have any other problems.There are however , some good things to say about the player . The design is very ideal for athletes , and the music that it does play sounds great . The player may be a very affordable choice for someone wanting to transfer music from their own CDs . Another nice thing is that you do n't have to use software to transfer music -LRB- although Musicmatch Jukebox came with on the CD -RRB- . After you install the drivers , the player appears as an additional drive in My Computer and you can copy and paste the music.Overall I would suggest NOT buying the player . The unprofessional support for the product is horrible and there if there is no intention by the manufacturer to make a firmware upgrade that allows the player to play protected wma files , then there is no proof that the player will be able to keep up with the industry 's continuing efforts to protect music . I would highly recommend as an alternative the RIO Cali . For just a little more you can get an FM tuner and all the music I have purchased online plays fine on the player .
 What a piece of ... I spent almost an hour on the phone with a very helpful customer service rep trying to get this thing to work ... I finally got 10 songs loaded on it and was off to the gym . The head phones are way to small the buttons are to small . The only thing good that I liked about it was the armband . This evening , I got to spend another few hours on the phone with another customer service rep. I came to the conclusion that this is a good-looking piece of garbage . I ca n't wait to get my money back .
 I am not much of a computer person , so the software for this player has been very very frustrating . I have seen better user friendly software out there . . I have used the player ONLY a handful of times and today , as I set out for my run , it has decided just not to work anymore . I am about ready to return this piece of crap . . and the headphones suck too . i should have spent my money on an ipod .
 Very poor piece of equipment . We purchased one and could never get it to work . We exchanged it for a new one and still , it would n't work . After loading the drives , my computer then began to act up . The directions are extrememly poor and the product , overall , is very poor . We will be exchanging it for an MP3 that works . We own another brand that is extremely easy to use .
 I spent almost an hour on the phone with a very helpful customer service rep trying to get this thing to work ... I finally got 10 songs loaded on it and was off to the gym . The head phones are way to small the buttons are to small . The only thing good that I liked about it was the armband . This evening , I got to spend another few hours on the phone with another customer service rep. I ca n't wait to get my money back .
 i wish that i had read all the other reviews before wasting 125.00 on a product that would die on me after a few months use . a complete waste of time to now get it fixed , nike/phillips marriage needs to get their act together or get a divorce .
 Like many other people who are active , I was excited when a Nike MP3 player came out . In fact , I bought it the first day it was available in my area . It performed well for me -LRB- once I made it through the setup process cleanly -RRB- and I really grew to love it . Unfortunately , like so many summer romances ... that 's were it ended.After about 4 months of use it completely died on me . Temporary meltdowns had happened before but rebooting / reformating the software in the unit usually brought it back . This time , it did n't ... completely dead.In truth if it was n't for the fact that mine does n't work ... I would still be enjoying the use of this player ... it 's simple , as much as most people would need in the way of features ... but -LRB- as other reviewers have stated -RRB- battery life is terrible and Operating System unstable.The product shows a lot of promise ... if it could just keep work past 4 months .
 I bought the Nike 128 MB MP3 Player about 14 months ago ... With a few small glitches here and there , it performed pretty well . Then , out of nowhere , it just died on me ... I treat my electronic equipment very well , so it was not due to abuse . It is not a batter issue either . It just will not work.I would recommend staying away from this peice of garbage and getting any other unit ... It is just not worth the trouble ...
 I bought this player last spring because I loved the look of it , and I am attracted to shiny objects . I had just started running and wanted something smaller than a cd player to take with me.It has never worked properly . I 'm pretty comfortable with technology , but this player was impossible . It was not compatible with windows XP , which was not made clear when I bought it-any success in my attempts to get music actually loaded on to the player was purely accidental . The musicmatch interface sucks -LRB- and constantly asks you to buy the version that costs extra -RRB- . My endeavors to to upgrade the player at Phillips website resulted in 2 fatal system errors on my brand new computer.Shame on you Nike-I was expecting better from you.Go with apple or rio instead - they know what they are doing .
 I used this player and enjoyed it while using it for running . I was a huge fan of the product until I took it out running in a pretty heavy rain storm , and it shorted out on me . It has n't worked since . I think it 's ridiculous that this sport mp3 player could n't handle the rain . I would not buy this product again . If you do , do not take it out into the rain , it ca n't handle water .
 I recently bought this player to use as a running companion for short 2-3 mile runs . I figured the 128 mb would hold plenty of music for that distance . I was innitially ecstatic at the quality and volume of sound -LRB- even if the software is a little tricky at first -RRB- . after 3 weeks it has started to switch itself off every couple of minutes . I have formatted it several times with no success . Luckilly I had bought the replacement warranty and will be returning it first chance I get and trading in for the RIO Cali , which has gotten better reviews.After reading the bad reviews here I thought `` no , this ca n't happen to me , the other people must be doing something wrong '' . However I have used this gadget by the book and the same thing is happening to this player as has happened to all the other reviewers . Be warned , get the replacement warranty or better yet get the Cali first time around
 I have owned the Nike sport 128 MP 3 player for 15 months and have had nothing but trouble with it . I only use it 3-4 times a week during my 6-mile runs . When it is working it sounds great . However it crashes frequently and the memory becomes corrupted easily . I have had it replaced 3 times by Philips . I received my last one 6 weeks ago and it is already corrupted -LRB- it took 3 months to get the replacement -RRB- After working for an hour with the technician -LRB- located in Jamaica -RRB- they gave up . They will not replace this one because the warranty from the first one is now up . I have spent days over the past year -LRB- I was on hold for 4 hours once trying to get help -RRB- reformatting and installing firmware upgrades on this unit . I am computer savvy , but this is too much to me . This unit breaks so frequently that they have a division just for replacing them .
 I bought two in the last 6 months , including one 4 days ago and they both died while I was out running . This thing has many glitches and clearly is not water-resistant . If Nike/Phillips can work out the problems , it is a good design and really helps your workouts , but I wo n't be buying again until they spend some more time on product development . Wait for sony to come out with a sports model mp3 .
 First off , I 'm pretty computer savvy so I was furious with how long it took to load songs onto this dumb thing . Second , why is n't there a shuffle button ? Why ca n't you change songs once they start ? What 's with the silly little carrying case that is impossible to fit around the player ? Headphones are pure garbage . They are those silly behind the head kind that bump the back of your neck when you run or do anything . They do n't stay on.Finally , what is with the owner 's manual being on disk ?? If you have any questions you have to load the dumb thing , wait for the software to load , scroll thru the manual -LRB- which is in Adobe Acrobat -RRB- and try to find your answer . Is it too much to ask to include a written manual?Save your money and get something else . Nike/Phillips really missed the boat on this one .
 Before buying this player i must have read fifty review from amazon.com to circuitcity.com to nike.com . I was sold on this player becasue it was designed for athletes and I planned on using it while running and going to the gym . I loved the design of the product and the features , all seemed perfect . When I finally got it , I had nothing but headaches . The included software , Music Match , is crap . It was bulky , slow , and kept asking me if I wanted to upgrade to the registered version instead of the partial that was provided by Nike . I used it and imported my playlists and MP3 into it and finally got it to running ok . When I tried to send music to my Nike MP3 Player , it took forever . Granted I was using USB 1.1 ports , it took me almost 15 minutes to transfer 30 minutes of music . Once the music was on my Nike player , nothing would play right and I could never figure out why . I tried everything that the manual -LRB- on the CD -RRB- said . I reformatted my music to 64K to 128K , I did it all . No matter what , music would skip . When I played to same music from my computer it played perfectly , go figure.Also if you are planning on using Windoews Media Player to copy music to your Nike player , beware . I had lots of trouble with this as well . Although Media Player makes the process much easier the Nike MP3 does not sync correctly with it . After looking on the WMP website I found out it is not compatible and as of this time there was no patch available for it either.I do not recommend this player to anyone , but there are others here and elsewhere that swear by it . Whatever you do , good luck .
 Checked out both this player and the comparable Rio , but decided to take the Nike player because the reviews I 'd read here seemed to indicate it was slightly more durable . Wrong.Worked fine for about a week , then began declaring `` No File '' whenever I activated it . Now , I do n't code AI software for a living , but I know how to use this machine in front of me , and I know I did everything correctly re
 I never even got a chance to exercise with it . First of all the product manual is on the CD -LRB- provided -RRB- . Normally this would n't be a problem only it would n't open off the CD , and I had to go to the website to get the information . Secondly , I got to listen to a total of an hour of music before the player started to register `` NO FILE '' . After many attempts to format , reinstall software , and replace batteries WINDOWS proclaimed `` The disc could not be formatted . ''
 I got caught in some rain while on a long run and this product died , never to work again . You ca n't run in the rain with this device . It was actually a nice product up untill then -LRB- except for the headphones -RRB- .
 I purchased this camera 5 months ago . It worked 3 weeks and had to have the mother board replaced . The `` flip out prongs '' on the recharger , as I was flipping it out to recharge the camera , one broke . I sent it in for repair . The company would not honor the warranty . The prongs are held on by a strip of metal 1mm x 2mm . The very shoddy engineering of this item and the fact that you have to buy a replacement at 60.00 per unit is enough for me to never by Fuji products . This coupled with the fact I purchased the replacement and it wo n't ship for a week.I CAN NOT recommend this product to anyone under any circumstances . I would not recommend this product or any other product produced by Fuji .
 Within 3 months this camera stopped working . I never dropped the camera , I 've never exposed it to extreme temperatures , the camera looks brand new on the outside . Several functions stopped working 2 monts before the camera stopped working . I sent the camer in to fuji for repair ; and got it back 4 weeks later , now the zoom does n't work . If you do n't enjoy unnecessary suffering ; DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA ! If you want a digital camera , get an olympus .
 what can I say - Lousy focus ; almost no depth of fieldpoor software ; works ok on w2000 but not on xppointless cradle ; nice idea but it proves to be useless on xp - wish I had bought another make
 This camera simply does not live up to expectations . The lens is inferior , with obvious distortion visible in indoor shots -LRB- wall lines bend -RRB- . The colors are inferior to other makers , notably Canon . And the controls/software are poor . I am in the fortunate position of being able to compare this Fuji with a Canon Supershot , and the Supershot wins hands down . With this model at least , BUYER BEWARE
 I do not recommend anyone to this camera .
 I purchased this mp3 player a few months ago , so I 've had plenty of time to use it . First of all , the headset is next to useless . If you plan on any kind of exercise while wearing this , you 'll see what I mean . The ear pieces will easily slip out of your ears . Plus it has magnets and a remote control . Magnets ? What 's the purpose of a remote control when the player is only inches away ? I immediately replaced it . Second , the instructions that come with the player are minimal , very minimal . It 's more like a short series of diagrams . Also , since it only requires 1 AAA battery -LRB- which I had considered a plus -RRB- , it goes through batteries pretty quickly.On the other hand the sound quality is pretty good . You do have to use Music Match to download to it , and that 's not the easiest thing to use either.There are other mp3 players out there and I 'm going to start looking again . Unfortunately there are n't that many to choose from that are designed for sports or workout activities .
 The Nike PSA player itself looks like a great little device , and is the perfect size for working out . I would n't know firsthand , though , because I never could get the driver software to install . The MusicMatch software installed quickly on Windows XP , but the drivers would not . After trying all of the updates from the Philips websites , and Firmware updates , still , nothing . This was all attempted by a network engineer who troubleshoots software and hardware installations for a living . I then attempted to use the Philips help line , but they were of no help at all . After reading numerous reviews , it is clear to me that there are definite problems with the software , and it 's not worth taking a chance by purchasing this product .
 Against the advice of the reviews I read on Amazon , I purchased this unit because there are not that many sports MP3 players . After six hours of trying to download songs to the device , I finally was able to get a few songs on though I have no idea how to do again . The real problem is the Musicmatch software which is very unstable . While it works fine for burning cds , not so for downloading to this device.Now that I have some songs on it , I have to say the quality is good and the armband works well.Would I recommend buying this unit ? Yes , if your idea of exercise is burning calories through frustration and anger . If not , you would be better off humming while you run .
 i was so excited when i recieved the item , but all that excitment quickly turned into frustration . setup is confusing , there is no instruction booklet that comes with the player . installing the program/driver seemed pretty straight forward but i had to refer to the nike/philips website a few times . even after all that it still did not work . i then tried to call the 1800 support number and they had no clue of how to do anything . so finally i gave up on it and now i am waiting for philips to contact me back with a way of exchanging the item for another because they said it must be something wrong with the product . regardless , i think this looks good but performs poorly if you can get it to perform .
 Software does not work with Mac OSX . Hopefully there is a download on the Nike-Philips wesite .
 Having a hard time review something i couldnt use . When i recieved it the back was broken so i returned it . Took them a month to tell me they were out of stock . This company has bad comunication skills . One person told me it was in the mail . Then another person tells me their sold out . Now lets see how long it takes them to get me my refund .
 Compared to other mp3 players , this is a piece of crap . Yes , it works , but it only holds about 30 songs , and when you go on a long run , it loops ! How annoying . I ran a half marathon with this and heard all the songs 3 times!Also when we bought a new PC , it would n't connect because it 's so old .
 This item is a pure piece of crap ! First of all it does not work well with WinXP . Had to find out the hard way it would only find the driver need if you have Win 2000 or 98 . The frustration of trying to install the music was hardly worth it so that you can only download about 14 songs ! If you have Win 2000 or 98 and want something that will only last you a couple of months , this is the product for you . Tried to contact Phillips , they act is if they did n't even realize they made this product . If you need a serious piece of equipment PLEASE DO NOT GO WITH PHILLIPS ! Consider yourself warned , do not become a victim . I will never purchase another Phillips item again ! I would give it zero stars , but hey i had to put something .
 This is one of the worst purchases I have ever made ! I am not that bothered by the 8 hours I spent trying to get the device to work . The directions are awful ; the software is terrible ; and the effort required to download the first set of songs was hardly worth it ! Once I finally figured out how to download songs , things seemed OK . The device was working well and the sound quality was pretty good.This lasted for 3 months and then one side of the headphones just stopped working . Philips sent me new headphones , no questions asked , and I was up and running once again . Things appeared to be going fine until another 7 months passed and one side of the new headphones stopped working . OK ... I figured I would just learn to live with this problem , but then the headphones just stopped working all together ! I called Philips . They were supposed to send me new headphones a month ago and I still have not received them yet ! I have n't even had this product for one year !! At this point I do n't want new headphones . Instead I am going to buy a different device . My overall experience with this product was bad and I would therefore not recommend that anyone purchase this unit . It is poorly made and I think Philips knows this !
 Simply stated - this product just is n't compatible with XP . Even if it installs correctly it will fail after a period of the player sitting idle or the player batteries running down.Technical support is a joke , they have a `` customer is always wrong attitude '' if you can reach them.This thing may , or may not , work for you but I do n't recommend taking the risk .
 Will not work with OSX . No downloads available as of 2/3/03Horrid install on XPThe problem is the software not the device - but too bad.Sent it back
 Hello Amateur Astronomers , Purchased the little Gem at Service Merchandise in Illinois , back in Feb , 02 . What I did not like about this Go To scope was Star Guide hand control and that chinsy battery pack . -LRB- watch the frail wires , they break off the terminals . -RRB- First , the Star Guide hand controller is very complicated to figure out . For example , when first turned on it reads `` custom `` What is custom ? Custom means the kind of scope . The instructional manual then reads if your telescope does n't function properly , then go to the menu -LRB- # 3 -RRB- and scroll down to the correct model . Listing custom again and 3 other choices . Oh , those many addendums ! One addendum to the manual advises you just skip everything and be sure to use `` auto align '' citing a two star alignment . Another addendum then reads it it not advisable to use this method since you have to know the stars names and location . Well , guys , what other method is there?Be careful , though , the little battery pack that powers the 114 is not built into the scope . I do n't know how many times my scope wrapped the rubber coated wire around the tripod and into the mount . My advise is to velcro the Vinyl covered pack to the fork mount , and get the wires -LRB- which are black -RRB- out of the way.Another gripe I had was switching observing locations . Finding stars at the first location , the scope functioned properly , however , for some reason , it did n't like Dansforth Illinois . Even though I picked kankankee as the nearest city , it just would n't point to anything , not even Venus . I suspect someone forgot to program other terrestial locations in the hand controllers database . So my advise is to load the proper latitude and longitute into the controller if you 're going to switch observing sites . Oh , and those poor blotes in Ohio , well Ohio , and all its cities , are listed under the State of South Dakota ? Also Tasco is not honoring its warranties , since , as I understand it is going under .
 I purchase this scope on 12/22/01 and was setting it up . It tells were you can align with your eyeball while some else adjust the front lenseMine has a piece of black paper in side and I would like to removed it.Thanks for listening .
 It lasted two weeks . The rubber housing opened a little when squeezed near the usb plug and along its width -LRB- blue thing to blue thing -RRB- . A little dirt or moisture got in . The computer no longer recognized what kind of USB device was being plugged in . I tested other USB devices , including a different flash memory , and they all worked fine.I cut the rubberized covering off and blew the circuit board clean . The computer then recognized that the device is -LRB- was -RRB- a usb flash memory . I promptly backed up my data . I 'm back to my 2Gb sandisk that has lasted about 2 years .
 I 've had this drive for about 2 years , but I doubt it was used even a dozen times.On positive side : I think it looks good , or flashy -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , and rubber casing prevents the chip from hi Gs on impact , if you drop it . Sorry , but that 's about it.On negative side : I do n't think claims about durability of this drive compare to others have any ground . Month since I 've had it the rubber cap developed a crack and inevitably got lost . Next thing I know is that rubber casing simply slid from the chip when I pulled the drive of the USB port . Or so I thought I did . Took my some time to figure out what that metal thingy sticking out of my computer is . The chip seems to be attached to the rubber with some glue that obviously was n't good and did n't even look cured . Well , I lived with that until recently the USB connector simply broke off leaving me with other part in my hands . So why would a piece of rubber be considered better protected then say SanDisk metal casing is beyond me . But I got to give credit to the designers of this unit
 Pros
 I bought the GR-DVM90 model in the summer of 2001 . I had to send it back THREE TIMES for repair within 2 years . Finally JVC -LRB- to their credit -RRB- sent me at no charge the GR-DVM96 model . I had to send this back THREE TIMES also for repair within 1 year . The repairs were usually related to the tape mechanism , with the tapes getting stuck , and/or `` Condensation '' or `` Tape Head cleaning required . Insert Cleaning cassette '' errors in the view port . But there were other electronic problems as well.All was well from 2005 to Spring 2011 , but the mechanism got stuck again . I sent back to JVC , it took them 4 weeks to send back to me stating `` Parts unavailable '' , and did not repair or exchange . When I called -LRB- first , took forever to get a human being on the line ... -RRB- I was told the model was no longer supported and JVC does not currently offer any products using mini DV tapes . They were also useless in offering any advice as to how to get the old mini DV tapes into a DVD format.So I would not buy this product since it will not be supported , AND it is VERY flaky . Also , mini DV tapes are going the way of the 8-track , you can not get an adapter for a VHS -LRB- totally different formats -RRB- or an affordable player -LRB- less than $ 700 -RRB- . And it cost at a minimum $ 7 per tape to transfer to a DVD from third parties . I HAVE OVER 50 TAPES !! For $ 350 I could simply buy this model for the $ 299 and use it only for play back -LRB- but it would probably stop working within a year -RRB- . One can get software for your PC to transfer mini DV tapes to DVDs , BUT YOU NEED A WORKING CAMERA OR PLAYER!Only reason I did n't give this 1 star is it did record some great trips and memories . Now I just have to figure out how to view them !?!?
 Remote works exaclly as the two I received from Dish and price compares with the $ 45.00 was told by the Dish installer
 After reading some of the negative comments here and on eopinions , I almost did n't buy this player . I should have listened to the critics , this cheap thing quit working after one week of light use.I took very good care of it , I only used it to play MP3 CD 's through my car stereo . It worked quite well at first , I was happy with it , but then it started skipping and pausing on my MP3 CD 's . So , I tried a BRAND NEW audio CD and it did the same , skip , play , skip , pause , skip , play , stop . So , I upgraded the firmware and it only made it worse , afterwards it would n't play anything . It just sits there , spinning the CD , never playing a note.This is the second lousy CD/MP3 combo player I 've bought , jeez , does anybody make a decent one of these ?
 I got this cd player a while back and i thought it was going to be great . But when i got it the remote would not work and the sound was way down when it was in . Another bad thing is the battery life . I got less than 4 hours with the backlight on and without it on i got about 8 . The mp3 player is also confusing to use and the player is very fragile . The top part is almost completely off on mine . Some positives are all the options you get in the menu but it does n't balance out in the end .
 I received my player today . It looks so cool ; however , it is a defective one!It can not play can audio CDs and MP3 CDs I tested . LCD display shows `` NO DISK '' all the time . Am I so unlucky ?
 I constantly had to turn it off and restart . It kept stopping . I went for the SlimX
 It can not read many of my music cds , including brand-new CDs .
 ive had this cd player for a little less than a year and it has failed me . After about 6 months or so , the cd player wouldnt work . i would press play , and it would come up to the screen that says Iriver and then under it says `` loading ... '' . . and it would never go on ... everytime it would never go on . . so it was still under the warranty so i sent it back to the company and got a new one . . about 2 months later ... the play button did not work anymore ... put brand new batteries in everytime ... never worked ... the player just wouldnt go on . . battery life was HORRIBLE ... heavy , and bulky . . does not go loud at all . . alright sound quality . . otherwise . . look for something else
 I bought this player based on past reviews . But the version of it that came with an external power supply was not available , so I wound up having to buy power supply somewhere else . NO MATTER WHAT POWER SUPPLY -LRB- other than batteries -RRB- I USED , IT WOULD NOT RUN OFF EXTERNAL POWER . When I called customer service , they said tough luck . You have to buy power supply from them , or they do n't give a rip . Do n't buy from this company unless you are willing to buy all your accessories from them as well .
 Got this online and was shocked how ugly it actually is . I also have trouble fitting my legally purchased CDs in the player , and the buttons feel cheap and flimsy . Save yourself money and troubles ...
 First off , I would like to state for the record that I have nothing against the hardware component of this product . It has performed flawlessly for me . However , I do not like the U3 software component of this drive ! In order for the stick to work , the software emulates a CD drive and autoruns the U3 software . On older machines , this can take as long as 5 minutes to recognize and install the stick !!! Compare to a Kingston DataTraveler on the same machine that takes 2-5 secs ! I 'm disappointed by this very inefficient way of interfacing .
 I owned a JVC GR DVM5 for 4 years and then the zoom function began to misbehave - - zooming in and out seemingly at will!I shopped around and decided on the JVC GRDVP7U.What a mistake!The image stablization function which worked so well on the DVM5 seems almost non-existent on the 7U ... And forget using the camera in low light - the focus mechanism can not get a handle on anything so continually changes focus on any poorly lit object - again way worse than the DVM5 . . and lastly - background recording noise from the motor whir is REALLY loud and distracting on playback in any quiet situation ... How can a product produced 4 years later be so inferior from the same company?My sugestion - try another product !
 APC no longer supports this product . The connector on ours went bad , and below is the response I received.Thank you for contacting APC 's email support on 04/24/2009 01:13 PM . I would be happy to assist you.Tim , I am afraid to say that APC has phased out the UPA9 and its accessories . So you can not purchase them in future from APC.If you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to contact me by responding to this incident . It would be my pleasure to ensure that your issue is quickly resolved!Solutions to most common customer problems can be found in our APC Knowledge Base which can be found at : http://nam-en.apc.com/cgi-bin/nam_en.cfg/php/enduser/std_alp.php?ISOCountryCode=usThank you for choosing APC !
 This radio was very hard to learn to use . It does not warn of winter weather advisories . However it does do avalanche warnings -LRB- none of those in Ohio -RRB- . I bought this radio to travel with , however it only holds 6 county codes . We had to print off all the county codes from the internet for the areas in which we will be traveling . When we leave each county we have to change the code the radio is set too . When we leave our 6 stored counties we have to reprogram the next 6 in it.Takes too much preparation . Many times we do not know where we are going when we travel . Would be a little easier if it came with a book of county codes . However we did download and print off the codes for our state.I guess you get what you pay for . We are currently under a level 1 winter weather advisory , with a hazardous outlook for the next 14 hours and the radio will not report this . Had we been traveling we would not have known .
 When I recieved this skin I was very happy that I could protect my expensive iPod Video.I was very dissapointed in the skin when it would not hold the iPod . The skin kept falling off .
 Apparently , my laptop 2.5 '' ATA HDD is not `` 9.5 mm thick or thinner '' . It would not interface with this enclosure . I use a Dell Inspiron 6000 laptop . I 'm returning this product .
 You 'd think if you were going to design a cable you 'd coat with something somewhat flexible . Not at RCA . It 's like they took the finer attributes of a quality garden hose and applied them to this cable . In fact , it 's so rigid I had a hard time stuffing it into my 20 gallon garbage can .
 I 've had this camera for less than a year . I have to ship it out for repair for a fourth time tomorrow . The first three times it went out were for focus problems . This time Canon actually shipped it back to me broken . With a new problem , not even what I send it in for . Each time I send it in it 's at least two weeks . They promised me this time a manager would look at it . They promised me that last time and it did n't seem to matter much . To me , it 's an expensive piece of junk .
 Enough has been said about this camera . There 's full in depth reviews about performance and specs , but one thing that never gets brought up is the LCD live view . I do n't understand why canon 's cheaper point and shoot cameras have the active LCD where you do n't need to look through the viewfinder to shoot , but the 10d , 20d , and 30d all lack this feature which is probably the most convenient as it becomes more versatile when shooting in awkward positions , areas . Now , canon has finally given us the Live LCD with the 40d . Good job canon for taking 5 years to incorporate something that a cheap $ 100 point and shoot camera already has . This was a huge disappointment when i got my camera .
 It probably would hold the iPod pretty well , but I returned it before giving it a fair trial in that aspect . For the price -- you do n't get a whole lot of protection . There 's nothing to secure the top , and the iPod has to be completely removed from the carrying case in order to use the click wheel and view the screen .
 This carrying case worked well for me until I jumped in my car and the case caught on the door frame and the belt clip ripped right off of it , causing my iPod to fall to the pavement . It turns out the clip is n't fastened on all that securely .
 This product is awful . It came fast , but not fast enough I was going on a trip and I did not have it by the time I left so I did not use it right away . When I did use it I plugged it in and in less then a minute it started sparking and smelling like burning plastic . I had not even connected my iPod to it yet . Even after I had unplugged it sparks were still going off inside . Very dangerous , do NOT buy this . Not even worth trying to get a refund for how cheap it was . You really get what you pay for with this .
 I do n't know if it was just that this charger does n't work on ipod videos , but mine did n't even charge . The red light came on , but when i plugged it in nothing happened . I was lucky i had the USB cord or i would have nothing . So basically , the one I received was either defective or these just do n't work
 Buy a warranty from Repairmaster Warrantech at your own risk . I bought a 56 '' D-ILA television for more than $ 3000.00 -LRB- not including tax or warranty -RRB- and warranties totaling over $ 369.00 from Repairmaster / Warrantech . Before I bought them I called their customer service to make sure it covered the `` light engine '' because research told me it was a very expensive part , I was told that was a covered repair . 3 and a half years later -LRB- with a year and a half left of the 5 year warranty -RRB- the light engine went , I called and was again told by the representative it was covered . They sent a tech out -LRB- about a week later -RRB- and he confirmed that was the part that failed on the TV . Called Repairmaster / Warrantech again and was told it would be a week before they made a decision , a week later I was told they were n't going to fix the TV but replace it and they 'd contact me in about another week or so to tell me what they were going to replace it with . Well a week later they told me they were going to replace the TV with a Mitsubishi DLP which is not in any way comparable to the television it would be replacing -LRB- would YOU take a Geo to replace your BMW ? -RRB- so I asked what the cash out option was and was told $ 1194.99 , the cost of the Mitsubishi . I researched for a week and could n't find ANY TV in that price range even close to comparible . I opted for the cash out anyway , figuring I 'd have to put about $ 800.00 of my own money with it to get something even close to comparable and was told it would arrive in the form of a gift card in 3 to 5 days , when it did n't come I called again -LRB- several times -RRB- and I 'm still waiting -LRB- it 's been a month and a half since the problem started -RRB- . Not only do I feel ripped off but lied to as well . Time will tell if I see any settlement at all , or if I have to take them to court to get my measly settlement . I 've since read reviews on others who have had bad dealings with Repairmaster / Warrantech and thought I 'd add my voice to the group in hopes of helping others to avoid the disappointment and frustration I 've experienced . Had there been reviews of this company back when I was looking for the warranty I certainly would have passed on buying my extended warranties from Repairmaster / Warrantech . I 've read many good reviews on the Square Trade warranties sold on Amazon -LRB- they currently pay the price you paid for the TV if they opt not to fix it , not what THEY consider to be a comparable unit -RRB- when I do get my replacement I certainly wo n't be looking to Repairmaster Warrantech to purchase my extended warranty , Square Trade here I come ! This review has been my experience with this company , your results may vary , only you can decide if you want to take a chance on having a similar experience .
 I once bought THREE of these things ... at least two of them from Amazon . -LRB- The actual model number was different -- XVC20U in black -- but it 's basically the same combo deck they 've been selling for several years now . Now they 've added progressive scan and DVD burner , other than that it looks like the exact same thing that I bought . -RRB- They worked fine at first , but after a while , DVDs started freezing up on them . Oddly , I have absolutely NO trouble playing music CDs in the very same drives.DVD freezing has happens on ALL THREE of them , but it is worse on the unit I have used most . It seems to do it less when the machine or the DVD has cooled down . It gets worse over time . Lens cleaning with a disc-brusher , lens cleaning via taking off the case for direct contact cleaning , and air-pressured dusting -- all do no good.Anyway , thanks to JVC I ended up with several hundred dollars worth of DVD players that do n't play DVDs ... other reviews -LRB- under various model numbers -RRB- suggest there 's not a chance JVC will make good on them.I have had , in the past , good luck with JVC TVs and car stereo units , and I try to stay loyal to brands , suppliers and what not . But I seriously doubt I will be making any other JVC purchases due to these things . I suppose JVC does n't place much value on their brand or image or they would n't have dumped this stuff into the marketplace.It seems to be getting harder and harder to find companies that bother to make products that are actually worth what you pay for them . I suppose companies that rip-off customers and laugh their way to the bank must be part of the `` new economy '' I keep hearing about .
 `` Audio outputs
 I 'll never buy another JVC product again . A month after I bought this it began going into `` loading '' mode - which is apparently what it does when first being plugged in . After searching the poorly written manual in vain for a solution , I called them and had to pack up the thing and send it in for repair . Now , it is doing the same thing again , more and more frequently and the only solution is to unplug it and then start all over again . This makes watching tapes and DVDs pretty tedious . Forget taping anything , as you never know if it will do this during taping . Too much money , too little service and pretty much a crummy product .
 I could never get this HP pc to boot even with the `` assistance '' of HP support . This assistance required over four hours of my time on the telephone . After the first two hours of this assistance HP sent me a recovery cd packet which took three days to arrive in the mail . It did not solve the boot problem . This required another two hours of my telephone time . HP support finally gave up and said it might be a defective hard drive . I also gave up and returned the pc as per your return policy instructions . So much for my experience with HP computers !
 I had a similar problem of the system crashing . I ordered recovery disk from HP and it kept saying that the model is not compatible .
 Totally a bait and switch . No USB cable , no driver software , no toner . Cant get to work ! Called to fix and guys said tough luck buddy .
 This charger has a limited 3 year warranty . Warning
 This product worked fine for me for about a year until the power supply failed . This was very inconvenient , and caused my client to have a gap in their data backup . Iomega were good enough to send me a replacement.After about another year the replacement power supply failed . Another gap in my clients data backup , not to mention a small dent in their confidence in me . This time Iomega were unwilling to replace , and so I had to buy another replacement power supply .
 On paper this product is ideal for small businesses that want a low cost solution to backing up multiple gigabytes of data.As described by other reviewers the installation is not always smooth and is by no means intuitive.I 've setup 4 customers with this solution and it seems to backup fine but beware that restoration can present very serious problems if any part of the disk/tape is corrupted.At the root of these backup disks is a small index file and if damaged in some way it can COMPLETELY prevent the restoration of your data . Even if the data is clearly visible with the appended IOMEGA file extension -LRB- * . iab -RRB- you ca n't restore your data.Iomega provides a small utility to help address this shortcoming but it does n't work if compression is enabled in the backup software -LRB- but compression is enabled by default in the software ! -RRB- . They do have an advanced data restoration department presumably to help with these problems but they charge hefty fees.This is really an unconscionable way to design a backup solution . I would consider another vendor , possibly an online solution .
 It works great for backing up a small hard drives less than 35 GB . I really liked my Rev External Drive , so I even bought the Iomega company stocks
 I 've purchased 3 REV drives for my company , and used them all extensively . But as of 2006 , REV technology appears obsolete . Why ? The speed . Write speeds are frustratingly slow , and read speeds are n't impressive , either.Today , the new USB portable hard drives from Seagate -LRB- 100GB portable drive -RRB- and Western Digital -LRB- 80GB -RRB- are a much better option . Yes , they 're a bit more cost in terms of dollars per GB , but unless your time has absolutely no value , you 'll make up the cost difference in time savings when reading or writing files . Plus , remember that with the REV drive , you have to spend $ 350 or so up front just for the drive alone . The 35GB cartridges must be purchased separately at additional cost . -LRB- At well over $ 1 per GB , by the way . -RRB- Bottom line
 Buyer Beware . There are no drivers available for using this scanner with Windows Vista or Win 7 . If you need a boat anchor , it 's fine , but that 's all its good for . HP does not support their own equipment , so I wo n't ever be buying another HP product again .
 I 'm a rabid photographer of scenery , wildlife , friends , families and pets . I take pictures with tripods , while walking , from horseback , from the car , during parties , indoors , outdoors ... whenever it strikes me to take a photo . I would estimate that I take at least 300 photos a month . I currently have an olympus 740 so I bought the nikon looking to get a little smaller camera with the same zoom capabilities but with image stabilization . I read the manual to this camera from cover to cover and it has lots of options to tinker with . I took more than 1000 photos in every situation I could think of and eventually ended up returning the camera because of the medium indoor low light issues.The good : The camera has a NICE brushed metal feel to it . Looks like it would hold up well and not show scratches easily and feels quite sturdy.It 's really comfortable and easy to hold the camera and either telescope the lens or press the shutter without straining your hand.The LCD has great resolution and colors . Some people do n't like that it does n't have a viewfinder but I hardly use a viewfinder.Rechargable battery -LRB- although the initial charging time is something like 8 or 10 hours , the later chargings are less -RRB- . The lens cap just flips back with an easy touch , no pulling it off and having it dangle and bounce into action shots.The camera worked great for scenery shots during the day.I took some great moonlight shots without the use of a tripod with this camera using some of the many , many features . My other camera could never take these shots.I liked that there was n't an external telescoping lens and the lens did all its telescoping inside the cylinder.I was impressed with the shutter speed and zoom capabilities.Image stabilization was awesome in sunlight.What I did n't like : I found that ANY dust on the lens created an orb in the photo and I had to keep cleaning the lens because dust would easily get into the cool snap cover.Low indoor light made for blurry -LRB- or sometimes grainy images -RRB- , even with image stabilization and I had to tinker with a lot of the settings to get half way decent photos and even then they were n't great.If I used a flash in low light , it often whited out people 's faces . My friends thought that the flash was too blinding but I ca n't speak for this because I did n't see it . I used tons of settings -LRB- much to my friends ' frustration -RRB- to try to find a good setting and I did n't find one.Direct sunlight caused lots of sunspots -LRB- I think because of the lens angle because the same exact shot with my olympus had no sunspot and it was seconds between shots -RRB- but you could use polarizing sunglasses over the lens for a super easy fix.The light from the flash does n't always bounce as one would expect . I 'm not sure if it 's because of the angle of the turned lens cylinder or what but it the light did n't seem to spread naturally and would end up either too focused or weirdly casted shadows would appear . Again I 'd take the same photo with my olympus which has a different flash placement and the photos would turn out fine.I took some shots of my pets indoors and they did n't like the flashing red light the camera uses for measuring/focus in low light.I had a lot of color issues -LRB- mostly a yellowing of the images -RRB- under flourescent lights in a lot of low light photos but I could fix them Adobe photoshop.This could have been a bad camera but just in case you buy this and have the same issues , you 'll know it 's not just you : -RRB-
 We had this camera for almost two years and it broke . The screen just went black -LRB- although you could see the menu -RRB- . We had even pre-ordered just when it was coming out . Overall the camera has been good and the only 10x optical zoom out there . I have had problems with the blurr feature that wo n't turn off . However , having to pay over $ 100 for Nikon to fix our camera is a waste . I had heard someone else had the same problem in the same time frame . I had a Minolta for years with no problems and am disappointed in the quality of this one that has such expensive repairs .
 I paid too much for this product . I wanted a Camera that was lightweight with good zoom that I could pack hunting to take pictures of wildlife . It 's a little heavier than I wanted , and the zoom is difficult . The LED does not work very well in any kind of light and it really needs a view port . I 'm also unhappy with the delay between actually taking the picture and the picture frame . My wife does n't even want it !
 Amazon 's price is more than a hundred dollars higher than the typical price all over the web . What gives , Amazon?Best feature
 I purchased this camera because I wanted a camera small enough to carry in my pocket but had a 10X zoom . I am an artist and I use a cameras to take pictures to paint from . The S10 does not have a viewfinder and on a bright day I can not see the image in the LCD screen . I purchased a folding shield but it did not help . The camera is totally unacceptable for outdoor use and who needs a 10X zoom for indoor .
 Just the camera I wanted but I could not load the nikon program in my computer . I returned to Beach Camera and they were very prompt on the refund without a restocking fee .
 I really do n't know how to write a `` helpful '' review for this camera , I 'm not a photographer ; all I can say is that I was NOT satisfied with my purchase , so ... *** If you 're having trouble deciding which digital camera to get -LRB- like I was a few months ago -RRB- , save your time and effort and start looking at other cameras . *** Here are my complaints : Flash is too strong -LRB- blinding , in fact -RRB- . Please do NOT take this complaint lightly , the flash is brighter than you think -LRB- it actually HURTS , I 'm talking physical pain here -RRB- . I actually fear it might have some long term effects , this alone is a deal-breaker for me ! It 's beyond me how this got past the testing stages at Nikon.Sure , you can turn the flash off . But that only brings me to my other major complaint ! The lighting must be almost PERFECT if you want to take a semi-decent picture without the flash.The lens do not respond well to artificial lighting , AT ALL , pictures either come out all grainy -LRB- if it 's slightly dark -RRB- or with huge white patches all over if there 's a lot of light in the background.Even when the lighting is almost perfect , you lose a LOT of quality -LRB- even when using the highest settings , 6MP -RRB- . The scene modes did n't help much , I tried everything , all the different modes offer so little difference , very gimicky in my opinion.Even if you want to endure the pain and suffering of the mighty flash , there 's a chance the pictures will come out somewhat unclear , why ? I have NO clue what so ever . I might take the same exact picture at the same exact conditions and settings a minute apart and a SLIGHTLY different pose -LRB- but still stable -RRB- , and one would be blurry while the other is crystal clear!Must admit though , the swivel design is VERY practical and makes things so much easier . The video mode is great as well.If you do n't mind inflicting serious pain onto yourself and others via the blinding flash , then I must admit , the pictures do come out nicely . -LRB- most of the time -RRB-
 This was a good printer when Canon supported it . Now that we have upgraded to Windows 7 64 bit the printer is useless to us . Beware if you have a newer computer .
 This is a good printer/copier however , we upgraded a system to Windows-7 64-bit recently and the printer is unusable with that system now because Canon does n't -LRB- and from what I understand does not intend to in the future -RRB- have a 64-bit driver offering for Windows-7 , so over time it 's going to become a paper weight despite its quality .
 These do n't even fit the screen ! Save your money and buy yourself a good lunch somewhere instead .
 The picture shows a 4 pin molex to three pin female ... the three pin is actually a 3 pin male adapter ... so it will not connect to your mobo like it says it will ... one of the pins on the molex connectors snapped the first day i had it too ... spend the extra money and get quality cables DONT BUY
 After 3 months of normal usage , the large inside pocket ripped at the seams . I contacted Tucano for a replacement as they have a ' 2-year guarantee ' . They were nice at first but continued to give me the runaround , and eventually ceased to respond to my emails.picture of product in question :[ ... -RSB-
 This bag fits my needs , however after opening the box I was dismayed to see that the bag did not look like it was portrayed online . I was very disappointed , but since it fits my needs , I kept it . It does and has every thing I need or want it to do .
 It 's a tough job to add a useful keypad to a device that was n't built with that in mind . This one is very lightweight , so the balance of the combined palm -LRB- m515 in my case -RRB- and thumb board is wrong , which further aggravates typing , and of course it 's a hassle to use if you have the palm in a case of some sort.The supplied software did n't work with the m515 at all -- it never noticed the device . I had to download an update from the manufacturer 's website , which itself is very hard to find -LRB- the actual manufacturer is sakar -RRB- . But it does work . Unfortunately you have to use the blue FN key to enter numbers , and the space key is unnecessarily small . For some idiotic reason there 's no semicolon key -LRB- shifted , FNed , or otherwise -RRB- . Perhaps a better idea would be a cabled or wireless keyboard , rather than this . I doubt I 'll end up using it very often .
 Worked well for 3.5 years , but then the flyback went out on it . I do not think a tv as new as it was should be going out so soon . Will probably just buy a new TV since the repair will cost almost half of what it is worth .
 I used this a few times , and then I upgraded the OS and had to load the drivers back on the Pocket PC . Unfortunately , I lost the disk and Sakars 's website has no driver downloads for this device . So this device is useless . If anyone has the driver files which came on the disk , can you please email them to me at rachtenb@bellsouth.net.Thanks,
 To enable the thumboard to work you must load the software to your PC and then sync . The problem I have is that I travel and periodically have to reboot the IPAQ which causes the software to be dumped from memory . Like one of the previous complaints , since iConcepts is n't `` web friendly '' I ca n't download the software so I must wait until I return home to reload ... pain .
 It says on the box that this product is produced by iConcepts , a branch of Sakar International . Neither of these names are googlable . There is no help no help number or website on the box . The only piece of information I can find on them after intensive search is an address in Edison , NJ.Their obscurity would n't be a problem if their product actually worked , but when I plug it into my IPAQ H3800 running WinCE 3.0 , it does nothing . If anyone knows any tricks to get this to work , please post it . Another major shortcoming is that it does n't fit around an expansion pack .
 It says on the box that this product is produced by iConcepts , a branch of Sakar International . Neither of these names are googlable . There is no help no help number or website on the box . The only piece of information I can find on them after intensive search is an address in Edison , NJ.Their obscurity would n't be a problem if their product actually worked , but when I plug it into my IPAQ H3800 running WinCE 3.0 , it does nothing . If anyone knows any tricks to get this to work , please post it . Another major shortcoming is that it does n't fit around an expansion pack .
 The software wo n't load and that renders the keyboard useless . I can not get any support from I Concepts or Amazon . A bummer
 I do n't like this case . IT GETS 0 STARS . The leather is cheap and the fit is horrible . My M105 slides around ! My advice
 I 'm very disappointed with the product because although it says that the Kit is for `` Palm m100/m105/m125 '' neither the stylus nor the screen protectors fits the m125 size . It 's not fair that from an offering of 4 products I finally used just two of them !
 First off , this vendor apparently does n't ship the product they advertise . While the product description clearly shows Fuji HQ , what I got was just plain old Fujicolor ; not the same film at all . That kinda sucks . And from reading other reviews here , that seems to be the way they roll.Now , to keep things in perspective , it 's not the end of the world . Rather than go through the hassle of returning the film -LRB- which after all was only about $ 8 -RRB- , I 'm going to try it out . How bad could it be ? I know Fuji makes good film in general . And the other good thing was that the film was well within its expiration date -LRB- my film was dated 2014 , plenty of time to go -RRB- , unlike some vendors who ship outdated film.But really , guys , if you show HQ , you ought to ship HQ , or change your description to match what you actually send . Otherwise , this is a deceptive sales practice . I know HQ is good , since I used it for years
 Warning !!! Do Not Buy This Product !!! Expiration Date Too Close !!!! -LRB- 2 months for 4 cartridges -RRB- And you will lose too much money to justify sending it back to them !!!
 Shipped very promptly but discovered it was n't APS film . Tried to return but never heard back from vendor .
 This stylus has a normal looking button at the top for extending/retracting the various tips . In order to switch between the PDA tip , the pen tip , and the pencil tip you must push this button at the top in 1 of 4 directions as you push it down . This is awkward and sometimes does n't work correctly . I will sometimes get the pen when I expected the PDA tip , which could cause some serious screen damage.Also , the button sometimes seems to get jammed up and you have to let go and try to push it down again . I ended up removing the pen and the pencil and now only use the pda pen.Not worth the money in my opinion .
 I thought I would use this pen as a replacement for my Belkin 4 in 1 , Bad Bad idea . The black started peeling off within a week of having this stupid pen . Black and Red ink is no good -LRB- fade away -RRB- . Stay away from this pen .
 Cons : - The black paint where you hold the pen peels off , you are leaft with an unsightly yellowish copper color . - Black and red ink are bad quality and fade in an out . Red in my pen is actually intermittement . - The cap at he top is too tall and sticks out noticably.Pros : - Better than the skinny stylus . ________________________________ Bottom line . I would n't buy it again .
 I have misplaced my 3-in-1 Stealth from Platinum pen company and started using the iConcepts pen that I have got as a present . It was a nightmare . Black inc was not working right out of the box -LRB- I had to replace it -RRB- , the pencil broke in about 5 days and the stylus part was sticking out of its place every second time , so I have to disassemble the pen to stick it in . In about 10 days of use the black and silver pain that covered the pen started peeling out making it looking awkward . I have struggled a month with it and just yesterday found my misplaced Stealth . What a difference ! The iConcepts went to garbage same day . If you like multi-functional pens , avoid this one , use Stealth instead .
 I had the same blackout problem , only mine occured with about two weeks left on my warranty . It did n't help . I 've had five telephone contacts with HP Tech Support . On the initial call the technician diagnosed the monitor as defective and told me HP would replace it at no charge , but since then all I 've gotten is the run-around . Everytime I think we are about to get this issue resolved , the HP staff comes up with another roadblock . On every call I 've had to re-submit all my personal info and the info about my monitor -LRB- e.g. serial number , etc -RRB- , which leaves me wondering why HP even bothers to assign a service ticket # if the file does n't include the info . Three of the calls have ended with me being told , after several minutes of discussing the problem with the tech , that `` Our system is down for an upgrade at the moment ... can you call back later ? '' I 'm convinced that line is part of the script the techs follow . On the most recent call I thought we were making progress , only to be told at the end that the serial number on my monitor did not match any of HP 's records . I 'm on the verge of giving up and buying a brand new monitor ... which most definitely will not be made by HP .
 I purchased a computer package that included the hp vs15 15 '' monitor . I loved it while it worked the first year . 3 months after the year warrenty , the screen started flickering for a couple of days than eventually blacked out . Contacted HP and of course they told me that there was nothing they could do except send me to a sight to find a place to get it repaired . I really expect a monitor to last longer than a year for the price that they run . Will not purchase HP again .
 We also obtained the monitor as part of a package with computer and printer . Our 3 year extended warranty only covered the computer , we were told today . Less than three years seems a short product life for a monitor . I guess we were luckier than some who purchased one . I would NOT recommend this one .
 I had the exact same experience as Sharon . I received the HP vs15c as part of my package deal for a new HP computer . 1 month after the warranty expired on my monitor , the screen flickered for one day , and then by the days end it would no longer turn on . Customer service was of no help at all , and said that I would need to purchase a new one . Fortunately , I had purchased it with an Amex card , which offers buyer protection , and they credited me for the original price of the monitor . Now I 'm going to go and get a new one , and I do n't plan to buy HP !!
 My daughter 's HP vs15 monitor just blacked out . It is deader than a doornail . Based on the other reviews I have seen , I will not even bother calling HP customer service . It appears that they consider these cheap little monitors to be expendable items , like ink cartridges . Avoid !
 The cradle does not hold the PDA firmly causing sync problem because the connection can be lost half way during the sync process . The workmanship is very lousy . Never buy it .
 I used 2 rolls of this 4 pack and ended up throwing the other 2 rolls away . The color is dull like you wouldnt believe , looks like a B&W picture with a slight color tone to it . It is not sharp at all , and there is a considerable amount of grain EVEN WITH IT BEING ASA 100 SPEED FILM ! This is the worst film I have ever used .
 I purchased this as an `` add-on '' to sync & charge my M500 at the office , leaving the one that came with my Palm at home.From the start it was intermittent at performing a HotSync , or even at charging . Eventually -LRB- 2 weeks -RRB- it stopped working at all . Since I had lost the receipt , I decided to take it apart and see what I could do.The problem is that the connector block itself -LRB- that mates with the bottom of the Palm -RRB- is only seated by a -LRB- very -RRB- shallow `` ledge '' in the base and the flanges -LRB- ! -RRB- of two screws . Since this arrangement is not very resistent to the frequent in-and-out that a Palm is subject to , the connector block worked loose . This initially caused problems in seating the connector block , requiring more force be used to make the connection and downward pressure on the block broke two of the wires , from the PC board , soldered to pins in the conector block.At some point I 'll take a soldering pencil and reconnect the wires , and put two slim screws through the block to the cradle base to hold it in place.In the meantime , I 've purchased a hotsynce/charger USB cable -LRB- instead of the cradle -RRB- and we will see how well that one fares .
 Bought it as a cradle for the home . The Palm cradle , that came with the handheld , stays at work . The iConcepts cradle worked fine for a couple of days and than stopped being recognized by the computer -LRB- incidently , it 's the same laptop I use at work -RRB- . The charging mechanism still functions , but it no longer performs a HotSync . Upon investigation , it appears the USB/Serial cable running into the cradle has worked itself loose . The base of the cradle swivels . The cable appeared to be pressed against the base and the cradle . Every time the cradle swivled , excess force was placed on the cable where it entered the cradle , eventually loosening the connection.My advice , spend the extra -LSB- money -RSB- and buy the cradle made by Palm .
 cradle is fine and securely holds my clie , but the screen flickers a lot while charging . also looks cheaply constructed with a few exposed wires .
 When you have your Clie in the cradle the back light on the Clie 's display flickers at a 60 hz rate . I can not believe that 's good for the Clie and since I 'm very fond of my little PDA I 'm NOT going to use this cradle . If I ca n't get it returned I 'm going to junk it and buy the Sony cradle . I 'll rest easier .
 First off - I only gave it one star because I had to . I would rather have given it a zero.The item says that it is a travel charger for said PDA models . That it `` Includes US , UK , European & Australian Plugs '' . The fact of the matter is - that is a bold faced lie . It has ONE plug -LRB- not plural like it states -RRB- and the one said plug will fit into an American US outlet only.I also tried contacting the maker , who 's information is on the back of the package . After 32 plus minutes on hold with no operator or customer service person to answer - I gave up . I also tried sending an e-mail to their website and the e-mail was returned saying that the e-mail address did not exist .
 This was a great all-round printer for two years -- fast black and white printing and lovely glossy photo printing -- just what I wanted . Then the color printing problems started . Tests showed yellow was not printing at all , and cyan was streaking badly -- even though the machine 's own diagnostic utility said the cartridges were half full . I bought two new cartridges -LRB- $ 44 each -RRB- but when I installed them machine then then told me the magenta cartridge -LRB- which had not previously had any problems , and which was nearly completely full -RRB- , needed to be replaced . It would n't even let me print a test page to see if the new blue and yellow cartridges had solved those problems!I ca n't decide if I should buy the magenta cartridge -LRB- probably bringing my total of wasted $ $ over $ 130 -RRB- or if I should just toss the machine and get a DeskJet 2545 for $ 45 to print photos .
 That 's the title of someone 's feedback , and that 's my feedback , too . It gave me every kind of trouble . More details soon ; here is the result . After days of emails and 7 pages of fix-it instructions for my brand new 1200 , HP finally said they would take back my new printer , give me a refurbished printer , if I paid them $ 35.00 -- and the refurbished printer would be out of warrenty.Here are the faults
 HP Business Inkjet 1200DTN Color Printerproblem after a lightly used 12 months the head alignment program from `` settings '' is permanently turned on . This causes a test pattern to print out after each printing job . Technical support could n't care less -- would n't even pretend to show interest .
 I have had this printer for a couple of years , it started out of the gate as a great printer , but shortly before I went thru my first ream of paper , the print started to streak and smear . Did many head cleanings and nothing fixed the problem . I ordered brand new print heads -LRB- four of them -RRB- and I might remind you , the diagnostic program said the print heads were still in good condition . After putting in the new prints heads , the printer was working great again . Shortly after I used up my next Ream of paper , the printer started acting the same way again . The Print head design on this printer is just horrible . I would n't recommend purchasing this printer . The printer heads are suppose to be good for 10,0000 pages , not 200 pages .
 I ordered the HP1200 because it is advertised as new and we needed a reliable printer . Unfortunately the printer was defective .
 I absolutely despise our printer . I ca n't wait to get a new printer and I will make sure it is not HP -LRB- NEVER AGAIN ! -RRB- and that it is not microchipped to fail . Yes , that 's right
 So I ordered this printer ... Have you ever heard of getting a printer with NO POWER CABLE ? If this was not included , it should have been mentioned.I expected to have to purchase Ink , Printheads and a Printer Cable ... But No Power cable ... `` What 's in the Box :1200 d printer , automatic two-sided printing unit , power cord , AC power adapter , getting started guide , setup poster , regulatory leaflet , support flyer , software CD-ROM , HP 11 printheads -LRB- black , cyan , magenta , and yellow -RRB- , HP 10 black ink cartridge -LRB- 26.5 ml -RRB- , HP 11 color cartridges -LRB- cyan , magenta , and yellow , 14 ml each -RRB- ; printer cable not included . ''
 Setting this up was a disaster . Very poor documentation , it took twenty minutes to figure out even how to open the cartridges . Then all hell broke loose , it refused to recognize them , and HP 's 24/7 phone support turns out to be only 12 hours a day for inkjet printers . After 5 hours of struggling , I went to bed , called the next morning , and finally ascertained the wrong cartridges shipped with the printer . On the plus side , both HP and Staples were more than willing to exchange it , but the Staples manager also told me a lot of people have trouble with these cartridges .
 Bad design , it is a numbered plate where a keystone jack opening is too big . The jacks stick out the front , instead of being flush . bad product . i hate it .
 I phoned the company and found that this microscope only comes with a two year warranty . I found similar microscopes online for the same price that offer a lifetime warranty , and I ended up purchasing one from the Home Training Tools site .
 This is my second Visioneer scanner and although I liked the first one -LRB- replaced because the glass broke -RRB- , this one has been a hassle . ALL of my pictures scan in with a red tint to them . I have been to their web site with no answers to help me and I refuse to call tech support since they charge $ 2.00 a minute . I 've come across a similar complaint on the web with no solution . This is not a scanner I would recommend .
 There is no other way to put it . All Visioneers are garbage . Purchased my 2nd one -LRB- after first one died for no reason after a year -RRB- and have experienced many problems . Lately it wo n't let me scan anything because of an error saying to `` unlock your scanner '' . There is no Freakin lock on the darn thing !!! After contacting the company many many times -LRB- btw - there customer service sucks ! - No telephone number , unless u pay $ 2 per minute , just a computer-generated machine that unsuccessfully helps you called SARA -RRB- . I finally put a claim in through the Better Busines Beaureau , there response was that they could n't send me a new scanner cause it was after 1 year of my purchase , but they would be so kind enough as to let me purchase a new one and give me 25 % off of their price -LRB- which was probably an elevated price -RRB- . I told them to kiss off ! Anyway - please do n't buy this product or any Visioneer product - they Suck !
 I bought three of them last year-all different models . One for home , one for the office and one for a co-worker . We have hardly ever used any of them , but now all of them suffer the same problem
 Scanning a perfect circle results in ovals . Not so much so that you 'd notice . But it is another reason to avoid this -LRB- or any other -RRB- dirt-cheap scanner .
 Simply put - this is the worst scanner I have ever used . The printed/electronic output can not be read most of the time . Ca n't figure out whether there are software or hardware issues.BUYER BEWARE !
 While checking this microscope it worked great until I got to the100X objective . It can not be focused at 100X . The objective hitsthe slide on the stage and needs more travel distance to focus.I placed a piece of transparant tape , with pen writings on it , and the objective hits the tape and goes a little farther beforeit focuses . Obviously , this is unacceptable ! I called themanufactor and they were unable to give me an explanation.I hope this is just a defective unit and not a design defect.I am returning the microscope and exchanging it for anotherone . If it works then I will give it the highest grade possible .
 Took 27 shots for a project . Half underwater , half in highly lighted room . Not a single one turned out . Got the film and CD back to only show 7 photos that look like they had been developed in mud.Thanks for a crappy camera and waste of money !
 A waterproof camera ? Yes , but not one worth taking more than 5 feet under water . If you want to use this for open water , you are better off taking a mental image than spending your money on this . If you want to use this in a swimming pool that has crystal clear water on a sunny day , do n't go below 5 feet and you 'll OK .
 Bought this camera for underwater use on vacation . Based on the reviews I was excited that I had found a product for such a reasonable price that would capture underwater images.Just had the pictures developed and they are completely unintelligible . What a horrible product . I would rate this at less than one star if Amazon allowed since the photos are basically useless . Even at close distance the camera produced blurry images with no discernible sea life . And most photos were only a picture of complete blue -LRB- the water -RRB- . Do n't waste your money !! Sooo disappointed .
 My daughter took it to Australia this summer to capture the great barrier reef . It did n't come out well . Blurry and about 3/4 of the pics were black and unable to print . So I would not buy again . Disappointing ! : -LRB-
 We purchased four of these cameras for our son as a christmas gift . We were making our first trip to Hawaii . We had a beautiful day on the water during our snorkeling trip , we saw sea turtles , humpback whales and loads of fish . Almost no pictures turned out and nearly all were shot at less than ten feet from the subjects . The turtles were almost in front of our faces . The ones we could use require extensive work with PhotoShop in order to even make them out . The couple we took from the deck of the boat were fine . The water pictures were a grainy grey green and fuzzy . When you looked underwater while snorkeling you could see at least thirty feet to the bottom . I would not buy these again and will be contacting Fuji !
 The camera was open when i received it . There was a HUGE Scratch on the lens cover making picture taking impossible . There were already 3 pictures taken on the camera when i received it . I order the same camera from another company it it worked great . The product is great the company is cheap .
 I purchased 2 of these cameras to use in a water park , not one picture came out ! My friend had the same issue . I suggest only get these if you are in the carribian with the sun blasting otherwise you are wasting your money and will be dissipointed because your family vacation photos wont come out .
 THIS PRODUCT IS DEFECTIVE . I honeymooned in cancun mexico everything was lit up and this camera 's pictures produced crap . it looks like these pictures were taken in 1972 . they are horrible and blurry . should have just bought a digital waterproof camera by the time i paid for these and had the horrid pictures developed .
 I used this camera while snorkeling on St. John . Funny , I do n't remember the water being so blue . There must be a blue filter or something on the camera . The pictures came out very hazy and the land pictures were blurry . I 'm disappointed because the photos would have been gorgeous . It was very hot , so the condensation or saltwater must have done something to the camera . I would do what another user did in the future , rent an underwater camera .
 Made the mistake of taking this camera on a trip to the Great Barrier Reef . Pictures were horrible . Resolution is beyond bad and the colors were even worse . Guess you get what you pay for.Fuji products are not well made .
 DO N'T buy this camera from Amazon . -LRB- actually you ca n't anyways -RRB- . We ordered this camera for our upcoming cruise . As time was tight we chose the more expensive purchasing option from Amazon.com as it was listed as `` In Stock '' and `` available for PRIME Shipping '' . I ordered it with Prime Shipping for 2 day delivery . Well 2 days came and went and no camera . I went back to my original order and noticed that the estimated delivery date was a week in the future ? How could this be if it was `` In stock '' and a ordered with 2 day shipping ? I cancelled and re-orded with over night shipping . The estimated delivery date was STILL a week away ! That is when I saw that the `` ships and sold by Amazon.com '' descprition I saw when I placed the order changed on the delivery notice to `` Sold by MTA . . '' . Talk about bait and switch .
 Used this camera for our recent trip and the camera is absolute crap . We took such great pictures with this camera only to see that not one of the photographs came out decently . I have used the Kodak underwater camera previously with great results . Lesson learned I suppose , stay away from this camera !!
 I bought this camera for use at a waterpark . The very first time it was brought to a pool area , we noticed water in the clear plastic case . We attempted to take few pictures , but decided to not use it anymore and put it aside - just in case the first ones were able to be saved . We took the camera in to our store to have the photos developed and were contacted immediately saying that A -RRB- the box was wet and falling apart , B -RRB- the actual film was completely slimed and they were unable to save any pictures and C -RRB- there was n't even a battery in the camera . In contacting Fuji , i 've only gotten a runaround . They CLAIM they 'll make an exception -LRB- just this once -RRB- and send me a refund , but i have n't seen anything as of yet . Now maybe this was just a 1-time problem , but i wo n't buy anything Fuji again . What 's the saying '' `` Fool me once ... ''
 This camera is almost useless underwater . It is pointless unless you have perfect conditions . It was nice to take pictures while ` in the water ' because we were not worried about dropping it , but underwater no pictures came out at all . Most picture were taken in middle of afternoon with plenty of light and clear water . Camera was only a few inches under the ocean water and you really can not tell what is in the pictures . Very blurry and dark . Skip this one for underwater .
 This is the only underwater camera I have purchased , and I chose this one based on reviews here . I used the camera while snorkeling in Cancun , and only three photos even produced images . And those images were n't good . The first place I went , the water was n't super clear , but the photos were worse than I expected -- negatives show slide after slide of nothing . The next place we went snorkeling was a cenote -- a limestone cave . The cave was extremely dark and required flashlights part of the time . Not surprisingly , none of those photos came out . If you are snorkeling only in pristine water with perfect visibility , then maybe you will get some shots , but otherwise I 'd say do n't even bother bringing this camera with you . The viewfinder is tiny , and if you are wearing a snorkel mask , as I was , you wo n't be able to really see what you 're aiming at anyway .
 We purchased a pair of these cameras for a recent cruise to the Caribbean . After taking a bunch of fun water pictures in the ocean and cruise pools we could n't wait to see how they turned out at home . Unfortunately , water leaked into both cameras and got all over the film . The photos were basically useless ! I 'd recommend finding another waterproof camera , the case on these didnt not hold the water out .
 I used the camera both on dry land and underwater . . the pictures were all very blue in color tone . . I read the reviews and some buyers said on the dryland it was fine ... Not in my case . . but it does help to create memories of being underwater . . better than nothing .
 Wish I had held out for a camera with a flash . Used it for scuba at 25 feet in very clear water . I was not at all happy with the results .
 I bought this camera for a trip to Hawaii . I went snorkeling in the clearest water I have ever been in ; it was gorgeous and I saw so many beautiful fish . I tried to photograph them with this camera , and the pictures were horrible . They were all gray and non-descript . I was very , very disappointed . I would like to say it my developer , but I have taken many pictures to them and they are wonderful . I do not recommend this camera , even for novelty . It is a waste of money .
 Sadly , I have to say do n't bother buying this camera . I just returned from Florida , and the `` above water '' pictures I took are very grainy and foggy . The `` underwater '' pictures were so black that Walgreens did n't even bother printing them for me . What a waste of money . Bummer .
 Ordered two of these for our honeymoon . Took them snorkeling only to find out that one of them the case was n't properly closed and water entered the camera . This ruined the film and half of our pictures . We did n't check that the case was closed before entering the water , or if it opened because of being in our luggage , but either way , check the case well before use .
 This film may work fine for under water or dark situations -LRB- is is 800 speed after all -RRB- but results from normal daylight photos are very poor . I would n't even say photos were were better than nothing . Save your money .
 Piece . Of . Crap.I do n't know if it was the camera or the developer , but both were divisions of Fuji so I guess that is irrelevant . I maybe got one usable picture out of the 27 , so if you add the $ 10 cost of the camera to the $ 12 cost to develop , I paid $ 22 for one picture . It would have been cheaper to hire a professional underwater photographer to take my picture .
 I purchased this camera for use on a dolphin swim we took in the Bahamas and was horrified to see that the plastic casing became filled with water and the lens was all fogged up - I threw the camera in the garbage - what a let down and what a waste of money : -LRB-
 I bought 4 - one leaked , got only pictures from half of the photos , and they were poor . It was a waste of money .
 I 'm sure this product would work fine for potentially wet activities -LRB- like canoeing or boating -RRB- , but it is not built to stay submerged in water . I took this camera to Hawaii and went snorkeling a few times with this camera in my pocket . I did not dive below 15 feet , but somehow water was seeping into the camera.I took it apart and tried to dry it out , but the film was ruined and no where would develop it . Be careful how you use it .
 Bought 4 fuji underwater cameras for my grandchildren to bring on our family vacation to Atlantis , Bahamas . One did not work at all . The other 3 were hard for them to handle and wind . What a waste of money .
 I purchased this camera for our trip to Puerto Rico . I took the camera yesterday to be developed and not one picture turned out . You can see a slight image so I know it was processed , but it was EXTREMELY disappointing as we has so many wonderful memories captured on this camera . I do n't know what the issue was , and perhaps I just got one that did n't work by a fluke accident , but nonetheless am heartbroken not to have any memories captured .
 I ordered a 4 pack of these camera in August and when received the expiration was also the same month of August . No where in the description did it say these was discounted camera due to expiration date . Very disappointed .
 I used this camera in Hawaii . Any pictures taken underwater with this camera should be extremely close range , no more than a couple feet away , and the water has to be very clear and extremely well lit . The pictures will be a bit grainy and fuzzy . Which is to be expected to a certain degree . The best purpose for this camera is taking pictures in the water , but not necessarily under the water except under ideal conditions . I was n't too happy with this one , might be worth the extra cash to get one with flash on it , becaues at the end of the day when only a few pictures turn out , it 's not really worth it .
 I purchased this camera to take to the Grand Cayman Island . I took the camera to have it developed and was told that the film was BAD . Not one picture turned out .
 I purchased two of these cameras on a vacation in Hawaii . EVERY photo has a horrible blue haze , including both on land and underwater . The best photos are barely in focus , and everyone has a washed out dark aqua tint . Do n't waste your money .
 Though it 's waterproof , I had troubles with this camera while whitewater rafting in Utah during the summer . The plastic housing clouded in the heat , ~ 94 Fahrenheit -LRB- 34 Celsius -RRB- at maximum . I had to punch out the plastic housing in the lens area with a leatherman tool to make it workable but still could n't see through the viewfinder . Then it was n't waterproof !! . We took six along for a weeklong trek and all suffered the same fate . Others on our trip with this model Fuji had the same problem so it was n't an isolated batch problem . People using a couple of Kodak waterproof models had no problems . The Fuji had no problems in cooler conditions but then again , Fuji engineers should take all conditions into consideration when making such a camera .
 my wife and i bought 3 of these cameras for our trip to St Maarten . the ones we took above water for the most part came out fine -LRB- as expected with any camera -RRB- but the underwater pics were cloudy and didnt pick up the colors of the fish/sea life we photographed . You are better off drawing an underwater picture w / crayons because you will get better results .
 Pictures were grainy . very disappointed that NONE of the pictures turned out . All we have is memories of what was a wonderful day swimming with our baby . -LRB- and we cant share with out of town grandparents -RRB- We have taken pictures with other cameras and the lighting etc was fine ... this was just the camera that was awful
 My family and I went to Maui and the Big Island , and I purchased these underwater cameras for snorkelling . We had done so for last year 's snorkelling trip to Maui with moderate success . This year 's purchase of these cameras was a different story . Upon our return , I took them to our local durgstore for processing . When I went to pick them up , the clerk said that I may want to look at them because I dont have to pay for any prints I dont want . They were awful . Dark , blurry if you could see anything at all . I should have looked at the expiration date before I used them , because these cameras were obviously defective or expired.I asked for a refund via Amaszon 's refund process , and never heard anything . DO NOT PURCHASE THESE CAMERAS . BUY A HIGHLY RATED DIGITAL UNDERWATER CAMERA INSTEAD .
 I used two of them in a pool . Never went under water more then two feet and not one pic came out . You are better of getting a water proof bag for your camera then buying these .
 I bought these for all of my family members to use for snorkeling and it was a waste of money . The camera worked fine but not a single picture was worth printing .
 The pictures are grainy and fuzzy . Colors are not so natural . However for a cheap one-use camera , it is ok . Try to avoid any sun tanning lotion on the camera lense ; otherwise , it will fog . Also , camera needs plenty of light in the water , so it is best used underwater in full sunshine . It works like a toy camera with big knobs .
 This camera is NOT waterproof , water got inside and I lost all the pictures of my vacation at the beach !!!
 I used this camera while snorkeling in Turks and Caicos . Next time I 'll buy waterproof housing for one of my digital cameras . These are horribly grainy . All the tricks I 've tried to remove the grain leaves a very soft image . All the glorious details of the reef are lost . The only good images are those take above water or right at the surface , but they still have a vintage toy camera look , which is fine if you want ethereal , impressionistic images . Do n't buy this thinking you 'll capture the wonder of a coral reef .
 Purchased this camera for the waterpark . The first picture was crystal clear and then the remaining pictures were all cloudy and some were barely visable . For a waterproof camera , I felt it was n't waterproof at all and it was n't worth the amount I spent on the camera and processing . I would n't recommend it .
 It does n't work in the open . I took all the 27 pictures but was surprised to find out there were only a few pictures on the film . All the pics taken in the open were either lost or too dark to see anything . Under water , it did just ok ; kodak does a better job . Do yourself a favor and buy a kodak disposable . If you still want to buy this one , get 2 of these and try out one at home before your big vacation .
 I purchased this camera for my very first snorkeling trip to the Bahamas , and I was very disappointed . It was an overcast day , and the pictures turned out with a greenish/bluish tint . There was very little color from the fish or coral . Also , the camera just stopped advancing after 15 shots although it said it had 27 shots available . After getting out of the water , it still would n't advance , and I was very worried that the few pictures I did take would not develop . However , they did develop , but the quality was poor . I purchased the camera from Best Deal Supply Items . It arrived on time before my trip . I realize the failure of the camera was not their fault , and a customer service rep called and offered a full refund . Thanks , Jo Ann
 We took three of these to the west indies so my daughter could complete a science assignment . One worked well - one seemed to work - until I had them developed and discovered that the film had broken and no pictures were taken . I still have the third . . anyone want to take a chance ?
 I bought this for a recent snorkeling trip . The camera itself was leak-proof and performed well under water . The photos were quite disappointing though . It did not even come close to doing justice to what we actually saw . Not a very good buy
 I went snorkeling in the Caribbean last week and the water depth was defiantly not over 10 feet deep . Water went inside the case of the camera and had I it developed as soon as possible . Nothing came out . Save your money ! Do n't buy this camera for snorkeling . I think the camera would have been fine for above water or being splashed with water .
 I bought 3 camera 's for a trip to Maui . I used them when scuba diving . We took pictures in 45 - 70 foot of water.The visibility was greater than 100 ft. When the pictures were developed , they were either very faint or blank.It seems the camera needs a lot of light to give better pictures . So I would not recommend using them for scuba.Note
 My wife and I bought this camera for our recent trip to Mexico . We were very disapointed on how this camera worked and the quality of pictures it took . We were not able to zoom in at all when using the camera and it was nearly impossible to see what you were taking pictures of . We went snorkling and paid our guide $ 25 to take pictures for us with his digital camera . We ended up with 125 great pictures from that trip . We developed our camera and had no pictures that did n't just look blue . What a waste of money .
 I gave this camera to my grandson on our trip to the Galapagos Islands . It leaked while snorkeling . . It was not water proof . Most pictures were ruined . Very very disappointing , indeed . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00004TWM6 Fujifilm Quick Snap Waterproof 35mm Single Use CameraThe two images that appeared were very very poor quality . What a disappointment !
 I got two of these cameras because according to the reviews I 'd read on Amazon ; this seemed the most likely . It is BLUE . I know that the water is blue , but even the few pictures I took ABOVE water were blue.There were only a few that did n't come out at all . I used them for snorkeling . The distance is n't really accurate . Taking something 20 feet away is basically just a big blue picture where it is hard to distinguish the fish/people . Some came out better than others , but that was because of the closeness/contrast . Also , you have to remember to wind it before you take another picture . This can be hard when snorkeling . It did come with a rubber band to keep around your wrist , and while I did n't test it out long-term , it did appear to float for the short amount of time I let go of it.One of my friends said that you could help the ` blue ' of the pictures with a picture program called ` gimp ' -LRB- Seriously , that is what it is called -RRB- downloaded to your computer . I might try that to get some of the blue out .
 I tried in my sunny garden to baseline the quality and it did not come out good . Comparable to CVS pharmacy disposable 35mm . It went downhill from there
 I excitedly bought 4 of these cameras to go snorkeling in Belize . It looks very cool and I love the little lever to snap the photos . However , the proof is in the pictures . They came out horribly grainy , plain and simple . The few that were salvageable required a great deal of retouching . Many years ago I used Kodak 's version of waterproof 35mm cameras and the picture quality was 10 times better . So that 's what I plan to go back to next time and I highly recommend others do the same to avoid disappointment .
 My 5 year old son just learned how to swim and I wanted to document it with some underwater pictures , so we game him this underwater camera for Christmas . I thought that would be really fun for him . The film came back from the developer with no photos on it , so my son was really disappointed -LRB- and me , too -RRB- . They said there probably was n't enough light in the pool , even tho it 's very well lit . So , we 'll have to try again in an outdoor pool this summer .
 I was under the impression that even though this camera is for under water use that it would still take decent pictures outside of the water as well . All of my photos came out blue . I took this to the Bahamas and took pictures on a sunny day and those came out blue also . I did take some indoor photos with with plenty of light and those did not develop at all .
 I took 4 of these on a trip to the sea - to surf and snorkel . NONE of the underwater shots turned out , and the above water photos were so grainy and washed out I tossed them into the trash.Very disappointing !
 My husband and I took a trip to the Keys this year and went to Sombrero reef . It was absolutely gorgeous and the fish were so amazing and vibrant ! We bought 2 of these cameras . When we got the pictures developed , they were all extremely cloudy and the camera did n't pick up the vibrant colors . We were very disappointed . I downloaded the pictures to my computer and was able to photoshop most of the pictures to make them less blurry , but still was n't very good quality . We are going back to the Keys again next year , so we will be looking into a different type of camera and possibly spending more money so we can get back better pictures to show off to family and friends .
 I was really excited to use this when I bought it , but I should 've know better after all it was very cheap . I used this at a very brightly lit indoor pool and all pictures that I took underwater and outside of the pool came out looking like dark grey static . You could barely tell what the picture was supposed to be . I was very disappointed . : -LRB-
 I was very very disappointed when I removed the camera out the box it came in and seen the camera was cracked which let water leak inside . What a waste of money !
 I purchased these cameras for a `` swim with the sharks '' excursion for my 12 yr old granddaughter . Not one picture turned out . Great disappoinment .
 I bought these cameras to use on a snorkeling trip . We took 3 of them in the water , and 2 started leaking , completely ruining the cameras and all the pictures I had taken . Only one camera actually worked and I am afraid to use the last one .
 We got these for our Shark Dive in Hawaii on our honeymoon . We took 3 of the 4 with us ! I took them to get developed - 2 of the 3 were broken ! And the film was so badly damaged that no pictures could be developed . It 's such a shame , as that part of our honeymoon is now lost :-LRB- I would buy them in a store -LRB- in packaging -RRB- even though it 's more costly ... but this way if something happens - you can get your money back : -LRB-
 i bought 3 fuji waterproof cameras last year for a cruise.i took 2 cameras and used them outside on a tubing excursion and 4 pics half came out -LRB- they were still fuzzy -RRB- I thought it was the place i took the cameras to be developed since people didnt seem to be too knowledgable . so this year i went to a waterpark with my son and took last camera -LRB- went to a different place to develop them -RRB- and none of the pictures came out . so now i have no pics of two vacations-to make matters worse i have contacted fuji several times via e mail and i havent even recieved a response-so i will never buy another fuji product-i want pics of my vacation next time
 The enclosed software does not support Mac OS.The only software for Mac the will work with this format is Capity Mpeg edit , a horrible program that will run you an extra $ 200 . It is included with the JVC HDD camera.I love SONY and the camera is nice but without the ability to put it on my computer the HDD is useless .
 I had the camera for about 14 months . Then , after the warranty expires , the display started to go ... It would display only horizontal lines . Sometimes if you just let it sit , the display would come back but as another reviewer noted , by then either your battery is half dead or the moment has passed . A few months later the display stopped working altogether no matter how long you let it sit . I contacted SONY and they advised it would cost $ 280.00 for the repair . Researching on line shows SONY has had many problems with this type of display . There is even a class action law suite by some attorney in Chicago concerning the display problems.I suppose the camera did take good videos when it was working BUT a camera with the name SONY should last much longer than 14 months.Since this occured , I have purchased a digital camera , a flat panel TV , a new blue ray player and since I 'm going on vactaion soon , I will be looking for a new video camera.The brand SONY has not and will not be an option in my house.If you are willing to take the chance , Pros : Good quality videos.Small and easy to handle.Easy to operate the functions with one hand.Cons : Poor still picture quality . -LRB- after all , its just 1mp . The menu is not the easiest to maneuver through.No view finder , you have to rely on the display . -LRB- see above -RRB-
 I bought this product for family event filming . After the warranty expires , the LCD touch screen display has issue , the screen starts playing up when turn on . Picture keeps moving up continously and makes it impossible to record / view/transfer anything . If I turn on and wait for a long time -LRB- 30 mins -RRB- , it will stop moving up and I can record things , but by this time the battery is running out . I owned several Sony products due to its good quality , but this time , it makes me think twice before buying Sony camcorder in the future .
 I personally thinks this is a POOR CHOICE . I will explain below :1 . NO VIEWFINDER/HARD TO SEE LCD - We took this to the Bahamas . In the bright sun , at times I could not even see what I was recording because the small LCD was totally washed out . Sometimes I was having to guess at what I was recording -LRB- ca n't see the touchscreen controls either -RRB- .2 . ZOOM IS ONLY ON LCD SCREEN - Ridiculous ! There is no control for zoom on the camera itself like most all others . You must push on the LCD screen to zoom ! Very cumbersome to zoom and hold camera steady .3 . VIDEO QUALITY - While not real bad , not real good either . The DVD405 is much better . My fault , i read this on some reviews and bought it anyway .4 . POOR SOFTWARE - I personally did not like spending a bunch of computer time trying to create a dvd . It is cumbersome .5 . TOO SMALL - The small size is nice but hard to keep from shaking -LRB- image stabilizer only so-so -RRB- .6 . SLOW AUTOFOCUS - When you pan around , it goes way out of focus.I sent it back -LRB- no problem with Amazon ! -RRB- and bought the Handycam DCR-DVD405 and it is GREAT ! Has a VIEWFINDER , ZOOM BUTTON ON CAMERA , MUCH BETTER VIDEO QUALITY , it is the RIGHT SIZE and it is EASY TO USE and make dvds . It is a snap without having to fool with a computer and crumby software .
 La compr&eacute; en junio 07 , la us&eacute; ocasionalmente hasta diciembre cuando estaba en una filmacion de mi hija y se apag&oacute; y no prendi&oacute; mas . Ten&iacute;a como 20 gigas de filmaci&oacute;n en el disco duro que son muchas horas de recuerdos . Anteriomente tuve muy mala experiencia con una filmadora digital JVC y quise cambiarla por la Sony justamente porque me fu&eacute; muy bien con mi primera filmadora an&aacute;loga Sony hecha en JAPON . La DSC-SR62 es hecha en JAPON pero es una basura . Definitivamente me ir&eacute; por CANON porque me ha ido excelente con sus c&aacute;maras digitales . La calidad de filmaci&oacute;n de la sony DSC-SR62 era regular pero suficiente para los videos caseros . No la recomiendo justamente por la gran capacidad que tiene de almacenar video y de perderlo tambien , como en mi caso .
 THE MORE I DEAL WITH THIS THE ANGRIER I GET !!! I bought the VRD-MC3 and the DCR-SR40 because of the way you advertised how you could directly record from one to the other.Not seeing the coded fine print footnote that DOES NOT STATE DIRECTLY THAT ' you can NOT record directly from the DCR-SR40 to the VRD-MC3 on a duel layer DVD `` That is stupid!Why would anyone build a video system with a 30 GB drive , then say it is compatible with a burner that they make and then make the largest medium that burner can burn NOT compatible with the video direct record system?When are you going to fix it?I have always thought Sony was `` top of the line '' but i have been severely disappointed with the last 4 Sony products I have purchased and I think I 'm gon na start doing something about it.NO THANK YOU!Bruce A. Clark
 I do n't recommend this camera at all ... I bought this camera for my vacation but the shot button does n't seem to work everytime . It seems like the camera is taking a long time of trying to focus -LRB- especially outdoor ! -RRB- and that takes me out of many chances for wonderful pictures . Also , I only used it for 5 rolls of film so far -LRB- I will return it tomorrow , no more -RRB- , and there 's already 1 roll got stuck and I have to bring to the camera store to recover my pictures ... it 's really a horrible experience .
 Before it died , this was an acceptible camera . Unfortunately the automatic lens features fell apart and Fuji refuses to fix it without a store receipt AND the warranty card . It 's unreasonable to refuse to fix obvious manufacturing defects.In particular , the automatic lens cover doors no longer function , and the lens will not zoom . Since the lens cover wo n't open , the camera 's as good as dead.I 'm thoroughly unhappy with Fuji 's customer service , and this camera is to be avoided .
 Camera is easy to load and takes good pictures at first . However the gears that open the lens cover and zoom in and out go bad after after 2 to 5 years and the camera can no longer be used . Each of my daughters had this camera and they both went bad . Fuji will not repair this defect and it costs about $ 150 to fix . Avoid this camera .
 The film that I purchased was to take pictures of my daughter at a pageant . Much to my surprise , when I had the film developed and picked up , there were no visible pictures ! They were all smeared messes or so distourted that you could n't make out who the person was ! Not really the results I wanted !! I have two cameras , a digital and my pentax . I always use my pentax when I want a good clean shot but was very disappointed ! I had a roll of my own film I used that turned out great , but liked I said the film I used that i purchased here , NOT AT ALL !! Will not buy again ! Sorry !
 I was unable to use this film in my camera . I bought 12 rolls and had to return them . I have a Samsung Fino 105S Maxima Zoom . I am only able to use either the 100 , 200 , or 400 speeds in my camera .
 I bought a pair , installed on my car and my kids cant see anything . The viewing angle is terrible , so only an adult can see it if right positioned . More than 10 or 15 degrees and you dont see anything . Waste of money .
 I bought this camera for around a year . This camera gives me much trouble from the first second I used it . It consumes one expensive battery -LRB- around $ 6.20 -RRB- per two 24 picture rolls of film . I believe Fujifilm should make better cameras than this one .
 We have owned this camera since about a year ago . Really terrible pictures . We have put through about a dozen rolls of film on it , and although with time it has improved , the first images were really out of focus . It 's like it needs to be broken in ! Recently , the photos have been getting better , but it always produces pictures where the objects in the background are more in focus than the image in the centre of the photo that we orignally focussed on . I have taken many pictures in my life , but my old 110 camera did better than this !!!
 This camera has been the most awful I have ever owned.Horrible blurry pictures and I have tried many types of film.Goes through batteries very fast , and now the flash has stopped working . I will never purchase FujiFilm brand again .
 I wanted black and white film with C-41 processing . Poor contrast , poor tone , black not very black.But good vendor
 1 . Product ordered 5/9/11 and never received as of today :6 / 10/112 . Paypal payment made upon ordering , processed and paid . Request through Amazon for refund never acknowleged , by the vendor or by Amazon .3 . As far as I 'm concerned , this whole transaction was terrible.I subsequently went to Ebay , ordered a 3-pack of 400 APS 25 exposure film for 1/3 less money . I have written it off as a loss of $ 14 + dollars and will NEVER order anything or deal with or through Amazon again ! Ebay has never disappointed me and I have spent a good deal of money with Ebay , and will continue to do so.M.PruzanP.S . My rating is NO STARS
 Received film not as described , it had been removed from manifactor packaging along with expiration date . Received outdated opned single cans of film .
 I have not had good results lately with this film . Took some really important shots of daughter graduating AIT with the Army National Guard and the pictures were grainy , uneven in color , and blemished .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! Worked very short time-sent back in and they returned still broken . NOT A GOOD THING ! I gave to my mother as a gift and regret it .
 I bought this for my daughter 's Dell Inspiron B130 on 9/12/08 and less than a year later , it is giving battery warning messages and wo n't hold a charge . I 'm really annoyed and am shopping for a new battery for her , but there are very few reviews to guide my choice out of many replacement batteries . So I figured I better let people know about this one at least !
 please do not buy this product , yes it is affordable and stylish , but you cant let looks fool you . This item has absolutly no anti shock . I litterally walked , yes WALKED with it and it skip atleast 7 times in a 9 second period . If you are planning on using this product for sitting only , by all means purchase it . but if you are planning on walking with this , ANYWERE , dont buy it . get the one that looks like it , but says 60 second esp . it doesnt skip . i took my old one in and traded it for the one with 60 second esp and works fine .
 I got 3 loose rolls of film , not as pictured in orginal Fuji wrapping.Without original wrapping I can not tell the film 's experation date .
 I purchased the product above and I did receive the item on time . However , the film did not work proberly in my camera and have returned the item back as they requested . I have not heard from the company back yet so I am unable to give a positive review . I will be contacting the company and to find out what they have decided to do for me .
 glad to get the film , but grossly overpriced . I will look for a new alternative
 You get what you pay for ... In many places and stores the Fuji film is less exppensive than the Kodak . Spend the extra 2 dollars and buy the Kodak . I bought the Fuji film because it was on sale , the first roll that i shot was okay , except that my friend was using the exact same camera as me -LRB- Olympus -RRB- and he shot w. / the Kodak 400 ISO and it was much sharper and much better quality than my shots . Then the second roll of the Fuji i put in jamed and i had to get my camera fixed for a cost of 20 dollars . The peeople at the repair shop said that the film was made improperly and that is why it got stuck in my camera . I will never buy Fuji film again , their developing process is also sub-par compared w/Kodak but i wo n't disuss that here . Save yourself the touble buy the Kodak .
 THE PRODUCT FUJI FILM WAS O ` K.MY COMPLAINT IS THE GROSS OVERCHARGE OF FREIGHT $ 1700 DOLLARS . HAVE CONTACTED UPS , THEY ADVISED FREIGT SHOULD HAVE BEEN $ 88 DOLLARS DOOR TO DOOR
 I received this camera as a gift about 5 years ago . I love the ability to take a panoramic shot here and there . It is good for large family shots where you are trying to fit everyone in . I also enjoy the remote control . We used it a lot on our honeymoon . That 's the good side.On the down side , the film advance and zoom are VERY loud . Do n't expect to use it in a quiet setting like a wedding . The view finder does not accurately represent the picture ; it seems to be offcenter . Because of this , you have to be VERY careful when focusing to make sure that you are getting the * right * part of the view finder on the subject that you want to focus on . In addition , I ca n't hand off my camera to someone else to take the picture , because it is never in focus . Never was able to get this fixed.I have `` learned '' to be able to take decent pictures with it , but even I miss it sometimes ... and it is always on the really cute pictures . I have been limping along with it mostly because it worked good enough to tolerate all the `` lost '' good pictures.We are now expecting a baby , and I want to be able to get good pictures for myself and to be able to have others take good pictures with it too . So we are shopping for a replacement ... Finally ... Allelujia !
 I just got this camera and was first delighted by all the features it carries within an acceptable price . However , after careful observation , it seems that this camera 's design is old and technology outdated since 1993 -LRB- this is the default start date set by the camera itself , which makes it risky -RRB- . Also , it doesnt run smooth and I 've heard bad things about Fuji 's customer service as mentioned by others . I am disappointed and plan to return it back for an exchange . You are better off with a Nikon 90 QD/120 ED or , if you can afford , a Canon Rebel.This is a sincere advice
 Well , simply put the printer rejected it and I ended up throwing it all out . It 's a shame too , it would have been nice to get the printer working with the ink .
 I 've used split keyboards before and wanted to go back since my wrists started to hurt again recently so I ordered one of these . If you are typing on this rather cheaply made keyboard , then you are fine but if you are like me and need to use modifier keys with graphics programs , then you 'll hate this keyboard . They have mysteriously taken the control off of the left side and stuck a Help key in between it and option . Then they stuck a Power key above that with a numlock key kitty corner from it as well . It makes using the control key almost impossible as its like using your finger to navigate a mine field of uncommon keys that will invariably interrupt you -LRB- a power down notice , your letters typing numbers or a help window opening -RRB- . And to further add to the mess , the command key is way off to the left so you will spend a while mashing command shift , thinking it 's command-z or strain to reach over your thumb to hit command-t . Clearly not designed by someone who has used a Mac . Terrible - sending it back .
 I bought the PC version of this keyboard before the Mac version came out - and it was a mess to hook up
 Yes , the title states three color multi-pack , but the picture clearly shows 4 ink cartridges . Including black . If you order these you will get only 3 color cartridges at $ 16.31 each plus shipping . These inks go fo $ 10.50 elsewhere . This company is trying to rip you off and should not be an Amazon authorized seller !!!!!!!!!!!! Please kick them off Amazon .
 The color cartridge come with blue , magenta , and yellow . I installed them , but only blue was functioning . Yellow left lines on my paper . Magenta did n't come out at all . There 's nothing wrong with my printer because black works fine . Do Not buy from this seller !!!!
 We purchased a new computer almost two years ago and the Canon S330 was packaged with it . We were very happy with it for the first year , then the print quality gradually diminished . In the last two months the quality went from `` ok '' to unreadable . I am now looking for a new printer - after reading the reviews and finding out that I 'm not the only one with this problem , I will be going with a different manufacturer . It 's a shame that electronics in this day and age are considered `` disposable '' and are designed to last only a couple of years .
 This is a review based on the S300 printer , which appears to be nearly identical to the S330 except for the swoosh on the front panel . I bought an S300 for my MIL based on excellent reviews and the small ink tanks being appropriate for her light use.FWIW , the Mac print driver is hard to use and buggy -LRB- Canon does n't seem to care much about the Mac market -RRB- , but that 's not the reason for the rating.The first printer started misfeeding and mangling paper at 8 months , before the first ink cartridge had even been used up -LRB- and the cartridges that came with the printer are n't even full cartridges ! -RRB- . The replacement printer died two months and about 50 pages later.She 's on her third printer , and I 'm in the doghouse .
 I was really happy with this printer for the first year -LRB- although it got through ink cartridges really quickly -RRB- until after just over a year it just stopped working !!! I phoned Canon and they offered to repair it but it would be cheaper to buy another printer . Aparently there is a Waste Ink Tank which fills up after a while but Canon will not supply the replacement part required or the re-set sequence number to get it working again ! So in effect it is basically a disposable printer - once the Waste Ink Tank fills up you have to buy a new one or pay the equivilant to get it fixed . WHAT A CON !
 I bought two of these printers at the same time . They have both lasted less than year.Pros
 After several years of seldom use , it eventually just stopped printing completely . At first I thought it was the ink , so I replaced all the ink . Then I thought the ink had dried on the nozzle , so I thoroughly cleaned it . After that , it printed for a few weeks , but with obvious lines which could not be resolved through the `` head adjustment '' process . Eventually , I just threw it away and bought a new laser printer , which I 'm very happy with -LRB- so far -RRB- . In good faith , I can not recommend the Cannon S330 as it was simply too much headache for not enough printer .
 Purchased this item about 1-1/2 years ago ... worked great ... loved it ... BUTnow will not print whole documents . . starts off good for the first 2-3 lines than goes spotty ... Purchased a new print head . . worked for one or two printings ... than went spotty again ... Canon says ... need to get a new printer.Sad ...
 My experiences with the Canon S330 have been similar to those of other reviewers here . My S330 worked really well for the first 1-1/2 years , and then the print heads began to fail . The print was fuzzy and ugly horizontal lines appeared . Cleaning the print nozzles did ' t help . Alligning the print heads became almost impossible as each setting produced a similar wavy result . Need I mention that I have bought an untold number of cartridges -- even when using draft quality printing ? Both print heads are shot . After owning this printer for two years , I can either replace the heads or buy another printer . If you can get a new or close-to-new one cheap , then I recommend this printer . If not , then take a pass .
 This printer was incredible , especially for the price . It was fast , it was pretty , even made some great funny click noises the reviews said were OK.But the quality diminished over time . Then I changed a blank ink cartridge , and poof . Nothing , no printing at all . I cleaned the head unit that holds the cartridge . No Go . Suprising , I had a B \ W canon for years and years and years , I was n't expected this .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER !!!!!!! Little over a year passed with reasonable use and the printhead wore out . This is a pathetic printer and I am extremely angrey with Canon about their pricing of printheads . It is a scandal and a rip off !! Make sure you do a little research before buying a printer in this price range as I am told that many companies use the same trick.I gave this printer a 1 star because I could not give it none !!!
 I purchased my Canon S330 printer in late January of 2003 . I used it to print the occasional shipping lable or report , no photos . The print head has failed three times in the past six months . First it stopped printing black right in the middle of a job -LRB- it suddenly started printing black again after about 3 weeks . -RRB- Then it stopped printing magenta , again , right in the middle of a job . As of January 2004 it stopped printing both black and magenta . After getting a run-around from customer service -LRB- telling me the standard `` do a cleaning , etc. '' -RRB- I was told I need a new print head , which will cost about $ 60 plus $ 40 `` labor '' to install at a `` certified Canon repair center '' . Of course there is n't one near me and my printer would have to be shipped to one at my cost . It 's cheaper for me to just buy a new printer . The only good things I can say about this printer is that it was fast and the ink is cheap .
 Just wanted to add my experience to the many people who , after having this printer for a year , now have a useless , grey-and-blue paperweight.For the first year , this printer worked great . It was relatively fast , could produce photo-quality prints -LRB- but ONLY on Canon photo paper -RRB- , and the ink was cheap . -LRB- And yes , it was an ink-guzzler . -RRB- Still , dispite everything -- even the ridiculous noises ! -- we were happy . When we bought it , the printer came packaged with our computer ; now I understand why it was so cheap.Now , just over a year later , the black print head does not print clearly . Judging by the other reviews here , this happens often.While I know this printer was cheap , it 's unacceptable that it breaks after a year . I do not feel I over-worked this printer . How can Canon make such faulty products?Be prepared that if you buy this product , and use it , it will break sooner than you expect . I almost gave this two stars because it was great while it worked . But now , it 's broken . What a waste that it 's cheaper and easier to buy a new printer , than replace my black print head . I doubt I 'll be looking at a Canon printer .
 I have had mine for almost 2 years , and it has stopped printing black ink . Obviously time for a replacement , grrr . I never was completely happy with the unit . It constantly goes into a lengthy cleaning cycle before it prints . Very annoying when you want to quickly print off directions when you are late for an appointment . Extremely loud , and an ink hog -LRB- though you can buy cheap non brand name replacement cartridges -RRB- . Print quality when working is near photo quality , and the unit is compact , but I REALLY expected more than 2 years of occasional use . And now I have 10 spare ink cartidges for a printer I need to replace .
 So glad I checked this site . I thought it was just my machine . I had a fabulous Epson printer that I had for approx 5 or so years . It finally started to die on me . The sales person said this was the comparible printer , so I took it home . I used this printer for approx . 6 months before the issues started . Ink was blotchy , so I switched to 3rd party ink-with the sponge on a relative 's suggestion . However , after 2 weeks , then it did n't work at all . I thought it was because I bought 3rd party ink . Nope , this printer is just a waste of time . I always turned it off unless printing , switched all ink out at once and still it died . I used to swear by Epson . Now , I am considering Cannon . I just do n't know . I just want to print text work from home and the occasional picture . Does n't anyone make a decent printer any more ?
 Great print , good functionality , EXCEPT I get the feeling that the product is designed to create dependency on ink . I have had other printers print as well , yet did not hog ink and they allowed me to continue printing in emergency situations if one of the color ink cartridges ran out . If one cartridge goes out the printer will not allow printing . Even if I am printing black text it will not allow me when the yellow cartridge is gone . I have spent more than six times the cost in ink than the printer itself in less than two years . They have a great product that helps the manufacture obtain their designs , increase ink sales .
 Had this printer for less than 2 years and was having poor printing results . I spent $ 55 on new ink cartridges and did n't get any better results . I have cleaned the nozzle heads at least 20 times and no improvement . This printer is dead . Just as many others have posted , the print heads on this printer clog too easily and when this happens it 's for sure death for the printer . Grrrrr !
 I 've had this printer for not quite 2 years now and I 've finally given up and ordered a different brand printer . The pictures are nice , when it 's working . I 've had the printer replaced once , it was the first time I had to replace the ink . For whatever reason the ink heads completely clogged and no ink could get through . The customer service was helpful , but I was disappointed to find that Epson has no toll free customer service phone number , so when you have an issue , you have to pay to call and get it fixed . However since they replaced it at no cost and very little hassle , that was only a minor inconvience . Now a year and a half later , after several mini-clogs -LRB- that wasting ink and running the cleaning program cleared up -RRB- , it has again clogged - now I can only use the magenta and black ink . So rather than continue the fight with the clogging , I 've decided to through in the towel .
 This printer has been the best printer I 've ever owned . Or , at least , so I thought.It was wonderful in every regard until I went on vacation . Then , as I 'm sure you 've read in other reviews here , the ink dried up . No amount of running the head-cleaning cycle fixed it . I finally disassembled it and cleaned the head manually . That never works for me , and this time was no exception.The important point to keep in mind is that inkjet printer heads clog and/or dry out , even if you always use the recommended ink . You need to accept that , because it happens to them all . What you should look for is a printer with replaceable print heads . Replacing the head on this printer is somewhat difficult and very expensive relative to the cost of the printer.Instead of buying this , or any printer like it , look for a printer whose heads are relatively inexpensive and can be replaced easily . Ideally , you want a replaceable head that is n't integrated into the ink tank , and is n't made as a single unit . -LRB- This lowers ink costs considerably , since you 're just buying a relatively unsophisticated ink tank . -RRB- I found that this arrangement was available on the HP 1100d , so I ordered it to replace this one . Its ink heads are separately replaceable -LRB- 4 separate heads ; one for each color -RRB- and priced about the same as a tank of ink , so when you get a nasty clog , you 're out only the price of a tank of ink , not the price of a professional repair job and an outrageously priced print head.The one caveat that I have here is that HP has offshore support , so if you 're likely to have to call them for help , you 're likely to get someone you ca n't understand who ca n't understand you.But , the way I see it , most of the companies have probably offshored their suppport , so you 're not going to get much help from any of them . With a printer like the HP 1100d , you may be less likely to need help in the first place . At least that 's what I 'm betting on .
 I got this for free with a computer purchase . It printed beautiful pictures , but was noisy , clunky , and slow . It lasted 4 months before self destructing . Similiar experience as with an earlier Epson Stylus . Now I 've ordered a Canon , should have done that in the first place .
 Apparently I 'm not the only one who has had this problem . Google for C82 problem and you will find that many , many people have dead C82 printers just out of warranty.Leaving this printer idle for a while causes the ink to dry out and requires a head cleaning , often times multiple cleaning cycles are required . This uses ink from all cartridges even if only one is clogged.Additionally , there is a cleaning pad built into the printer that can only handle a certain amount of wasted ink . Once it reaches this amount , your printer is either dead or must be serviced , requiring a good bit of money.Avoid this printer , its faults far out-weigh its benefits . Look at http://bearfruit.followers.net/12832 for more details if you 're interested .
 If I could rate this 0 stars , I would have . It stopped printing after changing the ink cartridges the 2nd time . I 've moved on to HP , as it 's got such a great reputation . My mother bought her Epson C82 the same day as me and hers died about a month before mine did . Same thing ... just stopped printing . Save your money .
 Purchased the Epson Stylus C82 to replace the Lexmark Z51 , which was too unreliable . Z51 was taking too much of my time to keep it printing , and INK was too expensive . I liked the fact that the C82 carries individual cartridges for the different colors.I was VERY IMPRESSED with the color output of the C82 , and black text is as good as you can expect with an inkjet . I ran out of BLACK ink surprisingly quick , & replaced it with a generic cartridge . Soon after the yellow and red stopped printing . No number of running the printhead cleaning process would open them up , and Tech Support could not help . Was under warranty , so they sent me a replacement . Within a month had the same problem with the replacement . It will only print BLACK & BLUE.The C82 will only operate with it 's proprietary DURA-Brite INKS . Using generic inks will clog the printheads very quickly , and the Printhead Cleaning procedure will NOT clean them to operational once again.Epson Tech Support recommends that you turn the printer off when not in use , and not sit it on top of your monitor as the heat may affect the inks , and OF COURSE use ONLY Epson inks . This printer is to `` finicky '' for me . The DURA-Brite Ink costs more than fine vintage champagne , and I am on a beer budget . Will find a printer that will operate with reputable third party inks that cost half as much as Epson 's .
 This printer is a bust to me . My epson 740i produced sharp , clean , clear , and vibrant prints . The prints from the C82 are a disappointment . They are flat and without the tonal range of my less expensive , but now broken , 740i . I can not tell if it is the durabright inks or what . I want to return mine , and I hope I can.The noise it makes when loading the paper is SO LOUD that I thought I had broken it . I do n't know why it has to make such a noise . PLUS , it is very expensive to buy inks . The C80 color inks do not work in this one , but the C80 black ink does . I guess the waterproof selling point is not for me . I miss the impact of a truly wonderful glossy print . This printer does not amaze . It disappoints . I truly wish it were otherwise .
 The ink is expensive and continually clogs . You need to waste time and ink trying to clean the heads until eventually that does n't even work anymore . Mine quit working for good right after I spent $ 80 on a new set of cartridges . Mine is going in the trash . Do n't use this printer even if someone gives it to you .
 I 've had a few Epson printers over the years , and have been very happy with them . This one is the exception . As other reviewers noted , it worked fine for about a year with light use . Then the print head simply died . The other HUGE problem with this printer is that somehow , the ink dries out unless you use it every other day or so . The cartridges , all Epson cartridges , dried up on me far too quickly . I was replacing ink every three to four weeks , with very little printing . Unacceptable . I 've had such a bad experience with this printer that it 's put me off of the Epson brand entirely .
 I bought my C82 in 2/2003 , Yesterday I changed the black print cartridge and black stopped working ran the nozzle cleaner utility and nothing . I changed each color and each one would quit working . Now the printer prints blank pages . I have ran the nozzle cleaner utility 15 times , talked to Epson and they said it could be the print head . I guess I got more use out of my Epson than other owners . Going to buy an HP next . The one I had before the C82 lasted eight years .
 I 've had this printer for a year and half . I do n't use it much and it seems to have died of neglect . I went through all the possible remedies in the Epson manual including spending $ 75 on new Epson ink cartridges and it is dead . I will never buy an Epson product again .
 My EPSON Stylus 580 is dead after working for me for just over 1 year , so I bought this printer . It 's a fast printer for printing jobs if you are not using the photo quality settings . It 's also a fast printer for inks . If you are considering replacing the inks , you should actaully consider replacing the printer . Although the inks are durable and water resistant , they are super expensive -LRB- more than $ 60 for all four -RRB- . If you are planning refill the inks , you 'll need a chip resetter -LRB- about $ 20 -RRB- and expensive refill inks.The sound of loading papers always wakes up my 1-month old daughter , which is a good thing for that she can eat again . For printing documents , the printer is fine . The photo printout is terrible . With the ` best photo ' setting , it usually takes more than 3 minutes to finish one 4x6 photo , but it can finish your ink cartridges pretty soon , and the droplets are easily seen.Now , all those do n't really matter because the nozzles are blocked.Just got a Canon i960 . It produces photo lab quality like photos even with normal quality setting . And it takes less than 1 minute to finish a 4x6 . Although it 's about $ 80 more than the C82 , I should n't have waisted my money on the C82 .
 for the first 12 months I can only praise the printer . Now the nozzle 's are bloicked and it is not worth repairing . I have used it lightly and regularly over the past 12 months and having tried unblocking the jets through the cleaning utility it is still blocked I heading for the bin . As for me I am heading out to but an HP ink jet printer having had one for years and years with no problem .
 I bought this printer 5 months ago . It 's already got incredibly clogged print heads and I have only used the oh-so-precious Epson ink they want you to use . No matter what I do or try , no matter how many cleaning cycles I put the thing through , I still get horrible printouts . Everything has pale white bands running through it . This is a brand new printer and already it seems beyond repair . Do n't waste your money with it .
 I 've own and used several Epson printers over the last 10 years . I bought this one new 3 months ago . I did n't use it for about a week . As soon as I tried using it again , it quit printing the yellow and cyan colors . After something like 6-7 cleaning cycles , the yellow came back . The cyan did n't , and still has n't after 10 more cycles ... Then I went on the internet and guess what
 The quality of the printouts was quite impressive . However , I 've had nothing but trouble with maintenance on this printer . I 've had banding issues that were only sometimes solved by cleaning the print heads . This process took too much time and used too much ink . The ink is very expensive . And now , I 'm running into the clogged print-head problem that Epson claims it ca n't do anything about.It was nice ... while it lasted . Mine is a year old , and I 'm replacing it .
 The first thing I noticed about this printer was the incredibly noisy paper feeder . The first time I printed I thought that I had not unpacked it entirely.Setting that aside the printer seemed to do a pretty good job until it was about a year old . At that time it simply stopped working . I spent money to buy new ink cartridges but to no avail . Finally I called Epson and they agreed to send me a new printer and asked me to return the old one.In about another eight months the second printer died . Coincidentally -LRB- or not -RRB- right at the time the ink cartridge was empty . Since I already had purchased spare ink I followed the instructions to replace the cartridge only to find that it would still not print.I used a Q-tip to try and clean the nozzle but it did not good . At that point I decided to look for a new printer . When I checked Amazon on this printer I was relieved -LRB- in a way -RRB- to find out that I was not alone in my troubles.This is now my third Epson printer that has died this way . You can be sure it will be my last . I will never , never buy another Epson product.Let me sum my feelings up like this . Today is the first day above 50 degrees in the north eastern US since making it through the long , cold , snowy winter . The fact that I have chosen to spend even a moment of this day trying to warn others away from this product should speak volumes .
 The quality for text and photos on bright white paper is very good . BUT , do not expect a long life from the heads , do not buy many cartridges for on-hand spares . It quits rather quickly and in a matter of days its all over . I emptied most of the cartridges trying to clean the heads , only white paper during printing . Mine did print yellow before the cartridge got nearly empty . Goodbye Epson C82 , I feel like shipping it to Epson collect one way ... . Oh yes , the HP 5550 is very good , prints very fast in draft quality -LRB- uses little ink -RRB- and good enough if you need to do a lot of printing with text and photos . Excellent photos on glossy paper with the photo cartridge .
 I bought my original C82 mid 2003 from amazon.com . Around the beginning of 2004 the printer stopped working . I would only print blank pages and all the nozzle checks and head cleaning in the world would n't fix it . I even changed the ink cartridges to no avail . I called tech support and they sent me a new C82 . Well that one just died -LRB- Nov. 2004 -RRB- and when I called Epson they told me they only warranty their exchanges for 30 days . I was mad to say the least . I went through their hoops and finally got someone to exchange it for a different model . Definitely do some research on the web before even thinking about buying this model .
 Mine died within a year , in fact , it lasted not even six months.You can run all the diagnostics over and over again , and it still died . In fact , it continued to consume ink , and never printed-despite replacing all the ink cartridges . The email helpline only tells you to run the diagnostics-no help there!And when you call them , they have the gall to charge you $ 9.95 just for the privilege of talking to a person!And all they suggest is to send the thing in-and then they havethe gall to charge your card for the price of a new one , untilthey get the old one ... and the nearest repair shops for Epson are over 100 miles away.Replacement ink cartridges are expensive , $ 35 just for black ink . And this is at a major office supply store . and you have to have just the right ones , too ... hard to find.It eats ink like a very greedy pig-and then dies within a year , or just after the warranty goes out!I have never seen such a worthless piece of junk before in mylife-and such a swift built-in obsolescence/expiration . In short , a very poor selection. : - -LRB- So do your self a huge favor-and buy another brand !
 Hi , I bought my Epson C80 , and six months later the printer failed due to me printing too few printouts . At this point the printer and cartridges had cost upwards of $ 200 . Epson sent me a replacement printer , after much work on my part . The replacement , a C82 , consumed a huge amount of ink . Then , hiding its problem -LRB- s -RRB- behind a `` low ink '' warning , I was ` forced ' to spend another $ 65 on cartridges . After replacing them , the problem surfaced that the printer had indeed , again failed . This time customer service said to get it fixed at a minimum cost of $ 40 - $ 70 . I 've also noticed that Epson is the only brand out there where you can not buy ink refill kits . Thus im out over $ 250 for very little use .
 If you are going to buy this printer make sure you use it often . It seems as if you do n't do that , the ink on the nozzles dries up and then you wo n't be able to print anything . Also , the printing quality degrades quickly with light use . On a positive but non-redeeming note , I never had a paper jam with it .
 I bought this just over a year ago in 2003 , and today , my printer heads clogged up permanetly . I cleaned them about 10 times , but that did n't solve the problem . What happened was my black and cyan cartridges were almost empty so I went to AAFES and bought a new black -LRB- $ 29.95 -RRB- and cyan -LRB- $ 9.95 -RRB- cartridge . I come home to replace them and installed them . I printed and all that printed was magenta and yellow !! The monitor showed the black and cyan were full !! So now , I go to test with old cartridges to see if I was sold an old cartridge , but my magenta just ran out b/c of all the cleaning . I looked on Epson 's site and the owners troubleshoot manual and FOUND NOTHING that solved the problem . I also read other people 's printer heads are worn out . I bought this printer for $ 149.00 from AAFES -LRB- Army & Air Force Exchange Service -RRB- . It did produce great prints , but I bet yours will last about a year or two . Have fun fixing it !!
 I keep checking the interior of the C82 , waiting to see a big ink spill , because the printer is constantly running of out ink . I rarely print color -- about once every two months . The machine shuts down because of `` empty '' ink cartridges even though there is plenty of ink left . Frustrating and expensive ! I 've spent a fortune replacing ink cartridges , yes , Epson brand . Do not buy this printer ! At any price !
 The Epson C82 was fabulous when it worked . The black ink nozzle -LRB- the one I use the most -RRB- is now clogged and I have only owned it for 3 months . I am still within warranty , but I do n't want the hassle of sending it to the manufacturer . I 'm trying to clean the nozzle myself with isopropanol . Considering the many other complaints about clogged Epson nozzles , I would think twice about buying this printer .
 This ink-hog printer worked moderately well until I had to replace the ink tanks after which the print quality was so poor that I replaced the machine with a Canon i560 . And , yes , I did use Epson replacement tanks . Be aware that Durabrite inks do not print on glossy photo paper . This is a plain or matte paper only machine . If it had not been a special offer -LRB- $ 50 rebate -RRB- I would n't have purchased it . As it is now , it has become a piece of electronics for recycling taking up space in my home office closet .
 I 've never written an Amazon review before . Like most people , when something works well , I do n't take the time to praise it and for me , something has to be truly horrible before I 'll complain . The Epson C82 is that horrible.I 'm on my second C82 - the first one completely stopped printing after 10 months , so they sent a `` new '' one -LRB- `` new '' to Epson means refurbished -RRB- . I received it in mid-December and after printing 10 pages , my banding problems were back -LRB- lines through the document and areas w/o ink -RRB- . So , I called them again but was told there was nothing they could do til I ran diagnostics 9 times in a row . I 've done that but now need to reach Tech Support during their very limited hours . To make a long story short , I would n't recommend this printer to anyone .
 It was a perfect printer until we start the heating system -LRB- winter , you know ;-RRB- . Unfortunately we have air heating system and that means DRY AIR in the whole house . Heads became clogged immediately , if you use it less then every day . And at least three cleaning cycles necessary for reviving it after a day of non-printing -LRB- what a waist of expensive ink ! -RRB- . Think twice before buy it -LRB- or any other EPSON printers with build-in heads -RRB- if you have air heating or live in area with dry climat.Switching to HP , at least you can remove the heads after printing and seal them in some box with moist air .
 Like most people I read all the reviews before I buy any piece of equipment but nothing I read prepared me for the problems I 've had with this printer.For a start , I have to charge ink constantly . This uses an incredible amount of the stuff and it 's extremely expensive . We 're talking $ 40 + for a single cartridge of black ink which wo n't last you that long . Talk about giving the razor away and charging a fortune for the razor blades.If a single cartridge is out of ink , stupidly , you wo n't be allowed to print . Once , this required me having to wait several days for my Cyan cartridge to arrive just so I could finish printing an all-black business document . Students with essays to print - BEWARE !! After 10 months of minimal use , neither the yellow or black heads will print anything anymore . The black cartridge I just blew $ 40 + on is wasted . The print head is clogged and my only resort is to send the whole printer back to Epson for a new one which will then subsequently go kaput - I 've no doubt . Geez -- what a waste of money . Please look elsewhere for your next printer.Can anybody recommend a GOOD printer and a GOOD brand ?
 This hunk of junk earns 1 star for performing decently ... up until it required an ink cartridge change . We changed the ink as directed , and -LSB- it -RSB- stopped working . Cold . Did n't matter what we did , how many times we instructed the printer to run its cleaning mode , or print the sample page . Nothing worked . It simply went toes up.Folks , Epson makes garbage , stay away !
 We bought 8 of the Epson C82 Printers , though the print quality was n't bad it was nothing to sing about . But after a measley 12 months the printers started dying we now have 7 C82 's sitting in a corner named the graveyard . Does anyone have a use for old C82 's ? If someone offers you a secondhand one do n't buy it .
 Works very well until it dies in under 18 months . Epson customer service is of no help after the warranty expires . I will not buy an Epson printer again - just purchased a Canon .
 I had both the C82 and the older 850 inkjets died in a year . I do n't think I will ever get an Epson or an inkjet again . Clogged valves after just a year of owning it ? Unacceptable .
 I adored this printer when I got it a just over a year ago . Then , all of a sudden , it just stopped printing . Apparently there is a glitch in this printer when it comes to the head cleaning process , it just wo n't work ... Such a shame since it was doing it 's job so well too ...
 After 2 refils with epson genuine parts it stoped working , I did the head cleaning -LRB- wich uses lots of ink -RRB- and did no good . unbeliveble how a big company puts something like this on the market . if the heads dry , you can not replace them . If you want a printer buy Canon , the ink are also much cheaper and no chips . Epson puts chips to control the ink , and if one color goes bad , you can not use it .
 Decent printer for the price , while it lasts . After about a year of moderate use , the print head cleaner ink hose broke . This is apparently a VERY common failure mode for this printer . It 's inspired multiple forum posts and some websites about repair . The repair required partial disassembly of the printer and a whole lot of ink everywhere . A lot of trouble to ressurect a mediocre printer . Go with a Canon or HP instead of this lemon .
 I realize this is a low-end printer but it should have been able to handle the odd homework project now and then . After six months the paper feed jammed . Called the company and they sent another one right out and we returned the broken one . About six months later the same thing happened , so we called the company again and they noted that our warranty had lapsed -LRB- they do n't restart the clock with a replacement -RRB- . Be careful with these sub - $ 100 printers , especially Epson brands .
 The print quality of the C82 is superb . But , the C82 has the print head built-in rather than part of a new cartrige . What that means is that WHEN the print head dries it will clog rendering the printer useless . Repair costs almost as much as the printer itself . Use Epson cartridges , follow the installation directions to the tee and you still can get a print head clog , air bubbles in the cartridge , I was told . Do an Internet search on ` Epson C82 not printing ' and you will meet those who have already bought the C82 . Epson 's recommendation to me was to buy new cartridges , $ 60 , then a cleaning kit , $ 10 , that and a lot of my time . Next printer will have the print head and cartidge as one piece .
 Like most of the reviewers for the C82 , I too have seen the great print quality followed by the clogged print heads and subsequent useless pages of missing colors and blotched pages . The only difference between most others and me is that I have not yet become smart enough to quit purchasing these Epson inkjet doorstops . I am on my 4th Epson inkjet printer . Each time they start out great with quite nice prints and beautiful photos , but always end in clogs and wasted money on overpriced ink cartridges that never solve the clogging problem . I have thrown at least 6 of their new $ 35 cartidges out the window with my collection of broken printers.Wasting $ 20 to fix a problem would be fine , but $ 30-70 spent on a single or set of cartridges that does not fix the problem is very irritating.I hereby resolve that Epson has received my last dollar of contribution to their apparently poor R&D ; funding effort . The door is now open to HP , Canon and any other company that can produce a reasonably good printer that can last longer than 3 sets of cartridges.Please learn from me and thousands of other disgruntled Epson customers and buy something else !
 We purchased two Epson C82N 's and they worked great at first.Then the black ink cartridge ran out of ink . When replaced it , but the printer printed without black . We repeatedly ran the nozzle check and print head cleaning to no avail . Finally the other colors ran out because of cleaning the print heads so much . After replacing those cartridges the same problem occurred with those colors . In fact it prints out a completely blank page . A search on Goggle found a link to a discussion board where numerous people are having the same problem . I followed the cleaning instructions included there to absolutely no avail.A call to Epson and they refuse to acknowledge that their printers have this issue . They also refuse to send a replacement printer without a credit card . Being a government agency in which the code prohibits from having a credit card , we are unable to get a replacement without us first sending our printer back to them.Needless to say , I will be requesting Epson replace both printers with new ones and I will be recommending that the $ 238 printers which are still under warranty be considered junk and replaced as soon as budgets allow .
 I have had this noisy printer for a year . Actually this is the replacement printer the first 82c cratered after less then 6mo . It has problems with banding . My HP 882c after 4 years of flawless printing had to go to the shop and will cost more to repair then what a new HP will cost . I read all the reviews on this printer and thought it sounded like what I needed an all around printer for text and photo 's . Text is good photo 's come out with banding more times then not . It 's not my camera or the software . I noticed that the C82 is n't on the market anymore . Gee wonder why ???!!!!
 We had our printer for a year with no problems , but then the ink clogged and we had to send it in to get the entire printer replaced . Less than 3 months later the new printer clogged too and Epson says there is nothing they can do for us . Save your money and try a better printer with less clogging issues .
 After about 18 months mine does not print at all . Like many others , I just wasted $ 70 on new cartridges only to find I 'm going to throw them out with the printer .
 My dad bought this printer at Best Buys last year . It stopped wotrking yesterday and the light doesnt even come on . He 's mad because he bougth a lot of ink for it and now we ca n't use it .
 I bought this model because the output looked good , and the rep in the store was printing a page , and it was so quiet ! Little did I know it clunks like a Mack truck when it loads paper . I was replacing an older 740 because it was so loud when it prints , and I wanted to get individual cartridges , as it was annoying that the 740 would stop printing if one color ran out , but still had plenty ink left in the other two colors -- even if you were printing a black text only item ! A second problem is I like to turn everything on/off with one switch . The 740 would allow this -LRB- although the documentation said `` do n't '' -RRB- , but the new C82 will NOT come back on when external power is applied , you must hit the on switch . My setup happens to have that switch in an awkward location . This was my fourth -LRB- and last -RRB- Epson -- I was very disappointed .
 Horrible product . I bought this printer through my university four years ago . Broke down last year , and I am still trying to fix it . Total waste of money . Total Waste of Ink Cartridges.Now I am considering buying the three in one Hp or Canon printers . Ironic thing is that I will probably pay the same price I did for those new fancy printers.Epson really did a bad job with this .
 In addition to this printer , I have an old Epson FX-80 dot matrix that I 've had since it was high tech . The FX-80 is fast and has yet to have a problem . I assumed that they 'd want customer loyalty , so I bought the C82 . Bad idea.First , it takes a long time to print a single page . It has to warm up , make several adjustments , and think about it for a while . Then after about 30-40 seconds of this , it bangs around loudly enough to be heard throughout the entire house . Once it gets going , it is really fast though . It just takes a while to get there.Second , the ink cartridges . When printing in photo mode on photo paper , they like to leave a white dotted line right down the middle of your paper . Also , if you run out of one color , you ca n't even print in black . Their response to my inquiry was basically `` Too bad . We 'll be happy to sell you ink you do n't need or want . '' Also , the cartridges are not refillable.Third , media size . You ca n't print anything larger than 8 '' -LRB- not too uncommon -RRB- , but you ca n't print anything smaller than 4 '' . That means you ca n't print onto note cards without taping them to a piece of paper . If the paper guide was able to close more , this would n't be a problem.On the up side , it 's a great printer for printing large text documents . Just make sure your neighbors are n't trying to sleep .
 I find it quite difficult to load paper or envelopes so that the paper or envelope grabs hold when loaded . I spend a lot of time `` fooling '' with the paper to get the printer to accept it.I also do not like having to take out the paper to put in an envelope and then to put the paper back in to print the letter . My old Lexmark allowed me to keep the paper in the feeded and to insert the envelope or a single sheet of paper in the manual feed in front of the paper tray . It was much easier to work with .
 I used this printer about 1 year after I bought it . While it works the prints are good , but it died with clogged heads.In my family this is the second C82 to do this . The other one lasted not even a year.Can ' t recommend buying this device at all .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER OR ANYTHING FROM EPSON !!!!!!!! I brought this printer as a bundle from Dell -LRB- thanx for the heads upDell -RRB- . I ended up sending it back not once but 3xs for printing problems . No matter how many times i did the nozzle check and cleaning , my pages still came out with the streaking lines throughout the page . Let 's not talk about the price of the ink practicallly $ 75.00 believe me it is not worth it . This thing is a piece of crap . I 'm going with HP after this . HEED THIS WARNING !!!!!!!
 Do not go near this printer !! Despite the horrible noise it makes , it seems perfect for home use out of the box WHEN IT IS NEW . Just wait.These printers are lucky to last a little over the warranty period and then almost invariably fail with nozzle blockages.If you have one , use it !!! Even if you do not have to use it , print a test page or two every now and again to make sure the inks are still flowing . Make sure your test pages have a little colour in them.If you run out of ink , get the replacement cartridge model number - LEAVE the old one in the printer - and get a replacement as soon as possible . Do not let the nozzles dry out or gum up with stagnant inks.Also , if you have one in warranty , pay the ransom you need to pay for genuine inks because you WILL need the warranty.It is almost like they designed this printer to fail after the warranty expires.A replacement print head actually costs MORE than the cost of a new printer of the same type now that they are not a new product line -LRB- not like you would want another one -RRB- . I wonder if there is some way to apply some media or legal pressure to have Epson make a repair or remedy affordable and reasonable . Anyone have any thoughts ?
 Had mine for almost 18 months . At month 5 started experiencing the `` dry outs '' that others mention . At first a quick change of the lowest level ink would help if head cleaning did n't work . -LRB- that 's $ 15-18 for each cartridge changed -RRB- . It finally got to the point that if the printer sat idle for 10 days or more , all 4 inks would clog . Repeated efforts at head cleaning did not help . As it is the colored inks are expensive when you buy sets . Went back to HP , this time the 5150 . Along with my HP 952C and HP 5110 , I am very happy once again . Fewer component inks to buy and reliable everytime .
 I purchased the C82 in March of 2003 , thinking it was one of the better choices on the market at the time . Now I know better . June 2004 rolls around and I need to buy a set of ink cartridges , little did I know three out of four heads would never work again . I blew $ 68 on ink and even after running all the tests , can only print magenta , which I had replaced a week before the cyan , yellow and black cartridges . The magenta even took four days to start cranking out ink . I have to print color brochures and newsletters , so I will be buying a different brand printer this week . I did get more than a year of flawless , satisfying printouts from this machine , but it just is n't worth $ 200 American dollars -LRB- plus $ 68 on never-used ink -RRB- only to have it quit working right after the warranty expiration . I have heard about Epson 's bad consumer support and will be looking for brands with better consumer ratings . The C82 turned into a shameful waste of money , I am disappointed in Epson .
 I 've had the printer almost a year and it worked perfectly . Then all the sudden , the heads became clogged and could not be self-cleaned . Apparently this is a common issue with this model . If you 're looking for something that will become useless within a year , this is the printer for you .
 Sadly , this review echoes that of so many others here.I 've just spent 10 minutes trying to get paper to feed into the printer for a simple one page print-out - never does go on the first try - and started to go look for possible solutions . I 'd guess we 've printed less than 40 sheets in 6 months - it 's just so cranky . Once the paper finally feeds , it usually works fine from there . Something in turning it off and back on for the next print fouls the feeding.Secondly - I 've never gotten anything reasonable for printing photo-quality on photo paper . It 's always very gritty . Sadly , printing on plain paper usually comes out better - despite trying nearly every combination of `` paper setting '' for the photo paper.I bought this printer through Office Depot - they jerked me around selling me different paper and offering advice until I ran out of warranty . No return , despite the initial problem I reported was 2 days after purchase .
 piece of junk ... loading the paper is extremely noisy , printing could be quieter also ... after few months heads will get clogged ... soon the problem gets worse . it totally died on me after 15 months ... overpriced toner . colors does n't match at all , needs lot of calibrating with poor results . * i just replaced it with canon i860 first impressions are superior and sophisticated inkjet . fast and quiet , colors are brilliant . never buy epson .
 I have had the same problem as most people using the C82 . In general worked ok for the first few months . I had problems with the ink status working and finally gave up but worked ok for the most part . But the real issue is the heads plug up and the head cleaning process will not clear them . So , unless you are still under waranty you will spend more to get them cleaned than the unit costs . Eventually this will happen to you . Do n't replace the ink cartridge as the trouble shooting suggests as you will just be throwing your money away . I almost forgot to mention that you would think the ink cartidges had gold in them -LRB- very expensive -RRB- . Finally be aware that if you are out of warranty you will need to pony up $ 10 just to speak with a technical rep. I recommend you stay away from Epson . I have had good luck with HP and Lexmark . I bought this one on a friends recommendation .
 I was in the market for a printer about a year ago , and for the price and reviews I have read , I decided to go with the Epson C82 . My history of Epson printers have been anything but good ; however , I decided to give the printer company a second chance . I bought the C82 , and it worked really well , for the first three months . I used it with minimal trouble for about 4 months , and then print quality started to deteriorate . What appears to have happened is that the heads have clogged and now the printer sprays ink on paper when I print . I printed regularly on the printer -LRB- 3-6 times per week -RRB- , and followed the maintenance procedures.Now , 9 months after sinking -LSB- my money -RSB- into a `` photo quality printer '' , my printer will be living the rest of it 's life out at some landfill near the metro Atlanta area . This is my second Epson , and second that does not print well at all . If you like headaches , wasting money , or would like to take a baseball bat to a printer , I would highly recommend this worthless product . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Epson seems to have a new program , everyone buys the epson c82 and after a couple months they have succeeded in having you give your money away on a useless epson product . I bought this epson printer about 10 months ago from best buy . As soon as I received it and installed the ink , I printed a test page . Every color except cyan worked . I did a nozzle check and head cleaning several times did not work . Took it back the next day to best buy and they gave me a new one . NOW 10 months later I am having the same problem . After a little bit I horizontal binding , I did a head cleaning . Would you know that the cyan and magenta quit working after that although it reads that there is plenty of ink . I replaced the black cause it was low and now the yellow is out even though the ink is half full and telling me to replace it.I called epson becuase I am still under warranty . You call and they ask for your model number and serial number . They automatically tell you your product is out of warranty . I look at my receipt , called back and gave the same info and they told me I am out of warranty . When I asked how long was the warranty -LRB- 1yr after purchase date -RRB- , I told the tech guy I will still under warranty until 7/21 . Then he said ok and continued with the call with no charge . -LRB- Sounds like fraud to me . -RRB- They are supposed to be sending me a new one with `` instructions '' . Probably to tell me I will have to buy some new ink.The printer was $ 99.00 but after rebates it was $ 29 . It 's totally not worth buying the epson c82 at any price . I am not surprised to see all these people with the same problems . An the few praises it does have I am sure they will have problems it is only a matter of time . It does n't matter if you buy genuine epson ink or the generic epson ink or how many times you do a head clean , few or many uses or cut off after use , you will have the same PROBLEM . Plus the printer is noisy and it prints horrible glossy photos.If you see this printer anywhere run , I warn you RUN !!!
 My Epson C82Let me begin by saying that I have over ten years of experience with all things computer related . During that period I have worked in almost every aspect of computer support . I have personally cleaned out countless numbers of inkjet printers with q-tips distilled water and alcohol . I kept my own Epson 740 going for 5 years without too much difficulty . I only got rid of it because I had a client that was desperate for a printer that would accept a Mac serial port . Boy due I miss that Epson 740 . I bought a C82 a little less than a year ago , after reading good reviews . I assumed it would be built at least as well as the Epson 740 I was using before.Even after ten months my C82 still appears in almost brand new shape inside and out . Heck , I 've only used it about thirty times or so . I keep it inside of cabinet shielded from dust . Plus as a matter of standard practice , I turn off all inkjet printers as soon as I finish using them , and I always change ink cartridges as quickly as possible to prevent ink from drying out inside printers.So was I ever surprised when my printer stopped working . It had worked fine with the first set of cartridges I had installed . However , as soon as I changed cartridges the printer stopped working . I tried cleaning it at least fifty times , but it did nothing to improve the situation . So I did the natural thing and googled my problem . I was shocked by the sheer number of search results.After reading through the reviews at Amazon and the hundreds of messages at fixyourownprinter.com I 've come to realize that Epson has built and continue to build a printer that is so poorly designed one must question their integrity as a company . To think that so many people would experience the same problem and that their only solution is to continue to send people refurbished printers until their warranty expires.Oh , and the part that will really get you , is that they require you to purchase and install a new set of four Epson branded ink cartridges to insure that your currently installed cartridges are not what is defective . So before you can even have your printer replaced you must invest at least sixty dollars on ink . Of course they offer to send you new ink with the replacement printer . Still to ask me to sink my time , energy , and sixty dollars into having my printer replaced with another one , which will simply get me right back to where I began . I mean really , the nerve . Is this what our present day world has come to ? Have we set ourselves up so that these large corporations can totally take advantage of us in this way ? Is there no recourse ? Are there no standards of business ethics that they can be held accountable for?The experience has left me feeling unusually sad . Epson has made me realize just how much I am at the mercy of these large corporations . I mean , if you want to print , who else can you buy a printer from?I know that even if Epson would own up to this , they would argue that they had to make the printers so cheaply to remain competitive . Without doing so they would go out of business tomorrow . We 've heard all that before . Have n't we?Still though , this printer is made by someone in a Chinese factory . I know I 'm going out on a limb here , but I would guess that that person is not well paid . Perhaps they are even exploited to some extent or at the very least we could guess that they are taken advantage of to some extent . Then as they role off the Chinese production line , Epson sends these defective printers all over the globe , wrapped up in fancy magazine advertisements . People like me buy the printer , use the ink , put in new ink , discover it no longer works , call Epson , ship the printer back to Epson , get the refurbished printer in the mail , and < repeat > . Once the warranty is up we move our broken printer into the garage for a year or so , and then throw it away . It all seems so pointless.Don ' t think me a luddite either . I love computers , printers , and gadgets as much as the next person . It 's just that it disgusts me that I am forced to deal with a corporation that is not held to any kind of moral or ethical principles . As long as they are making money and growing we think of them as a good thing , without worrying about who they are taking advantage of . What are we doing here ? How can we let Epson get away with this ? Really!Well it 's not difficult for me to say I will be boycotting all Epson products in the future . I mean I 'm sort of doubtful of their quality anyways . Oh and I have n't even mentioned the very unhelpful tech support and customer service representatives that I called long distance at my own expense . What a waste ! Really what a waste!Sincerely , - Mark Whitney - P.S. I know the solution is to buy myself a do-it-yourself printer cleaning kit . If you google it you 'll see that many companies sell them specifically for the Epson C80/C82 . However , if you try to buy one you 'll soon discover that they are all sold out , as I mentioned before I 'm not the only one with this problem .
 I am looking for a printer after my C82 died and found there are many people have the same problem like mine . I agree the C82 has a resonalbe quality but that would n't last long . The last thing I want to see is it 's head cleaning . It sucks your ink ! I recently bought a black and spent one fifth to clean the printing-head . I had a headache ! Bye , my poor C82 .
 I ca n't believe everyone is having the same problems as me . I loved it at first and then it just stopped working correctly ... and it was SOOOOO dissapointing because i kept bragging to my friends about how superior my printer was !
 Check the dates of all the reviews here . You 'll tend to see the pattern.I got mine in Aug. 2003 , and `` in the beginning '' it worked Great ! The quality `` WAS '' like having a much more expensive Photo printer , and I liked the idea of the individual color ink cartriges . I still do.Funny that I read one guys report about just buyig a new set of cartriges before the thing quit working altogether . I was n't getting anything printed on the pages , and after a few head cleanings , -LRB- again -RRB- my ink supply was too low to do any more . So I too , went out and bought a double pack of color , and a single black and put the new cartriges in the printer . `` Several more head cleanings later '' , and a third -LSB- 1/3 -RSB- of the new ink gone , and my pages are still blank . So I take out all the inks and clean the heads with Q-tips and still nothing!I do n't expect the thing to last forever , but I do expect more than 2 years out of it , especially when I do n't do all that much printing anyway . I do n't think I 've gone through 2 reams of paper , in the 2 years.Makes me question whether I would buy another Epson product . My HP 540 gave me almost 9 years . -LRB- Anyone want to buy my other set of color cartriages ? -RRB-
 Junk . It gave me good pics when it worked but now after a year and a hald of moderate to light usage the ink nozzles are clogged , regular maitenance wo n't help and the Qtips do n't do the trick either . From the testimonial 's I 've read this printer has a habit of going on the fritz after the year warranty runs out . I guess I 'll need to give my business back to HP .
 I bought my Epson C82 last year and was very pleased with the quality of prints . It has been used regularly but not heavily , and I have used only genuine Epson ink cartridges . A few weeks ago , the black cartridge indicated `` low '' and I bought a new supply of ink cartridges - two of each colour as I always like to have a spare on hand . To my surprise , when I replaced the black cartridge , the printer stopped printing . I ran the nozzle-cleaning process several times , thereby using up the yellow cartridge which I then also replaced . I thought the cartridges must have been defective , but the technician is telling me that the print head is bad . Just so ? Now that I 've seen the hundreds of bad reviews on Amazon and in fixyourownprinter.com I realize that I bought a lemon and then wasted a lot of money on ink cartridges . What a let-down from a company that I used to believe in .
 I was intially impressed with the quality of the regular paper prints , but this is certainly not a photo printer . I guess it was foolish of me to think it would produce prints better than my $ 30 Epson C40.In any case , I got about two months out of it before I started getting clogging of the print heads . This printer has been reduced to a piece of junk ! It is constantly clogging and makes a terrible noise when pulling paper through -LRB- like it 's self destructing -RRB- . I 've own three Epson printers and this I assure you will be the last one . I think I 'm out of the inkjet market altogether ! Time to drop some cash upfront for a decent laser printer . Forget this inkjet lay-away plan -LRB- or pay as you go -RRB- with over priced inks . To rich for my blood .
 I am very dissapointed with the quality of thsi product.This is the last Epson printer I will ever buy . I do n't mean that in a good way . It is a real POS . The print alignment never worked well . There were always lines runing though each print . The fonts look terrible , like a cheap dot matrix . Worst of all , the print heads clog constantly . I have never had to perform alignments and nozzle cleaning as much as this printer demands . Finally the print heads just clogged permanently . When I print the only color that comes out is a faint pink , with ugly black smudges of ink all over the paper.The driver does not install correctly , I have had to re-install many times , the service monitor does n't show up at all.I refuse to waste any more money on the outrageously expensive epson ink , just to have to turn around and shell out more bucks to get it serviced . For a supposedly `` heavy duty '' office printer that I spent well over $ 100 for , it lasted only a few months , and performed poorly from the day I bought it.Epson will never have me as a customer again .
 While looking for an HP to handle digital photos , I was conned into buying a C82 by an Epson rep who happened to be doing a promotion at a local Best Buy . We had it for about a week before it quit -LRB- we printed no more than 15 -20 text sheets during this time -RRB- . Epson sent me a new one promptly , but this one does n't fare much better . When used for the first time during a session , it takes awhile for a sheet to feed . I hear gears spinning but nothing happening for maybe 30 or more secs . I am waiting for this one to quit anytime . Loves to eat ink , also . Better to look at an HP or Canon if in the market for a new printer .
 I had an HP 960C that was really very good . I loved the image quality on all types of substrate and its speed was also very good . The 960C was my fourth HP printer . Well , it broke . First it stopped ejecting pages and would indicate a paper jam when there was none . It would pick up the next page with no problem if I was there to push the paper jam button . Then it went into convulsions and started blinking wildly . Well , enough of that . So , I went back to the first printer brand I ever had , EPSON ... I had an FX 85 dot matrix !! I ordered the Stylus C82 through Amazon ... it took much longer than normal to get here . To the point
 I bought this printer just over 2 year ago . Within 1 year it stopped printing completely . Epson said perhaps the ink was bad , so i bought new set of ink and it did not help . Luckily it was under warranty so they replaced it.Within another year , it works only sometimes . If i do not print for 2-3 week , it . just does not print . I have gone through so many head cleaning - sometimes after 6-7 time -LRB- lots of ink wasted -RRB- it would function . So I would think it is ok - buy anothers set of ink and go through this every month ! I have finally come to my sense , this is just a crappy printer . I ma going to take this printer in my back yard and take a sledge hammer to it.Will never buy Epson again !
 In the past I 've had good luck with Epson printers , but this time around was a real problem . The unit that was shipped to me was defective from the start and would not print . Period . Epson replaced it with a refurbished unit . -LRB- I thought I was buying a new unit ! If I want refurbished , I 'll buy it -LSB- elsewhere -RSB- . -RRB- That unit was defective too , only printing black and cyan . I finally got my money back . Buy the HP 5550 instead !
 I would n't even give this printer one star if the option was there . I just bought all new cartridges and have used half of them trying to get it to print . Have run dozens of head cleaners and still nothing . I do n't feel too bad about the printer cause I got it fairly cheap but I 'm upset over the expense of my cartridges . My suggestion to anyone looking at these ... stay as far away as you can ... buy a printer that has the printhead in the ink cartridge ... at least then all you are out is the price of one cartridge , not the whole printer ... I 'm going back to my faithful HP 's or just might give the Canon 's a shot .
 When I first got this printer it was noisy but I loved it . Then the first time the ink dried out the print head clogged and no amount of cleaning cycles would fix it . Even with new ink it still only prints blank pages . My next printer I wll definately go back to HP .
 I loved the C82 . I had it for about 18 months and made tons of great pictures , and then something began to change . First the colors began getting striped ... so I followed the maintenance and everything was well with the world.Until one fateful day when the blue stopped printing . Thinking the cartridge was low , I changed it . Nothing happened . Then after cleaning the nozzles a few times , and trying again , I had to change another color cartridge . Then that one would n't print either . Slowly but surely , they all went . Now I am printer-less . That is bad and I am so disappointed.I am also amazed at how many other people have the same problems . I loved this printer when it was working ... but now , bye-bye Epson .
 My sister has this printer , and it has the same problems as others have posted . After working okay for about 1 year , the nozzles suddenly became clogged.Clean Nozzles option does nothing , and now it wo n't even print a test page .
 just replaced all color ink cartidges - now none of the color print heads work . i owned an epson stylus 720 back in 1995 - it was also junk and I swore i would never buy an epson printer again . my next printer was an HP Deskjet 722C - the best printer ever - good color , low ink useage , indestructable - then HP ceased support of the original win98 driver - for win2k the driver was a generic piece of trash - no more good color , etc. then i saw the C82 on sale in 2003 - i thought 8 years might be enough for epson to get their act together - apparently i was mistaken . I think i might send this one back to epson with a pile of dog doo in it and a note that reads `` keep the change `` boycott epson printers
 Printer worked great in the beginning . But after a few months the ink gets clogged and your printer is worthless . They say `` clean it 9 times '' . that does nothing . Printer is worthless now , and i just bought all new ink -LRB- as they said that would fix the problem . . not telling me FIRST that the it may be clohgged and therefore unreparable -RRB- . It 's too bad , I really liked it when i first got it andDO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER . DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER . DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER . DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER . DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER . DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER . Going to HP now .
 I wish I read the comments before purchasing this printer about a year ago . I also have clogged printer head . I tried calling technical support , but they charge 9.95 if the printer is not in warranty . Mine is a little over a year . My blue and black ink does not print on paper anymore and cleaned the nozzle about 100 times and it does not change . It just eats up the ink -LRB- which I thought was the problem -RRB- . What kind of company charges for technical support ? This just shows that they have no faith in their own products and that is how they make money . It was a waste of money to purchase this printer . I will never buy Epson products again ! If I can give it a negative star , then I would
 I purchased this model on the recommendation of my father-in-law who normally has great computer advice , but this time he sure did n't . This is one of the worst printers I 've owned . I have not had it long enough for the ink jets to get clogged , but from the other reviewers say , I ca n't wait ! Even when it was new the paper feed was completely frustrating . You 'd think I was trying to force feed a three year old castor oil , not feed paper into a printer . 80 % of my print efforts have required me to fiddle with the paper to get it to go in and begin printing.I 'm just a basic home user . I do n't ask much of a printer , but even what little I expect this Epson fails to deliver . I used to think highly of the Epson brand . I 'll look elsewhere next time . So should you !
 I too have clogged printheads . Used Epson brand ink only . Got to print around 100 prints , then troubles hit.I 'm shopping for an HP as we speak .
 A bought the C82 because I wanted a printer compatible with Linux . This one is Linux compatible and I have no complaints in that regard.The problem is that the blue print nozzle clogged and no amount of running the `` head cleaning '' utility has had any effect . I had the same problem on an Epson 640 that this printer replace . I am beginning to wonder if there is a design flaw in the Epson print heads that make them succeptible to print head clogging or if it is ink related . In any case I would not recommend this printer for color printing or for that matter Epson color ink jet printers in general . They clog .
 The C82 is my second color Epson . I upgraded 2 years ago because I wanted individual color cartridges to save money . Wrong ! I discovered that the colors run out all at the same time ! This happens every time . Now , I have to buy 3 cartridges -LRB- $ 11 - $ 13 each -RRB- instead of 1 . Six months ago , it began clogging badly . I had to perform multiple cleanings before each use . Now , it wo n't print at all . -LRB- Note
 The print quality may be great , but as soon as you go a few weeks without printing or eventually end up having to change ink cartridges , this printer has major problems with the print heads clogging up with dried ink that ca n't be remedied by the print head cleaning utility and requires getting in there with a syringe.Stay far , far away .
 As some other reviewers have also indicated , a year or so after I bought my C82 is simply stopped working . We tried cleanings , new cartridges and even checked to see if the vaccum tube was loose -LRB- it was n't -RRB- , but nothing worked -- the C82 simply would n't print . Prior to the printers premature death we spent months trying to get the automatic paper feed to work properly , more than 80 % of the time the printer would n't feed paper and would simply grind away until it got tired of trying . Epson support was of no use and never solved the problem . After reading comments posted by other C82 owners , on other sites , who were also having problems coaxing their C82 printers to do their jobs I took the C82 to the backyard and gave it the `` Office Space '' treatment . Then I bought another printer -- new printer is working fine -LRB- not an Epson C series -RRB- .
 OK ... This is the latest in a long series of complaints about Epson 's C82 printer.First off , I must say that the printer lived up to the salesman 's assessment of this printer being a fine photo printer for the price . I bought this printer before it had been on the market very long . It worked well with Mac OS9 and OSX . The pictures were quite vivid , and it worked with Photoshop brilliantly . It had a slightly darker cast than the monitor 's image -LRB- even after calibration -RRB- but , I thought , this was a small price to pay.Boy , was I wrong.Like many of my predecessors reviewing this piece of garbage , I too , learned -LRB- much too late -RRB- that sooner or later it happens.The heads clog . Sure as the sun rising tomorrow . Sure as Tuesday comes after Monday . The head will clog . And they will usually clog -LRB- at least in my case -RRB- AFTER the warranty expires.I tried everything . I only used Epson cartridges , and turned the printer off when not in use.No matter.I tried cleaning both the head through the Epson software , and manually , through Q-Tips -LRB- lots of them -RRB- and alcohol.No matter.Called Epson , and the spokesperson was good enough to wave the $ 9.95 fee for talking to him , since it was clear to him that I had done all I could before calling him . And he switched me to someone who offered me a $ 30 certificate to buy more Epson products at the store of my choice . Or to buy another Epson printer at a discount.Hmmmm ... I 'm slow , but I catch on after awhile.I 've done quite a bit of homework , and all I can say is ... Canon , here I come .
 Look below and you 'll see page after page of negative reviews ; these people are not exaggerating.In virtually every case the reviews are the same
 Heads clogged up . Tried the cleaning cycle several times and new expensive ink cartridges . Did n't work . Called Epson , Tech support on the phone after warranty expires is $ 9.95 . Sent them an e-mail explaining the problem and what I had done ... . their reply >> > ` try the cleaning cycle and/or new ink cartridges ' ! That 's it Epson , I 'm going with a HP laserjet .
 Apart from the speed and plain paper sharpness , this printer has too much going AGAINST it.Colors are dull on glossy paper , smudge-free inks are NOT smudge-free . And here 's the Biggie , this printer clogged all heads after about one year , even during regular usage with EPSON OEM inks.This is my third and LAST Epson printer ; previously I had a 850 and C80 . All died with CLOGGED Printheads.I think this is Epson 's way to get you to trade-up , but I am switching brands this time around .
 I was in the market for a printer about a year ago , and for the price and reviews I have read , I decided to go with the Epson C82 . My history of Epson printers have been anything but good ; however , I decided to give the printer company a second chance . I bought the C82 , and it worked really well , for the first three months . I used it with minimal trouble for about 4 months , and then print quality started to deteriorate . What appears to have happened is that the heads have clogged and now the printer sprays ink on paper when I print . I printed regularly on the printer -LRB- 3-6 times per week -RRB- , and followed the maintenance procedures.Now , 9 months after sinking -LSB- my money -RSB- into a `` photo quality printer '' , my printer will be living the rest of it 's life out at some landfill near the metro Atlanta area . This is my second Epson , and second that does not print well at all . If you like headaches , wasting money , or would like to take a baseball bat to a printer , I would highly recommend this worthless product . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is really a review of the prior model , the C60 ... so take it for what it 's worth . But the c60 has been a constant frustration since I bought it about a year ago . I 'll just list the problems :1 . Print heads are ALWAYS clogged . Often it 's the black head , but the color heads are often clogged two . Worse yet , the cleaning process does not always clean them . In fact , about half the time it makes them worse , or it will make the clogged head work but then will make another head go bad .2 . All pictures printed with the printer have poor color , always very heavily tinted red . Through a lot of trial and error , I 've been able to make them look decent , but it 's never quite right .3 . Since I had a few cartridges that I managed to use up in after about 15 pages of printing -LRB- mainly due to the constant cleaning process I 've had to do to even get anything to print -RRB- , I decided to try refilling cartridges . However , Epson has apparently -LRB- for purely economic reasons , of course -RRB- installed that chip that 's on the cartridges not to allow users the convienience of knowing how much ink they have , but instead to prevent users from refilling cartridges ! The printer will not run if the cartridge chip thinks it should be empty.The head cleaning is the worst problem . Every time I use it I have to run head cleaning 3-4 times -LRB- ! -RRB- just to print a legible document ... I 'm not talking photos here , I 'm talking text!Sorry for the rant , but I urge you to take your money elsewhere if you are considering this printer .
 My Epson ExperienceLet me begin by saying that I have over ten years of experience with all things computer related . During that period I have worked in almost every aspect of computer support . I have personally cleaned out countless numbers of inkjet printers with q-tips distilled water and alcohol . I kept my own Epson 740 going for 5 years without too much difficulty . I only got rid of it because I had a client that was desperate for a printer that would accept a Mac serial port . Boy due I miss that Epson 740 . I bought a C82 a little less than a year ago , after reading good reviews . I assumed it would be built at least as well as the Epson 740 I was using before.Even after ten months my C82 still appears in almost brand new shape inside and out . Heck , I 've only used it about thirty times or so . I keep it inside of cabinet shielded from dust . Plus as a matter of standard practice , I turn off all inkjet printers as soon as I finish using them , and I always change ink cartridges as quickly as possible to prevent ink from drying out inside printers.So was I ever surprised when my printer stopped working . It had worked fine with the first set of cartridges I had installed . However , as soon as I changed cartridges the printer stopped working . I tried cleaning it at least fifty times , but it did nothing to improve the situation . So I did the natural thing and googled my problem . I was shocked by the sheer number of search results.After reading through the reviews at Amazon and the hundreds of messages at fixyourownprinter.com I 've come to realize that Epson has built and continue to build a printer that is so poorly designed one must question their integrity as a company . To think that so many people would experience the same problem and that their only solution is to continue to send people refurbished printers until their warranty expires.Oh , and the part that will really get you , is that they require you to purchase and install a new set of four Epson branded ink cartridges to insure that your currently installed cartridges are not what is defective . So before you can even have your printer replaced you must invest at least sixty dollars on ink . Of course they offer to send you new ink with the replacement printer . Still to ask me to sink my time , energy , and sixty dollars into having my printer replaced with another one , which will simply get me right back to where I began . I mean really , the nerve . Is this what our present day world has come to ? Have we set ourselves up so that these large corporations can totally take advantage of us in this way ? Is there no recourse ? Are there no standards of business ethics that they can be held accountable for?The experience has left me feeling unusually sad . Epson has made me realize just how much I am at the mercy of these large corporations . I mean , if you want to print , who else can you buy a printer from?I know that even if Epson would own up to this , they would argue that they had to make the printers so cheaply to remain competitive . Without doing so they would go out of business tomorrow . We 've heard all that before . Have n't we?Still though , this printer is made by someone in a Chinese factory . I know I 'm going out on a limb here , but I would guess that that person is not well paid . Perhaps they are even exploited to some extent or at the very least we could guess that they are taken advantage of to some extent . Then as they role off the Chinese production line , Epson sends these defective printers all over the globe , wrapped up in fancy magazine advertisements . People like me buy the printer , use the ink , put in new ink , discover it no longer works , call Epson , ship the printer back to Epson , get the refurbished printer in the mail , and < repeat > . Once the warranty is up we move our broken printer into the garage for a year or so , and then throw it away . It all seems so pointless.Don ' t think me a luddite either . I love computers , printers , and gadgets as much as the next person . It 's just that it disgusts me that I am forced to deal with a corporation that is not held to any kind of moral or ethical principles . As long as they are making money and growing we think of them as a good thing , without worrying about who they are taking advantage of . What are we doing here ? How can we let Epson get away with this ? Really!Well it 's not difficult for me to say I will be boycotting all Epson products in the future . I mean I 'm sort of doubtful of their quality anyways . Oh and I have n't even mentioned the very unhelpful tech support and customer service representatives that I called long distance at my own expense . What a waste ! Really what a waste!Sincerely , - Mark Whitney - Hollywood , CAP.S . I know the solution is to buy myself a do-it-yourself printer cleaning kit . If you google it you 'll see that many companies sell them specifically for the Epson C80/C82 . However , if you try to buy one you 'll soon discover that they are all sold out , as I mentioned before I 'm not the only one with this problem .
 Read Mark Whitney 's review again -LRB- Hollywood , Ca . -RRB- he says it well . I 'd like to send a copy of that to the CEO of EPSOM because his letter says it all . Epsom should be ashamed , but what do they care , their greed for $ $ is more important than customer service . I had a C 62 Epsom Printer for 4 months . When it broke I called customer service . I have never heard such a display of incompetence and rudeness.My advice is do n't deal with this company or their products . They are disreputable . D. LakeMaine
 This printer looks pretty good and is cheap , it prints pictures at a very nice quality , and an ok speed . This is all the good stuff I really have to say but the truth is , I think that this printer is a horrible . This printer is basically a cheaply made printer , that only accepts the expensive ink made by espon . There are cheaper inks that it will accept but if you try this is what will happen . The printer will print a paper that you wanted to print . Then the next time you want to print something it says it 's out of ink . Althouh you just put in a new ink cartrige it says your out . It will say you have inserted this ink cartrige incorectly so you try it another way , and then a piece of plastic comes shooting out of the printer . This printer worked fine for the first 2 or 3 months and then it stopped working ever since . You may think that this is n't that bad and that if you buy the espon ink it will work fine . Well I guess that can be true but what you do need to know is that every time you print something a window apears on your computer that you ca n't exit out of untill you finish printing . If the printer does n't print it will stay on even if you restart you computer . If your the kind of person who leaves your printer on all the time you should know that when you turn on your computer it will make a huge loud noice that can be heard through another wall . This will also happen if you turn it off and on again.What I basically have to say is that if you read about this printer and try it out you will think it 's pretty good , but overtime you will end up disapointed , after you ca n't print anymore . Before you should buy this printer you should check out other brands for a more satisfying product . Overall I have to say that this printer is ok , but could be allot better .
 I bought this printer a few months ago ... ; I just needed to print papers and course reserves for class . I should have done more thorough research.For starters , this machine is NOISY !!! It sounds like it is coming apart even when asked to do something as small as print a five page Word document ; I ca n't print anything at night without giving my sleeping roommates a start . In addition , it takes forever to do its job , and the paper gets jammed on a regular basis.As far as it being a good value for the price ; even if it did work well , the ink cartridges are on the high end and only last about a month , and I use this printer very lightly . I have already spent as much an the cartridges as on the printer , and I have had it only since late October.I wish I could say that it is only my printer that has all of these problems , but one of my roommates has one that is nearly identical -LRB- C60 -RRB- and gives her fits.As for the rebate , Epson refused to honor it based on the fact that I wrote the number on the box instead of cutting it off and mailing it.So why give it even one star ? Well , if you can get it to print right at 7:30 am on a timer , it would make a terrific alarm clock ...
 THIS IS THE WORST PRINTER I HAVE EVER HAD!My dad bought this printer when he got a new computer . It looked cool and he had an excellent time with his . It came time for me to get a computer for myself . I was going into fourth grade and most of my friends had computers . I got a Dell Dimension 2350 Series and I chose the Epson Stylus C62 printer to go along with it . My dad had such a good time with his , so we chose one for me . It worked well , at first . But one day , the paper kept jamming . We were n't able to fix it . It just suddenly would n't print without jamming . We sent it back to the store and got a used one in exchange . This one also worked , at first . One day , the ink dried up , and replacing the cartridges would n't fix it . I forget whether we tried cleaning , but whatever we did , it WOULD N'T FIX THE PROBLEM . This is the SECOND printer with ANOTHER problem . We sent this one back and got me a Cannon Pixma printer . I forget the exact model # , but whatever it was , it worked MUCH better . Much fewer problems on the Cannon unlike the Epson . The Epson printers lasted me a couple months each . The Cannon printer lasted me 4.5 years or so before it needed to be cleaned every time it needed to print . I replaced that with an HP Photosmart C6280 , which I have had for almost a year and it works great . Even when I got an iMac -LRB- which is my current computer -RRB- to replace my Dell , the printer works great on my Mac too . As for my dad 's Epson Stylus C62 , it lasted about 5 years before it finally broke and now he has a simple HP inkjet printer.This printer has been discontinued , but I felt like sharing my thoughts on it . It looks like some people love it , but others , like me , hate it . There are much better printers out there that are more reliable . Look at a Cannon or HP before looking at Epson . You will be happier !
 I bought this printer two years ago and it seemed noisy and erratic from the beginning . The cartridges seemed to run out very fast and were quite expensive . Now I will be buying a new printer as it has a hardware problem that is not worth fixing.I would recommend spending the extra money for a better printer . You will avoid chasing good money after bad later on .
 Several years ago , I owned an Epson 640 that worked wonderfully . I gave it up when I bought my new computer with USB ports . I upgraded to the C62 . I was disappointed when I purchased the C62 and found the print quality so poor . The biggest problem is that the print heads clog quickly and leave smudges all over the paper . You can run that cleaning utility several times -LRB- which really uses up ink -RRB- , but you 'll only get one good copy out of it before the heads clog again . I have only had this printer a year and a half , but it has never had the print quality of the 640 . I bailed on Epson and took a hand-me-down HP , 2 years old , that works so much better .
 I had a wonderful old printer that gave me the actual color that was shown in Photo Studio . It finally took the big dump . Then I bought this printer . I have never been so frustrated in my life . No matter what I do , my photos come out with a pink hue . Photos of faces look sickly . I did go into the advanced settings , but I am no photo genius , so I was not able to figure it all out . But heck , I do n't want to have to fool around with the setttings every time . I just want a printer that does not print with a pink hue , ever !!! HELP !!!!
 I bought the C62 about a year ago and am now looking for a new printer that wo n't constantly be running out of ink . To make it worse , the printer gets a little low on ink and then refuses to print anything until you install new cartridges . Print quality , ease of use , etc is fine , but that should be the case with any printer . I have an HP 880c at work that seems to go forever on a set of cartidges , so I 'll be shopping for an HP this time .
 Along with the previous reviews , I am unsastified with the quality with this printer . WARNING
 I just bought this printer from a local store because of price , bonus and rebate . The salesman said it would be better than what I have . It does not compare to my Epson Stylus Color 740 in photo quality . The test photos on the C62 are fuzzy and face color is off . I printed out a greeting card I just recently did on my 740 and the picture was better but not worth going and buying this printer . The resolution might not be there with my 740 but the clarity , quality , and color are so much better .
 This printer is so bad . Clogs all the time , I have almost never had a good quality print . Cartridges are very expensive and do n't last . You ca n't use 3rd party cartridges because of embedded chip technology.This will be the last Epsom printer I ever own . I am going to junk it and look for an alternative .
 I have an Epson Printer like this model at home and at work . I am very dissapointed . The printer wo n't work if the color cartridge is out even if the black is full . The ink is not cheap and does n't last long enough . The printer is loud and does a lot of set-up before printing which takes extra time . A print manager screen pops up each time which is a pain if you are printing one document right after another . The economy or draft print is very poor quality if you are trying to save ink and time , so not worth using . The paper jammed on my printer at home and now it wo n't feed . The warranty is up of course . At work I need to print a lot of envelopes , and if they are not the perfect thickness they wo n't feed at all or feed half way and then have to be ejected manually . Over all if the print nozzles are clean this printer can print fairly good quality photos -- but very slowly . However the nozzles seem to get dirty fast , and the banding occurs . It takes several attempts to clean the nozzles which wastes a lot of ink . The only thing I do like is the fact that the print manager can show you how much ink you have left , but do n't change them until it does n't print anymore -- because there is more left than they tell you .
 When I first got this printer , everything seemed great . The print quality was astounding . But soon , problems developed . I had the same exact problems that another reviewer , Justin , had with his earlier model Epson . The constantly clogging print heads are a nightmare . In addition to his comments , I would like to note another annoyance to the cleaning process
 Does n't work if the color cartridge runs out . Poor print quality . Loud , Slow . Ink runs out very fast . I usually buy HP 's and this was my first Epson . NEVER AGAIN !
 Purchased this printer direct from Epson . After approximately 3 months it stopped printing due to ` mechanical error ' . Had a 1-year warranty in which Epson sent me a refurbished printer . In less than a month this quit as well due to ` mechanical error ' . Phoned Epson and was treated with rudeness and incompetence . Took the matter to the Better Business Bureau who in turn was unable to help . I have webtv so printer options are limited . If you have a PC ` DO NOT ' purchase this product !!
 I received my Epson Stylus C62 as a present about two years ago . I was fairly pleased with the printer , and I have to say that for someone who does n't go through a heck of a lot of ink , and is n't extremely particular about printout quality , it is n't the worst piece of equipment I 've used . However , today , not even two years later , I 'm having to gear up to throw this piece of equipment away . The clogging printer heads have finally brought any hope I have in using it to an end . I have had the same bad experiences as everyone else who has given poor reviews about this product - very overpriced ink cartridges , and an ongoing , eventually un-fixable clog issue that has you shelling out the bucks for nothing . The first signs come in when your repeated , incessant cleaning of the printer heads no longer remedies the banding or smearing ... give up the ghost and do n't fall for the ` just but new cartridges ' advice that I was silly enough to take.The one who bought me the printer just Googled to check for any solutions to my issues , and read the dozens of the same complaints from others . He has said that if he 'd read any of it previously , he would never have purchased the printer , So , if you 're looking for a printer that will continue providing consistent quality after a couple of years , steer absolutely clear of this one , folks ! Even if the overall price for the printer is low , I have to say that this is one case where you really get what you pay for ... -LRB- in everything but ink ! -RRB-
 The reason so many of the printers are no good is because the print heads clog , and they do not provide new ones with the ink cartridge as the other printer companies do , but even this may not have helped because they came up with the Dura Brite Ink which is suppose to last many many years -LRB- in an example of Dura Brite ink excellence they kept a picture printed with Dura Brite Inks in a jar of water for 3 years with the picture being in perfect condition after all that time ... this is why the heads are clogged -RRB- Dura Brite is in answer to the FUJI prints that have an amazing lasting ability . . I think it 's something like 100 years.Epson replaced my clogged printer with a newer model one after one year ... very reluctantly . I was very happy but I had to ask them if they were going to stand behind this kind of product before they agreed to replace it . But while the new one is nice and the heads have yet to clog ... -LRB- I think they made Duyra Brite Ink less water resistant -RRB- However I now have a new issue , now after I print just 10 pages the ink is gone ! I go from half full after 3 pages to totally empty without warning . It is really frustrating to try and print something off for work in the early AM and not being able to because the blue and only the blue is empty ... and I want to print something only in B&W. ; I called EPSON . . and after so much talking where you provide them everything except a blood sample , they basically said `` Too Bad So Sad '' that if one ink is emty , you must buy a new one before you can continue prining.I know that the `` Quick Ink '' has been an issue with many customers , some of them have takn action and gotten together for a class action lawsuit over the ink issue.All in all I have never been more frustrated and spent so much money as when I owned an EPSON Printer ... I am switching back to HP ... I want peace in printing !
 This printer only worked for about 2 months , before I kept getting a message that the paper was jammed , but there was no paper jammed !!! I tried again and again to fix it , nothing worked . If you want to waste your money , and you enjoy getting very fustrated , then buy this Junk !!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER !!!
 This printer is in a word annoying . It loud and takes forever to actually begin to print a page . Once it begins to print it is not uncommon for it to get a paper jam . And the paper can be difficult to load if you have the printer in a spot where you ca n't clearly see the back . I would n't suggest going through any effort to buy this printer .
 I recently ordered and received Epon To40120 Black Ink cartridge . When I opened the package the box was all smashed in and looks like it was run over . I think the cartridge is OK but will know more when I put it in the printer . I was going to buy color ink too but probably wo n't buy from this seller again if this is how their merchandise arrives .
 This is a rip off unless you know what you are doing . I asked a satellite guy if he understood it and he did not
 DP44 switch worked fine for about 2 years which is nice but Power Incert never worked . I contacted seller who sounded was n't intrested to hear my problem and he did n't say he will replace or refund . Any way after few contacts I gave up and worked around my other options , But power Insert was a fake or faulty one .
 For the first 2 days , this was the best CD player I had ever bought , and at such a price . Then , on the third day , the volume control stopped working completely . It would neither raise nor lower the volume . I would n't buy another product from this manufacturer if you paid me .
 The good thing about this monitor , besides a very nice and decorative exterior design , is a screen with bright colors and high resolution . However , I am on my 3rd ViewSonic monitor within a few weeks , 1 P70F , and 2 P90F . None of them has been able to produce a straight horizontal line accurately . My first monitor was slighly concave , while the last two each has had problem with the horizontal geometry . After doing a lot of tweaking and adjusting I am still left with a screen where the lower right corner is about 3 milimeters higher than the left lower corner ! This is visible even at a distance and of course makes for incorrect screen geometry overall . If it was n't for this problem , I would find this monitor absolute great . I am amazed at how a reputable company like ViewSonic can put out a product like this , obviously with either insufficient quality control or extremely low requirements for what is supposed to be their top-of-the-line CRT monitor . I have worked for major computer companies , where I worked with a lot of different screens , and never have I seen monitors with these kind of severe geometric problems anywhere . I am going to go for a NEC MultiSync FE991SB monitor instead , since I only have only have good experiences with NEC monitors . Hope ViewSonic get their act together , then they could definitely have a winner here !
 The monitor has great potential for displaying high quality pictures from digital camera . It was a great experience compared with my 6 y.o. Panasonic :-RRB- Superb colors , details , contrast - everything . But nothing is perfect - the text is sharp only at the left side of the display - the rest of it is blurred and makes it hard to look at . When I switch to 1280x1024 @ 85Hz -LRB- Recommended -RRB- the text is too blurred to work with . The clock at the bottom right has a reddish blurre ! I 'm going to call service center and ask them if they will repair/replace the unit . If not I will lower my rating to `` one star '' :-LRB- If the image on the new unit will be equally sharp I will raise it to 4 or even 5 stars and add some details about tested resolutions etc. .
 I went through two monitors before Amazon stopped sending them due to widespread quality problems . The first was a complete blur . The second was bright and clear on the right side with a greenish tint on the left . The middle of the bottom bent upward and the upper left was a blur . I tried using the Viewsonic web site to resolve the issues . There is very little technical information on their site . I got an email after two days from Viewsonic tech support stating that the monitor was broken.I originally selected the monitor based on the technical specs which showed it to be one of the sharpest 19 '' monitors on the market.The monitor looks great when it is turned off . Fortunately , the free shipping and return policy kept me from losing money on the deal . So , 5 stars to Amazon , 1 star to Viewsonic .
 Having sold countless Viewsonic monitors in years past , when it came time to replace my own 19 '' CRT , I did some research and chose the P90F from their professional line of monitors . Bad choice . The monitor had numerous serious problems . Text -LRB- at 1024x768 -RRB- was unacceptably fuzzy -LRB- far worse than the other two midline monitors in my office -RRB- . It had a 4mm drop in the upper-right corner . The vertical linearity was decidedly sub par . It would not correctly retain the horizontal sizing . And most disturbingly , it would take over 20 minutes to slooowwwly restore the saved settings coming out of sleep mode ! The documentation leads one to believe that the maximum vertical refresh rate is only 85Hz , which is exactly what both the PNP and supplied driver also show as a maximum . One has to trust the web site 's figures if you are going to drive it any higher -LRB- my card supports 160Hz at this resolution -RRB- . All in all , a disaster , and so it went back . I wo n't be buying from Viewsonic again.Not wanting to risk another disaster , I went premium all the way and bought an Eizo Flexscan T766 , which is the finest monitor I 've ever owned or worked with .
 Buyer beware the disk shown are 16x the disks I rec 'd were 8x . I decided to keep and try them , only one disk worked out of all the ones I ordered . Now it 's too late to return . I will think twice before ordering again .
 I bought this with an Olympus 3 mexapixel camera hoping to never have to wait to have film processed again . Using the printer was a snap . The controls are easy to figure out and it is very user friendly . The problem was the images . The color was n't quite right and I kept getting small bands that looked like perforations when I viewed the picture at a certain angle . Customer support was n't able to solve the problem so I returned the printer and ... got a HP7530 which I 'm very happy with .
 The print quality was poor for text and nominally acceptable for graphics . I have to `` clean the print heads '' before every print-out to prevent vertical line streaking .
 The print quality is good , but the paper keeps jamming and now mine is broke . I have not even had it a year . I 've never been so frustrated with a printer as this one . Do n't know if I will bother having it fixed , or if I will simply buy a new printer . What a waste .
 I bought this printer strictly for photo printing . It is awful . The pictures look more like comics than photos . Colors run . I was VERY disappointed.I have an HP 6122 at work . AMAZING difference in Quality.I 'm buying a 6122 for my home use .
 Stay away from this printer . I gave it one star only because there is n't any other option . Should have a big ZERO . I have never had a printer this bad . The inkjets are always getting clogged and the clean function needs to be run all the time , wasting ink . It eats even more ink when printing . The description on the printer says a cartridge will print 200 pages ; its more like 20 pages . This printer is a waste of money . I only wish I could get my money back .
 This printer can not print envelopes without jamming ! Is there more to say ?
 I 've owned Digital , Canon , and Two HPs . Finally bought this to try an Epson . Picture prints are nice as described in earlier reviews , however the over quality and usability of this printer is horrible ! Mine jammed almost immediately and when I went to unjam it , some parts came loose inside and I had to ship it back for a replacement -LRB- which they did at no charge -RRB- . This printer is constantly jamming and requires very high quality paper -LRB- not general purpose like most HPs -RRB- or it will pull in 5-10 sheets at a time . The cartridges have a `` smart chip '' which means you have to by Epson factory cartridges which are VERY EXPENSIVE . The output tray is designed so that just brushing against the printer folds it up thereby causing the printer to jam . I DO NOT recommend this printer , particular for general purpose use .
 I 'd had old Stylus printer which I loved . So when I replaced it with this printer I hoped it would work in a same way . Well , it does n't . 1 . Paper jamms all the time . -LRB- waste of papers -RRB- 2 . Image comes out too dark or too light . -LRB- waste of papers again -RRB- And all kinds of things keep happening and while trying to figure out the problem and solve the problem , there will be more waste of papers and time and cost . It 's very high maintenance needed printer and I want to resell this and get better printer I hope .
 Dont waste your money or your time . It prints good when it works right -LRB- rarely -RRB- . I did n't have this printer 2 months before I junked it . It was the noisiest and most unreliable printer that I have ever had . Top loading printers dont even compare to bottom loaders . I went out and bought an HP 1350v all in one printer for the same price and it is far superior to the Epson 825 . My last HP , a HP-712C worked great until it wore out lots of heavy use .
 Dont buy this printer . It constantly jams , and the color isnt that good . I have to replace both cartridges at the same time , which cost too much if I still have black in left . I replace them every couple of months and I rarely use the color . FInd yourself a bottom loading printer to save yourself the frsutration I have .
 Worked great for 30 days then it became impossible to get consistent color or print quality . It has gotten so bad that often I can not even get text quality . A complete waste of money . I am going to toss it and get something decent . I have spent more in ink trying to get it to work than the cost of the printer . A real lemon .
 We were talked into this thing by an enthusiastic salesperson , and where stuck with it for two years . It cost easily 10X + it 's sale price in wasted ink . Only about 10 % of ALL attempts to print photos and documents actually have produced usable products !!! That 's not an exaggeration 1 in 10 print attempts will be excellent , or something you would even consider to put in a frame or send to someone , the rest look like creatures from black lagoons to amateur screen printing mishaps.Then ! You can not put more than one piece of ANY type of paper in the feed tray because the things sucks the whole stack half the time -LRB- even though the stack is not stuck together or carefully shuffled ... -RRB- and either self jams or ruins the print job wasting MORE ink.Total piece of crap . I hate this thing .
 I expected that Epson printer would be more economical than an HP -LRB- which I have owned 3 over the years -RRB- . Everyone claims that the cartridges are far cheaper than HP . However , I have to change them 3 times more than when I had an HP ! So , yes it is slightly cheaper , but not in the long run . And to make it worse , you have to always `` clean '' the heads everytime ! This is ridiculous - and a waste of time that I do not have . HP - I 'm coming back !
 I bought this as a replacement for an old stylus 700 which worked wonderfully . The 825 needs cleaning almost every time I use it which is ink consuming and time consuming . I might drag the old 700 out of the closet and put this one on the next garage sale . Not recommended .
 The photos came out great , but I already used up all the color cartridge . 10-8x10 's At the price of the cartridge and only getting it for Christmas and using it for a day and running out of ink I think it is too expensive to run .
 I 'm constantly having to run the cleaning maintenance which sucks up ink -LRB- you have to waste both color and black inks even if only one is leaving gaps in your printouts -RRB- . After multiple back-to-back cleanings it still leaves white lines . I give up after awhile and have my husband print things out for me at work . And the on-screen gauge of how much ink remains showed up once and never appeared again ! It wo n't print black text if you 're out of color ink and vice versa . I get very few prints out of each cartridge . The ink cartridges are very small besides being very wasteful .
 This printer is a joke ! Sure , it prints good pictures - but the print head gets clogged so often that most of the ink in your ink cartridges is drained before you can do much ! If you let this printer sit for a week , you will need to run the head cleaning utility - which drains a visible amount of ink on the ink monitor . Subsequently , you run out oif ink in less than two months without doing much printing at all ! It 's ridiculous!I bought ink cartridges three weeks ago , have printed nothing but a few resumes -LRB- no color -RRB- and now they are both halfway drained . Tell me , is this reasonable?I think not .
 Hello , I loved this printer when I got it ... good price , excellent photo prints . But after 6 months , paper feeder no longer operates , twisting paper and casing jams and tears . Time to try something else .
 We bought the epson 825 and it was the worst money we spent . It only worked for 7 mnths and the paper feeder broke . After we called they shipped us what we thought was a new one , that actually turned out to be refurbished . They do n't stand behind their products . They do n't even have an 800 number to call then on . How much money are they trying to milk you out of . Do not buy !!!
 The picture quality is OK but it guzzles ink . I also found that I have to clean the heads several times before each print session or I get little lines in the pictures . I am either going to buy a printer that is less expensive to operate or I will just take my memory card to a local photo dealer and use their machine and their ink . It would be cheaper and less aggravating
 This is the second epson I have owed . One thing I can tell you about this brand is they are LOUD , put on some headphones when you are printing things out , oh and the desk better be secure because they rock back and forth , I though mine was going to walk off the table ! The print , its ok but also expect the paper to jam a lot on thicker card stock . Oh and make sure you order some head cleaner from www.maxpatch.com . The heads constantly get dirty and they sell a fluid that will clean them . with HP or Lexmark every time you buy a new cartridge you get a new head , not so with epson . When I am making greating cards , mine likes to leave nice black track marks . I have cleaned the rollers and it still does it , guess its a gift from epson . If you want a good printer buy HP or Lexmark , yes you pay more for ink , but the photo quality prints are just as good and they are super quite . My printer is in my bedroom and when I print in the morning the noise is enough to wake up my girlfriend . stay away from epson
 I 've been saddled with this printer for over a year now , and am ready to recycle it.Why ? - It goes through a ridiculous amount of ink , and the cartridges are hideously expensive on a price per sheet basis . - It paper jams nearly every time it prints - It randomly begins printing about 2 inches below the top of a document , rendering the rest of the print job as wasted paper and ink - It 's really loud - It 's really slow - It randomly runs between two to five sheets of paper through the printer before bothering to actually begin the print job - The ink cartridges tend to dry out amazingly quickly ; went on a five-day vacation , and returned to discover the cartridges -LRB- which were less than a week old -RRB- had dried out and would not print - It holds very few sheets of paper before it really jams up ; more than 30 sheets and it wo n't feed at allDo not spend the money on this printer ; I have used several Canon/HP printers recently that were less than a third as expensive as this one , and worked flawlessly . Avoid buying this at all costs ; buyer beware .
 This is my third Epson . The head on all of them started clogging within a year . I wasted lots of expensive ink trying to get this one unclogged . I 'm done with the brand .
 I never write reviews , although I do regularly check here for others ' opinions . But , I felt compelled to inform people of my utter disappointment with this product . I consider myself fairly knowledgeable when it comes to computers , and I did my homework before my purchase . But , I REALLY hate to waste money , and I 'm shopping for a new printer after about 9 months of headaches.My terrible experience consists of
 Well I bought my mom this printer and it is a piece of crud .
 Did not buy this printer from Amazon . Bought it used . Just bought about 20 cartridges from Amazon as they do n't last long . All of a sudden it wo n't print . After researching on-line and trying the code sequence to straighten out the print head , it appears I need a print head . It costs more than I paid for the printer ! Canon website offers no help ! Going in the garbage tomorrow morning ! First , and LAST Canon printer I have ever owned !
 This printer prints fast but the quality is poor . Consumer reports rates it a best buy but I disagree . Pictures come out very graney and its almost worthless to have a 2 megapixel or higher camera because the quality will not be seen with this printer . I do not recommend this printer to anyone . I bought the Cannon to replace a Hewlett Packard deskjet 932C and it was slow but the picture quality was superior to the Cannon . This purchase was a real dissapointment .
 This is the biggest piece of junk printer ever made . If you are buying this printer for just black and white printing forget it . I have to clean the print head most of the time before printing otherwise it prints streaks or prints nothing at all.Calibrating does n't help the situation . It uses ink like crazy.I have n't tried much with photo printing with this printer so I 'm not sure about that.Don ' t waste your money with this printer , go buy a hewlett packard instead . I will never buy a printer made by Canon ever again .
 This printer has printhead problems . My first S530D could n't even pass the first print test page diagnostic procedure . The black text printed fine at the beginning but faded to nothing by the end of the page . Doing a printhead cleaning solved the problem but only for that session . After a few hours of inactivity , the problem appeared again . This printer was brand new and right out of the box . Exchanging the printer for another brand new one did not solve the problem completely . The new printer passed the print test but the faded black ink problem resurfaced after several weeks of inactivity . Again , a printhead cleaning solved the problem but a user should n't have to do this before each print job . Inks should n't dry out and clog the printheads in that short a time -LRB- if that 's what the problem is -RRB- . When it works , it works great but it 's a pain the do a printhead cleaning almost all the time in order to get good text output . The problem seems to be only with the black ink . Canon support is useless BTW .
 I have had this printer for more than a year . At first , it was a great printer . Not anymore !! It uses up ink like no other , yes , it is great to have the individual tanks -LRB- which is why I bought the thing -RRB- but now the print head is n't working right . Do several deep cleanings and use up nearly all the full tanks up , and the problem is still there . The pages have splotchy black marks and the texts are only partially printed . Went to the canon website , they do n't even acknowledge this printer ever existed.My recommendation is do n't buy this model !!!
 I 'm frustrated with Visioneer 's lack of quality testing of their software installation . They bill themselves as easy to use and install . I just utilized their `` tradeup '' program since their older 7620 model does not operate with Windows XP or Windows 2000 -LRB- a travesty in and of itself -RRB- . They gave me a 25 % discount to trade up to the 9020 . Just tried to install but it indicates a dll is missing . I 've now spent an hour attempting to find and install the missing dll . A visit to their website is now rivaling Microsoft 's in it 's complexity troubleshooting -- an only offers M-F support . This is unconscionable for a major supplier of scanners .
 I had the same problems as JW reported below . I tried to get it working for hours , and it will not work . Unfortunately , I have to work the same hours that their customer service is open so I can not get help . This is probably an O.K. scanner if you can get it to work . But if you have problems , Customer service is only open regular business hours M-F and it is NOT a free call . I am returning the scanner and staying away from Visioneer .
 Manual is VERY poor for trouble shooting . Has a phone number , but at customers expense . Online help is NO help . Do n't walk from this company , RUN ... as fast as you can !!!
 I tried for hours to set this scanner up . If Visioneer made this one-touch 9020 for exclusive use with Windows XP , then why are there so many errors when installing it ? Check out Visioneer 's support website for this product . It speaks for itself . If this does n't work , try this ; if that does n't work , try something else . YIKES !! It may be easy to use once you get it set up but I never got that far . And , to add insult to injury , their tech support number is a long-distance call . Returned the 9020 and bought the new HP PSC 1210 all-in-one . I was scanning , copying , and printing literally within minutes . And , at $ 99 , it is an incredible value .
 The paperort software has errors . The tech support does not seem to know how to fix . They gave me steps to do assuring me this will correct . After several hours on the long distance call and following their steps it still has the same error message `` can not creaete link beacause link already used '' . I was promised a call from a higher lever tech-A week after the promise date and time I get an email . I did call on the date to see what was going on . This tech gave me the same steps as the first agent did . I have not received a reply to that email yet-3 days .
 9020 . . WORK ONLY ON FLAT ART ... TRANSPARENCIES ... NOT AT ALL ... TECH AND CUST SUPPORT NOT EXISTING ... PROBLEM IS IT WILL NOT WORK EVEN AS A DOOR STOP ... PS . AFTER OVER 40 YEARS IN PHOTO LAB BUSSINES , AND WORKING WITH MANY TOP NOTCH UNITS ... THIS THING IS THE LEMON ... M.I.B
 After 5 years with my old $ 39 Visioneer scanner , I was excited to upgrade to a newer , faster model . I was anxious to use the slide/negative function . Unfortunately , I was disappointed from the start.Image quality of the slide/negative scans are so poor that I ca n't use them . To make matters worse , my particular scanner has a long white electrical band that continually `` snags '' during scans , jamming the entire scanner . If that is n't enough , today a piece of black rubber with electrical tape `` fell '' off from somewhere inside -LRB- I can see it beneath the glass -RRB- and now the scanner wo n't work at all.Customer service is no help . Waste of time , waste of money and I 've never seen anything made so cheaply ! It 's been 6 weeks and even the glued-on labels are coming off ... I 'm hoping this is just a lemon and Visioneer is n't losing their touch .
 While the size , shape , and function of this remote is nice I have to say that it is best to stay away from it . HK has horrible support and has taken the programming software off their website and now charges for it -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . Seeing how Logitech makes frequent and free updates to their software , I feel this is outrageous and warrants a poor rating . Long term you do not get the same programming and software updates as do the Harmonies . You are always behind in firmware and software and now you have to pay to upgrade . Customer Service at HK is a nightmare I had to redial a long distance number -LRB- no 800 # -RRB- for 30 minutes to get past constant busy signals . Once there I had to wait 40 minutes to talk to someone that just passed me to a different dept. which then passed me right back and so on and so forth until a bad transfer disconnected me . Do yourself a favor , get a different remote because if you ever have a problem HK does not stand behind their products without a fight and a charge .
 The TC 30 was my dream remote , since I had heard great things about the Harmony software and , in my opinion , Harman/Kardon can do no wrong design-wise . Of course , as a college student , the MSRP was not even feasible for me a remote control . Immediately following Christmas though , Amazon had it for about the price of a Harmony 550 in retail stores ; I could n't pass it up . This remote is essentially a Harmony 550 on steroids , with an extra pair of programmable buttons , a color LCD screen , rechargeable battery with dock , and tilt-sensor . It also looks incredible , especially the glossy black charging dock with blue LED.For the TC 30 -LRB- and Harmony remotes in general -RRB- , setup is both its greatest asset and biggest flaw . It is a breeze to add any -LRB- and I mean ANY -RRB- device from Harmony 's extensive database for control and to set up activities . For example , with all devices off , I can press `` Play Xbox 360 '' and my Aquos will turn on , change to a component input , my receiver will turn on to ` Game , ' and my 360 will turn on . When everything is on , the remote will display programmable actions on the LCD screen , covering any device involved in the activity . I even have the Xbox A , B , X , and Y buttons mapped for browsing the media functions . In most instances , this is fantastic . My roommate literally could not even play DVDs before , but now all he has to do is push a single button . In some cases , though , everything does n't work so smoothly , and the remote seems to turn some devices off instead of just leaving them on . Also , the response delay is often noticeably long , which can get annoying . These are probably user error on my part , but the setup is very sensitive in that regard and WILL take time to get perfect . Strangely , even though it uses the Harmony software , the remote uses a special Harman/Kardon interface that is not quite as functional as Logitech 's web-based system . If you log into the Harmony site , it will redirect you to Harman/Kardon 's homepage , which is completely worthless - I 'm still trying to figure that one out . You can download and install the recent Harmony software , but Harman/Kardon reps instructed me not to -LRB- but it worked fine and had some more features -RRB- . Speaking of customer service , my remote DID completely lock up on me one time as I was updating it with some new settings . An email to customer service was returned surprisingly quickly -LRB- less than six hours -RRB- and the solution worked immediately . It involved resetting the remote to factory settings , then simply re-updating the programming -LRB- everything is stored on their servers through your account -RRB- . In all , a very painless experience . As far as the button layout goes , I prefer that of the `` peanut-shaped '' Harmony remotes , as the TC-30 -LRB- and Harmony 520/550 -RRB- have some odd placements . At the same time , I like the rectangular shape better ; be aware though that this remote is almost nine inches long and at times will require two hands to move between the number pad at the bottom and the LCD at the top . The backlighting is a nice blue color , but it does n't shine through the white text of the buttons as well as it could . It 's easiest to see in either complete darkness or full light , and can get hard to distinguish at times . If I can nitpick , I wish the record button had ` REC ' in white letters instead of the traditional red circle . It 's something you have to see to understand ; it just is n't black , white , silver , or blue . The tilt sensor is a sweet feature and will save you from having to hit the `` glow '' button . You 're going to need to see the LCD screen anyway , but you also want to save battery life , which is fantastic , as far as I can tell . I 've been home from school for a week and a half now without charging and it still is going strong . The remote does n't sit very securely in the dock , but I doubt that would really ever become an issue.EDIT 2/8/2011 -LRB- and reduction to two stars -RRB-
 I decided to try the Panasonic SA XR70S when my older amplifier finally blew . I trust the Panasonic brand in general , and i love their video products -- excellent quality for the price . However , i was extremely disappointed in this product.Pros -- very nice design , lightweight , intuitive and easy to use , covers all the basics and generally works well.Cons -- the sound is inferior . -LRB- i personally ` hate ' it ! -RRB- maybe i was pushing it to go with 100 watts per channel -LRB- lowest power i would try to drive my large Klipsch speakers -RRB- , but the bass response is weak , and i felt like i was trying to drive a powerful speaker with a boom box.Overall , not a BAD product and for some people and their speakers and other equipment , it is probably very good for the price . i happen to like a FAT sound , warm and dynamic , and i was ` cheaping out ' getting an amp not really rated for my speakers . For others who also love that FAT sound , not too bright , not too warm , you may be disappointed in this product.I give Amazon five stars for their easy returns and good customer service . : - -RRB-
 THE GOOD NEWS . . IT HAS ENOUGH POWER TO BLOW THE WALLS DOWN OR HEAR ALL AT A WHISPER . I HAVE 7 SPEAKERS HOOKED TO IT AND IT IS GREAT . CRISP AND CLEAN . RIGHT AND LEFT FRONT AND CENTER JBL 'S . REAR SURROUND RIGHT AND LEFT JBL 'S AND A BIC CENTER . POLK POWERED 8 INCH SUB WOOFER . I SIMPLY RAN MY AUDIO OUT FROM THE TV TO THE RECEIVER SO VCR , DVD AND TV ARE AUTOMATICLY HOOKED UP TO THE RECEIVERS TV INPUT . THEN I USED A CD CHANGER AND EQUIALIZER HOOKED TO THE CD IN ON THE RECEIVER . THE RECEIVER IS COMPLETLY AUTOMATIC AND WILL ADJUST EACH SPEAKER AS YOU LIKE IT . THE BAD NEWS . THE INSTRUCTION BOOK IS VERY HARD TO UNDERSTAND . THE UNIT HAS WAY TOO MANY ADJUSTMENTS . TOO MANY SOUND VARIENTS TO FOOL WITH . IT WAS VERY HARD FOR ME TO LEARN HOW TO USE . THE AM FM RECEIVER PART WORKS VERY GOOD . ALL AUTOMATIC . THE TONE ADJUSTMENTS DO NOT REALLY DO MUCH . SO I USE THE TONE ADJUSTMENTS THROUGH THE TV FOR TV DVD AND VCR . THE EQUALIZER FOR CD . OVERALL I AM VERY SATISFIED WITH THE UNIT , ONCE I LEARNED HOW TO OPERATE IT . A FAR CRY FROM THE YAMAHA 16 YEAR OLD AMPLIFIER IT REPLACED . I WOULD DEFINETLY RECOMMEND THIS UNIT TO ALL . LIGHT WEIGHT , COMPACT AND THE PRICE WAS RIGHT WITH FREE SHIPPING . BUY IT . .
 I bought an STi Mobile prepaid phone and service . I have used multiple prepaid phone services . This is the worst ever service BY FAR .1 -RRB- They have many hidden charges and change them without notice . They added a 10 cent daily fee without any notice . They started deducting from my account every day until it reached zero . The fee was 365 days/year even if you do n't use your phone . I did n't use the phone for a couple weeks and my account reached zero . Once the balance reached 0 for 14 days , they deactivated my phone . Once deactivated I lost my phone number and voicemail . If your phone is disconnected because they added some new fee and started deducting , you are not notified . I only found out when I tried to make a call .2 -RRB- Watch the fake rebates . They used a rebate to get me in , but once my account hit 0 , they said my rebate was now disqualified because I hit zero . I hit zero because they added a fee without any notice . Now I have to pay for activation again . When I called then about this what did they say ? `` The customer is responsible to review the terms and conditions often on the website for any changes . '' Needless to say , I 'll choose another carrier and will not reactivate with them .3 -RRB- Their customer service is useless . They ask you to repeat information again and again . When you call about a problem or question , they tell you to call back after they can talk to some other department . You call back and they claim to have no record of your last call .4 -RRB- Want to know your account balance ? You ca n't know your account balance without calling customer service and talking to an operator or making a call . They used to tell you your balance if you dial a number and hung up before it connected . But they changed that policy without notice . Now if you dial a number to know the balance you will get charged even if you disconnect right away . Customer service response ? `` Yes , we changed that . You -LRB- the customer -RRB- are responsible for reviewing the terms and conditions on our website . `` 5 -RRB- Want to buy a recharge card directly from the STI website ? Oops , you pay an extra service fee.They are clearly trying to get you to buy the service and play games after you activate your number . I thought it was cheaper than other prepaid services I had used before . I learned the hard way that the additional fees and deductions cost me more than I thought I would save.Never use STi Mobile service . These guys are going to get really familiar with the BBB really fast with the stuff I experienced and what I keep hearing about them .
 You have 3 months to use your card or they eat whatever balance you have left . They go out of their way not to draw your attention to this little detail .
 I was using and will soon change back to my trusty MX700 because ... - very jerky movement and very difficult to precisly point the - verticle scrolling is also jerky and continues even after you stop moving the wheel - SetPoint is MUCH less versatile than MouseWare , You ca n't remap all of the buttons and those that you can , sometimes lose their custom features , I even downloaded the most recent drivers from logitech ... to no avail . This was a clean install of setpoint , MouseWare has never been on this new hard drive . - Lots of interference from the RF to my speakers . The receiver/charger is in the same location as the one from the MX700 was . - Some loss of funtionality when using the FireFox browserIn conclusion , I feel that this is a step back and not forward from the MX 500/MX700 mice . I used it for 3 weeks to make sure it was not just the learning curve with any new mouse , but the mouse/SetPoint software itself.EDITED 9 Apr 05 - I gave this mouse to a `` ultra-gamer '' friend who was going to buy one anyway . He liked the ergonomics and since he does n't shift his bottons 1 & 2 , he did n't have my complaint about not being able to customize this function . He says that he CAN see a difference with his Fung.net super mousepad . He gave it back to me as he said that the cursor will occasionally jump around and that the modest increase in performance is n't worth the flackey software .
 I read a lot of reviews that seemed to be mixed on the performance of this laser mouse , but decided to take a chance . When I first installed it , things worked great , but after the first time a re-charged it , I could no longer see the cursor in certain applications -LRB- i.e. MS Outlook , some games , etc -RRB- . I had not experienced this problem with the mouse during the first week of use . Not seeing the cursor makes some applications not usable or extremely difficult to use . I sent a note to Logitech and got back a canned response after a week telling me to make sure the device was located away for other electronic devices , etc.In fairness to Logitech , I am running ME as opposed to XP , which is why I gave 2 stars instead of 1 .
 If you need to set your double-click rate to something faster or slower than the default setting , you CAN NOT do this after installing Logitech 's drivers . Quote from their tech support : > Thank you for your recent inquiry about your Pointing Devices . >> I understand that you are unable to customize the double-click rate on your Logitech 510 optical mouse . >> Please refer the following steps to resolve the issue : >> 1 . Uninstall the MouseWare software from Start | Control Panel | > Add/Remove programs . > 2 . Adjust the settings with the native drivers . > 3 . If you are able to adjust the settings on native drivers please > perform a clean boot of MouseWare software .
 I 've relied on reviews many times , but this is the first one I 've written . But I needed to share my experience with anyone wanting to attach this mouse to any kind of a docking station.To begin with , the one star rating is based on my experience trying to use the mouse with my IBM Thinkpad that I attach to a docking station in my office . The mouse could very well be four or five stars in other situations.After installing the Logitech software and rebooting my computer , neither the mouse nor the keyboard attached to my docking station would work anymore . I called Logitech to try to resolve the problem . The customer service person asserted that `` logitech mice do not work with docking stations '' , which was something I found surprising since I was replacing a logitech optical mouse that was attached to my docking station . Then he said `` well , they are not guaranteed to work . '' Okay , so I guess this one wo n't work . That 's fine , I can return it and stick with my old mouse . `` But why , '' I ask , `` does n't my keyboard work anymore . '' Well , he tries to assure me that there was nothing at all that their installation software could ever do to make a keyboard not work anymore , especially since I had a PS-2 keyboard.I said , `` Well , it was working . And it 's been working for three years . And it stopped working right after I rebooted my computer after installing your software . '' He tried to assure me that my docking station must have broken when I rebooted my computer.I said , `` You 're trying to tell me that it 's more likely that my docking station simply broke right after I installed your mouse software than it is that your software did something to mess up my computer . '' He basically said yup.Then he put me on hold.So he comes back and says that in rare cases , the mouse software can indeed interfere with a docking station . I should just uninstall the Logitech software.So I do.Well , the keyboard still does n't work.So now he 's convinced that my docking station must be broken . I say , `` Could n't your software have overwritten something ? Could n't your software have screwed up some registry entries somewhere ? `` He says that the installation program removes the software from the computer , so there 's nothing left to interfere with my keyboard . So I say , `` Well that assumes that your uninstall program does everything it 's supposed to , right . `` Finally , he tells me that maybe I should talk to a manager.I do . And he says that in fact it is possible that the original installation may have overwritten drivers that I on my computer in order to see anything on the docking station.But it 's up to IBM to help me through the problem.Logitech screwed up my computer , but I need to call IBM to fix it.I tell them that I 'll need to return the mouse . He tells me to return it to the store I bought it at . I tell them `` I bought it online and that I 'll have to pay shipping to send it back . '' He says yup.I tell him that another answer might be that they would be happy to let me return it to them , that they 'd pay the shipping , and that they 'd give me a refund.He says that they ca n't do this.I 've usually looked to the Logitech name because they get good reviews and because I 've had good luck in the past with their products.Now , I am going to look elsewhere.And if you were thinking of using this mouse on any kind of docking station or port replicator , forget it . It 's one thing for it not to work . It 's another thing for it to screw up your computer so that you need to spend an hour or two trying to fix it.Argh!I persisted in trying to tell this clown that it was highly unlikely that my docking station was broken and that their software must have done something to screw up my system .
 As a happy owner of a Logitech MX900 , I thought that the upgrade to the MX1000 would be a no brainer . So I purchased one.There are pluses in the MX1000 over the MX900 . It has a better fit in the hand , there is a battery status indicator on the MX1000 whereas the MX 900 does not have this feature . -LRB- You have to use the on screen battery indicator . -RRB- But there is also a lot not to like about the MX1000.The mouse itself does feel better than the MX900 , but the receiver is flimsy and much lighter than the MX900 reciever making it less stable . The buttons are super-sensitive and easily clicked by mistake . It would be good to have the ability to turn off certain buttons but there is no way that I could find to turn them off . -LRB- You can unassign them , but then the SetPoint application interrupts your work asking you to reassign the buttons should you happen to accidently click an unassigned button . -RRB- The cursor flies to the top of the screen without warning , selects text without warning . In short the mouse is so smart that it outsmarts itself and its user at times . Some of this may be due to my big hand , or even cockpit problems . But there is no way to know because Logitech provides no on line or web support for the product.The mouse has awful range . It works on my computer desk , but refuses to work on my mouse shelf 4 inches below the desk . Moving the reciever unit around makes no difference . The MX900 is quite happy on my desk or on the mouse shelf.I removed the MX 1000 and have replaced it with my trusty MX 900 . I am a happy camper again !
 This mouse , when it worked , was everything it 's hyped up to be
 The good :1 . Stunning looks and curves2 . Good functional features such as a zoom mode and application chooser button .3 . Integrated , rechargeable batteriesThe bad :1 . Although it looks very ergonomic , it is n't . Getting to the back and forward buttons as well as the scroll up button is a pain . Application button placed between back and forward button prevents easy use of those buttons .2 . The scroll wheel feels flimsy and tends to bounce up when you scroll down . On the rare occasion , it can be down right unresponsive .3 . Much heavier than your average mouseI have returned this unit . The scroll wheel issue is a deal breaker for me . Frankly , I 'd expect much better quality from a mouse this expensive.The phrase `` looks can be deceiving '' fits the bill perfectly here . It 's such a beautiful piece of hardware and you 'd think that all those nice curves would be aimed at facilitating its operation , but in the end , you are left frustrated trying to reach the buttons you 'd like to use . The unit does feel good in your hand as long as you 're not trying to do anything other than right and left clicking .
 This laser mouse works very well . The mouse is too large and too heavy . It is definitely made for a man . So mine is being returned ! Another item of interest , the base has to sit 8 '' away from anything electrical and metal .
 I am a gamer so I 'm very particular about the mice I use . Logitech is a great mouse maker and I 'm a happy owner of an MX700 . The MX700 was the first mouse that was created that was actually workable in games -LRB- including FPS -RRB- . So , I was excited about a new cordless that used a laser . Anything that improves tracking accuracy is great for gamers.This is where things go downhill . I bought the MX1000 , spent about 5 minutes getting it set up -LRB- after fully charging it first -RRB- and went to town . On the plus side , the tracking is truely excellent . No question about it . There 's nothing out there that 's as good and I 've tried almost every mouse made . The battery life appears to be also very good . This thing is extremely efficient about controlling its power useage . Ergonomically , it is also very nice.Unfortunately , it has two major problems :1 -RRB- the right mouse button is too stiff and even caused me hand strain in a game where you have to use the right mouse button a lot . This may be specific to my particular sample , but it 's something to watch for since if there 's one like that , there 's probably more .2 -RRB- the mouse wobbles . It 's like a weeble ... it wobbles but it never falls down . I 'm not kidding . I even tried shifting the weight in my hand to compensate but it still wobbled . I tried it on 3 completely surfaces and got the same result each time . This is simply unacceptable and completely invalidates its use for gaming . I would n't even use it for productivity apps ... it 's that annoying.Honestly , I ca n't see how this mouse made it out of the prototype stage with the wobble problem . Using it for 10 seconds would make this apparent . Sadly , my dream mouse must wait until Logitech comes out with it 's next iteration -LRB- whenever that is -RRB- . Until then I 'll stick with my trusty MX700.I would have given this mouse 1 star but the excellent tracking buys it 2 stars .
 Let me first state that I 'm an avid gamer and the mouse got some heavy use . Once the mouse started charging properly the battery had excellent life and would last for days . Overall feel and shape is the same as any other typical mouse out there.Initially I had problems charging this mouse . It would charge sometimes and not others . Eventually took some abrasive paper to the contacts and solved that problem.Buttons started acting up after 4 months , occasionally sticking . By the time 6 months rolled around I was ready to toss this as far as I could throw it . I constantly had buttons locking up and have recently resorted to slamming the mouse on the desktop repeatedly to return function to it . I expected more from the device that initially cost $ 70 ...
 I 've owned 2 Logitech mice in this series.BOTH have failed after 1 year 's use ... Left Click starts generating Double Clicks.Nice feel and operation - while it lasted , but I 'll never buy another one .
 The feature of the mouse all works great as advertised but after 2 months of use ... and I have to say that I only use this mouse for internet surfing .1 -RRB- New updated software sucks for this mouse . The old software that came with the mouse was great . Pointer was smooth and fast . Then I bought the logitech keyboard -LRB- Media Elite -RRB- , updated the software to support it , and now the mouse pointer is skippy with the SetPoint software . Have to revert back to the OS mouse point tracking , which is way slow . Now the mx1000 feels like my 2 years old cheap optical mouse speed .2 -RRB- Another point I have to stress is that I only use this mouse for internet surfing , no games at all so there should n't be any stress to the mouse . However , the wheel on the mouse is starting to become a little squeaky . The construction is also wearing thin ... You see that blue , green-ish part in the middle-well , it 's starting to get loose from the black part . Very uncomfortable . It 's as if you 're holding the mouse and there is a big crack underneath your hand .3 -RRB- Battery is a disappointment , but not that disastrous . It lasts about only 3 days of usage -LRB- I use the comp for 8 hours a day -RRB- ... I read reviews online that the mouse lasts about 1 week . Yea right . The battery supposedly lasts about 4 years max -LRB- which I doubt , it 's just an overestimation with low mouse usage -RRB- and once the internal battery dies , so does your mouse . Ca n't replace batteries.Overall , I would n't get this mouse again . Cheap contruction , poor software -LRB- laser ? Pointless if you 're using the new software to support newer logitech products -- the mx1000 is pretty old compared with other popular products -RRB- , and recharing battery is just annoying . However , I have to say that the 60 bucks I spent was still worthwhile , for 2 months at least . I just have to bare with the uncomfortable crack on the cheap construction -LRB- ergonomic ? what a joke -RRB- . Note : I have n't tried the warranty but I hope they honor it .
 The mouse has a tendency to jump the cursor around the screen when moving . It 's somewhat random but the jumps can be very severe . For example , you could be moving in a small area at the center of the screen and suddenly find the cursor at the very bottom of the screen . I 've tried both a 3M mousing surface and a regular black cloth mouse pad and the issue was prevalent on both . I thought it would be nice to have the advertised level of precision but the jumps defeat the purpose.Update - Tried the latest logitech software , been on the phone with their tech support , and the conclusion is for me to send the mouse back to Amazon . Since many others are having favorable results , I 'm going to try exchanging it for another MX1000 and hope for the best .
 I owned one of these for several years , and loved it . I 'd still be using it today if the rechargeable battery had n't died on me . It 's not user-replaceable , so when it dies you can throw away the mouse . If they had made this mouse to use AA batteries I would have given it 5 stars . Shame on Logitech for making a mouse that wo n't allow you to replace the battery .
 The battery burns out way fast and it 's annoying . I 've actually had to sit and not to work while it ` charged ' who needs that ?? Plus I would deal with that ok if it was super specific . It 's not . It 's skippy . Laser my -LSB- ... -RSB- . This mouse is a -LSB- ... -RSB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 This mouse would be excellent if the ergonomic problems with it were solved.To use the scrolling wheel , one must orient their hand so it is curved up above the entire mouse - very cumbersome - the tendency is to want to scroll not with the tip of one 's finger but rather somewhere close to the knuckle ! One can not simply lie one 's hand on the mouse -LRB- the Microsoft folks got this right -RRB- Also , while scrolling the forward and backward scroll switch are not easy to reach unless one readjusts their hand position -LRB- or can you say carpal tunnel -RRB- . Similarly , the side thumb switches are misplaced too far back . I also agree with a reviewers previous comment that the area to rest one 's thumb is too narrow -LRB- this is true even for my wife who has itsy bitsy fingers -RRB- . The wobbling of the base is something that could have easily been alleviated by removing one of the plastic pads -LRB- thus having three instead of four -RRB- . As it stands , if one is removed from the current design it is even more unstable -LRB- arghhh ! -RRB- -LRB- ever heard of a tripod , Logitech ? -RRB- . What is amazing is that after making millions of these damn mice one company ca n't get it all right . As it stands I am more comfortable with my $ 9.99 optical mouse .
 I have had to plug in my old mouse.I tried restarting and resetting the Logitech Laser mouse a dozen times.I submitted a report to Logitech about 10 days ago.I included all the model and serial numbers.I have not received any response at all.What a waste of $ 66 .
 I bought this mouse 6 months ago and Boy , was I happy . It had EVERYTHING and more than I could possibly have wanted in a mouse.The trouble , though , is that the one thing I do NOT want in a mouse is too evident in this mouse . Whilst new it glides like a dream but after a few weeks it 's poly feet begin to scratch.The mouse ScrApeS AloNg your mouse pad like a brick wrapped in sandpaper after only a few weeks and THAT is annoying . I simply ca n't use the mouse anymore and had to go back to my old mouse .
 It may have better tracking but you wo n't notice it . It feels like a brick in my hand . You ca n't successfuly negotiate finite mouse movements when your mouse weighs a ton . My $ 19 Logitech optical wheel mouse is far easier for the hand and I honestly ca n't tell the differece in tracking . The forward and backward buttons do n't work in all browsers -LRB- I use Avant -RRB- , and the up scroll button does n't click to acknowlegde the command and yet the down scroll does . The only good thing I can say about this product is the ergonomic design .
 It does n't matter how good the mouse is , if you ca n't CHARGE it.Others have said it 's wo n't sit properly in the charging cradle and they were correct.Unless you hold your breath , stand on one foot and touch your nose with one finger , IT 'S NOT GON NA CHARGE.Poor design , Logitec.Maybe yours will , maybe it wo n't . Want to take a chance on it?Oh , and Lefties , forget about it.This is a VERY right handed mouse.You wo n't even be remotely able to adapt to it .2 thumbs down .
 I had to replace my first MX1000 because a full battery charge lasted less than five days instead of the 21 days claimed by Logitech . The replacement MX1000 is behaving the same way . On the fourth day , the green LED charge indicator was already down to a single light -LRB- out of three -RRB- . This mouse is destined to be returned as well .
 Overall the mouse works as well as the optical Logitech I was using . However I found a huge flaw in the way the MX 1000 works . The mouse does not work at all when you need to start from a cd -LRB- such as Disk Warrior -RRB- or when you use the option key at startup -LRB- on a Mac -RRB- to choose what disk to start from . In order to do anything in these cases you need to connect a different mouse . This is entirely unacceptable to me and I am returning the MX 1000 . I contacted Logitech support and they tell me that is not a feature of the mouse . They also sounded rather unsure of what they sell . To have software that will not support the mouse use at these times is completely unacceptable .
 Search the internet for `` MX1000 problem '' before you buy . Many units are not level and wobble when on a flat surface . Many users report issues with lag . The Setpoint driver software has issues . I 've contacted Logitech and they expect me to pay for a toll call to get an RMA number , pay for shipping , and then wait 6 + weeks to receive a unit without the wobble . Do yourself a big favor and wait this one out . There 's no excuse for Logitech letting this slip through quality control and then expecting the customers to bear the expense . On the plus side , the mouse is very comfortable .
 I went on a three day mouse hunting safari a week ago with the lofty goal of finding the perfect mouse . I read many reviews and traveled around to numerous stores in my quest . I think I 'll have to wait awhile longer for the perfect mouse because I do n't believe it 's been manufactured yet . However , I 'm glad I chose the Microsoft Wireless Optical Mouse 5000 . I find this mouse to be very smooth and comfortable with prolonged use . Most important of all to me is that the pointer has n't skipped erratically or hung once . I did n't think I would like or need the included magnifying action but I 've used it several times and now I really like it . I have had no screen saver issues with this mouse . I was having allot of screen saver problems with my Logitech mouse which I 'll mention next.My Logitech MX1000 was probably the most comfortable and solid feeling mouse I 've ever used but it 's pointer was constantly getting stuck and acting erratically . I was also having constant screen saver issues with the computer screen turning itself on and off . I also got tired of it 's scratchy wheel action . In my opinion the Logitech software is sub par to what I 'm now experiencing with Microsoft 's . I use two computers and one monitor via a KVM switch . The MX1000 never did work correctly for me when using the hot switchable KVM switch . With the MX1000 I was constantly losing my mouse pointer and would have to switch back and forth to get it back again . My Wireless Optical Mouse 5000 has n't missed a beat once when switching back and forth . The MX1000 's rechargeable battery was excellent however . From what I hear the Microsoft Wireless Optical Mouse 5000 has great battery life too.The Microsoft Wireless Optical Mouse 5000 is a really nice mouse at what seems to me a fair price . I 've had a bad experience with the Logitech MX1000 .
 Switching between computers will cause the mouse wheel and extra buttons to fail until the computer is put into suspend mode and resumed . This is caused by a -LRB- probably simple -RRB- bug in the mouse driver , but rather than fix the problem Logitech just says they do n't support KVM switches . Switching to a standard ps/2 mouse driver takes care of the wheel problem , but you wo n't have use of the extra buttons or side scroll . My impression is that Logitech is too big to care about their customers .
 It worked and did its job . However , the mouse had problems sitting in the charging cradle ; I would all ways have to play around to get it to charge . Though , my LAN buddies also had this mouse but did not have this issue .
 This mouse looks nice and comes with a resume packed full of features . The big problem is , it works poorly . Very poorly . I have a black desktop , where the mouse works not at all ; just wave it around and the pointer remains wherever it was when you started . I therefore use this mouse on some sort of substrate , typically a blank sheet of paper . It works better under these conditions , but still very poorly . The pointer wanders around and I have to labor carefully to bring it to my intended mark . Often it overshoots the target . It 's not that I move the mouse past the target , I move to the target , then the pointer continues to drift away slowly , not responding to my movements of the actual mouse . So , I 'd keep looking . The idea of this mouse is promising , but the reality is sorely disappointing .
 I disliked this mouse . It worked fine and connected with the iMac easily . But it 's an oddly-shaped mouse , and very heavy . Beginning to use it , I enjoyed the absence of a wire . But by the end of only an hour , my wrist and forearm were aching -- and my wrist and forearm never ache . I put the mouse back in its box and returned it pronto .
 For the life of me can not get the mousewheel to work . . Tried everything I could think of plus a few from the logitech fourms.This purchas is a complete waste of money . If you are thinking of buying , Justy remember what Mrs Reagan used to say `` Just say NO '' . spend your money on a different brand.The added weight of this mouse will come in handy when you throw it towards a dumpster .
 This Mouse will NOT allow the Scroll button to Pan-Realtime . And the Software will not allow you to disable it at all . The only way to use this mouse with CAD is to uninstall the software entirely and abandon the functions of all the other fancy buttons . Logitech must have spent 5 minutes testing this mouse .
 The mouse itself is great , but there are a lot of them going around that do not lay flat on a surface . I got one of them sent to me from Amazon . This is clearly a defect that Logitech has acknowledged , but for some reason they are still being sold .
 i have a couple of problems with the mx1000 . I have problems with the software . The side scrolls dont work on certain browsers like firefox also the back and front buttons dont work . i aslo have the problem with lifting it up . It freezes when u lift it up a slight bit so for gamers this is probably not the best and it is very sensitive .
 I give this mouse 1 star and not 3 too bring its rating down.CONS
 I was in the hunt for a wireless mouse for my gaming needs after the Logitech ifeel mouse died out on me , after looking at the features of all the wireless mice available and also curious because of this new technology I went ahead and bought this and boy , need I tell you I am disappointed with it . I needed the mouse for my games , not some casual games but the likes of doom 3 , Farcry , etc , so I didnt even bother testing the mouse 's performance with day to day mundane activities which can be performed with an ordinary scroll mouse for $ 1 . For the latest games , this mouse is virtually useless ; like another reviewer said the games dont even recognize the other buttons on the mouse so u r stuck with playing with just ur std mouse buttons , so what do u do with the rest of the buttons , u can send them back to logitech for now or u can map them to stupid tasks like opening a browser , playing winamp or any other absolutely geeky , practically stupid tasks . So if u r a gamer u would be better off picking up the MX900 which is more bang for bucks than this futuristic mouse .
 The mouse itself is amazing and works excellently at any task I put it to . However , the charging cradle does not match up with the mouse to charge it . I had to bend and break off the black plastic back of the cradle to get it to charge . Now I discover that the power input for the cradle is a simple tiny piece of wire that just ripped out when I removed the power cord . It is a great mouse but the power issues render it useless and I will not be buying another unless the design has changed .
 I have tested the MX1000 for ten days , and I deeply regret having spent money on it . Having used a MX700 for a long time , I noticed some serious flaws -LRB- mostly driver-related -RRB- which have led me to dump the MX1000 in favor of my old MX700 : What makes the MX1000 totally unusable for me is a scroll wheel problem under Logitech SetPoint v2 .11 : When working in Windows Explorer -LRB- or Internet Explorer or most other double-pane programs -RRB- with a Folders pane and a Files pane visible , the scroll wheel ALWAYS only operates in the `` active '' pane where the selection bar is , also when the mouse pointer is located -LRB- or pointing -RRB- on the other pane . To change `` scroll focus '' , it is necessary to click in the pane that should scroll and activate it -LRB- thus losing the previous selection or even inadvertently initiating an undesired action -RRB- , or to use the scroll bar which would be silly because that is what the scroll wheel is for!When working in a double-pane window -LRB- such as , e.g. , a split window in MS Word -RRB- or in multiple document windows within one application , scrolling also only takes place in the currently activated window , independently from the position of the mouse pointer ! -LRB- This means you have to click inside the desired window to use the scroll wheel at all , thus unavoidably losing insertion point location or selection ! -RRB- To productively use the trackball in a work environment , the current behavior is unacceptable . Have you ever tried to scroll through multi-window lists ? Or worked on a large monitor in MS Word with three or more active document windows ? Or in a split window in Excel ? Who ever has will easily understand that the scrolling behavior I am talking about is indispensable and that the current `` design '' is not only unintuitive , but counter-productive and thus unacceptable.The scroll wheel should operate in a logical and intuitive way in the pane the mouse pointer is pointing at -LRB- NOT necessarily clicked at -RRB- ; i.e. , if just pointing/moving over the Folders pane and using the scroll wheel , this pane should scroll -LRB- without getting activated -RRB- ; if pointing over the Files pane , that one should scroll.BTW , it seems some software companies have recognized the general problem and solved it on their own
 Numerous problems plague this mouse . Lift it from your surface and try to mouse again and experience delays . Buttons do not work in most applications , and are not recognized in almost any games . They are also trying to replace their `` MouseWare '' drivers with a new ` SetPoint ' software , with a tremendous reduction in features -LRB- less than 1/2 the button assignment options -RRB- and an incredible bloat -LRB- ~ 17MB instead of 2-3MB -RRB- . I would advise
 I was initially excited about this mouse , and it does work well over ANY surface.However , it did not work with my existing wireless keyboard from Microsoft . My system would lock up after about 20 minutes . When I removed the mouse driver , it would work fine for about 2 hours before it locked up.Even when I switched to a non wireless keyboard , the mouse would still lock up the system . It did n't matter whether I used the driver or not.I scoured the message boards looking for an answer to my problem , and I noticed a lot of other users having different problems also . It seems that Logitech developed a good product , but did n't spend time to make sure that the driver was compatible with XP and other hardware/software .
 What a great mouse - it feels great , is VERY accurate , recharges and it 's cordless . So , why only stars ? Well , this mouse needs a few more months dev work ; There have been numerous complaints of ` delays ' -LRB- it switched to standby mode after a few seconds of not moving it -RRB- . I have n't experienced that . BUT , I had to return one mouse to the buttons not having tactile feel . Well , can happen - but Logitech is introducing a new software -LRB- Setpoint instead of mouseware -RRB- with this mouse - and guess what , it does n't work in ANY games -LRB- this being a mouse that 's extremely accurate , especially for games -RRB- . Play Doom 3 ? Far Cry ? NONE of the buttons , save the 2 standard ones and the wheel are working . THis is due to Logitech now using a TSR rather than the sleek mouseware drivers -LRB- that replaced the standard mouse driver -RRB- . All in all , this can be a great product - in a few months when they iron out the many kinks and give it drivers that work uniformly . What was Logitech thinking ? This did n't go through QA it seems ...
 Hey , the mouse felt and performed great , just after few adjustments through the logitech software . During the first 3 months , it was flawless , then signal inturreptions and action button freezing started to occur , I 'd say occasionally . Suddenly and after around 5 and 1/2 months of use , the mouse started to act crazy , hanging and freezing windows applications . It caused me losing some of my documents . As I 'm now in the middle of finishing my PhD thesis , I would n't risk using it with my work.Honestly , I was always a logitech user , but not any more , after investing in such unreliable product , which can cost more than the $ 50 paid for it.My advise , if extreme accuracy is not a requirements for you , go for an older , more reliable and stable mouse . As I said , if you depend on this one , it might cost you dearly .
 When first receiving the mouse , I loved it ! But it quit working entirely after just 3 months !!!!
 I bought This mouse hoping it would n't have the problems others seem to be having . I was wrong . It had erratic movements and often wouldnt connect . I tried to reinstall software , move base different areas 's . Nothing seemed to fix it . Tech support basically blew it off . This was a great idea . Too bad logitech did n't follow through on some testing before they released it.I would wait another year until they fix it or come out with something that works .
 This product Would be a great product if the base recharging unit was n't so poorly designed and the product registration was n't worthless . By worthless I mean it 's only for marketing purposing and has nothing to do with keeping track of registered product or serial numbers etc. . When I registered this product I did so under a false name just to see where my name would be sold and you would n't believe what came back , everything from junk email to a hundred or so bad credit card offers . I ca n't believe that I paid a hundred dollars to have my name turned over to a mass marketing list.Two months after use the base station charging connections all but wore out and now I 'm forced to wrap a rubber band around it and the mouse just to get the right amount of pressure so that the mouse would charge , it 's just a shame that the base was n't designed as well as the mouse . The mouse has a nice feel , the only problem is the location of the thumb button , I keep bumping it unintentionally.Overall it 's the selling of my name and information that will keep me from ever buying a logitech again . Too many companies are getting away with this nowadays and for the cost of products I say it 's unwarranted ,
 This mouse is great , has excellent dynamics and all . However , the downside of it , that after I bought it , I found out that it does n't have a little portable signal receiver . Instead , the signal receiver is the same as the charging base . Which makes taking the mouse and the laptop around very hard . Its a great mouse , yet its not that much of a milestone from previous Logitech mouses .
 I only give it two stars because the laser tracking is magnificent ! But the ergonomics of the mouse and the button placement make it un-usable . I tried this out for close to a week and was not satisfied . It left my hand cramped from even 15 minutes of use . It is too large in all directions and is very heavy , which required too much force to move the mouse . It would have been nice if the finger cutouts would be a little deepr for the pinkey finger and its counterpart and that the thumb print be shallower . The back and forward buttons strain your thumb to push becasue they are so akwardly places . The only thing to praise besides the laser is the scroll wheel . If they made a slimer version of this mouse , I would buy it . But until then , the mouse hunt continues .
 DISCLAIMER
 I have owned this mouse for about 6 months now and I have not had a problem until now . The left click is now not working . It clicks two times if I press it one time and that can really cause some problems . I have closed programs and documents by mistake without saving etc. . The right click does n't really work that great either . It is really hard to click it down . That started about 2 months ago . So all in all the click on this is no good !
 I use a Mac running OS X 10.3.7 and have been using the predecessor to this mouse , the Logitech MX700 , all year without any problems . I bought the MX1000 today as an impulse buy -LRB- also because it was cheap -RRB- and wish I had done some research first.The mouse JUMPS to the edge of the screen or a few inches in a random direction often -LRB- 3 times in less than 5 minutes at last count -RRB- . Logitech support forum states this is a known issue and you can correct it by downloading SetPoint . Great if you own a Windows machine , Apple users are left sitting in the dark . They also state the jumping only occurs if you use the USB connection and another solution is to connection via PS2 port . Again , great for windows users but for laptop users and Apple users who have no PS2 port not the best cure.I would take it back but I am currently in USA and heading back to UK tomorrow morning so ca n't get back to the store . Since it 's still new , think I 'm going to box it back up and give it to my dad as an extra Christmas present , he 's a Windows user so he can combat the jumping.Just to re-iterate my point : This mouse has a know FAULT and the cursor JUMPS . Windows users can fix this with drivers , Apple users are stuffed !
 I am currently using Microsoft mouse and it is much lighter and comfortable . I like the laser , but I really can not tell the difference between a laser and an optical tracking ... My optical mouse performs just fine , but I bought this just to see how much the tracking will improve ... again , not much . This mouse is too big and heavy for me . Like one of the other reviewer said , the grip is really funky ! I use my mouse for 5-6hrs a day and this thing is way too heavy !!! it hurts my wrist after about 30min use !!! I was going to give it to my wife , but she can not use it because of its weight and it is designed only for right handed users ... she 's left handed ... I
 My office recently purchased three of these and they turned out to be defective . The problem that another reviewer mentioned `` Great until it broke '' started from day one.The pointer would jump all over the screen and act as though it was `` drunk '' going everywhere as though it could n't stop . It took our IT guy a long time until he finally called Logitech who very cautiously admitted they were defective.Logitech would n't take them back because they said we purchased them through Dell along with our new computers.Too bad , because the functions the mouse offers is amazing .
 When using the mouse on any hard surface , the mouse wobles back and forth . Apparantly , this is a widespread problem since there is a lengthy discussion on Logitech 's own support forums regarding the issue.Also , the back and forward buttons do not work in the Mozilla web browser.I highly recommend the MX700 over this mouse .
 On April 16 , I bought the Logitech Laser Cordless Mouse MX1000 -LRB- in Taiwan -RRB- whose Product Number and Model Number are 852152-0200 and LZC50705219 respectively . However , I found that the mouse cursor often jumps unpredictably . This `` jumpy mouse cursor scenario '' occurs quite often , say approximately three times or above in an hour . This is a very serious problem to me since I usually spend a long time in the front of screen . Then on May 3 , I took this mouse to the customer department of the Logitech company . They promised to help me to deal with this problem . On May 5 , the customer department returned my mouse and said that , after their tests , this mouse does not have any problems and functions very well . But they did not tell me who performs the tests , how and how long thay performs the tests ? Do I need to tell a lie ? I can not believe that the Logitech company demonstrates such a bad , terrible , horrible attitude towards their customer . The worst , I pay about US 80 dollars to buy this flaw product . Therefore , I have to say that Logitech Laser Cordless Mouse MX1000 is the worst mouse I have ever bought -LRB- as far as cursor movement is concerned -RRB- . EDIT -------- Yesterday -LRB- May 11 -RRB- , the Logitech engineer who performed the test on my mouse called me and said he took three hours to perform the tests . I said , `` Can I sit by you and carefully watch how do you test my mouse ? If the jumpy mouse cursor scenario occurs indeed frequently within three hours , then you return my money . '' He rejected . And I said , `` Or can we take this mouse to the fair third party to verify whether this mouse really works well ? '' He also rejected . I said `` What a shame on you and Logitech . You totally do not want to take any responsibility for your tests . `` I really regret to believe the overstatements about the `` laser '' mouse described in their web site . Since I do n't want to waste my life to quarrel with the Logitech employees all day long , I sell this mouse to my friend at only half price . -- Today -LRB- May 12 -RRB- , my friend returned that mouse to me and said he can not tolerate this severely jumpy mouse cursor problem even the price is only half . I decide to return that mouse to the Logitech Company again . I hope they can return my money or exchange that flaw mouse for a flawless one . Otherwise , I will consider resorting to the legal action to resolve this problem . -- May 28 . After I told the customer department of the Logitech Company that I have found the attorneys and journalists to resolve this problem , they immediately replaced my flaw mouse by a new one . Finally , the jumpy cursor problem is solved , but what a really painful replacement process.In conclusion , the quality control of the Logitech is very poor at least according to my experience . Customers have a high risk to buy a problematic MX1000 mouse . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Can you say `` Rip Off ? '' Just because Logitech made an optical mouse cordless does n't mean it has the right to jack the price up almost 3.5 times more then the usual . Plus the Charging it must take should decrease the value some . You 're better off just paying the $ 14 for that blue & silver optical mouse with block scroller and window switching butten below mouse buttons . Logitech is just a bunch of rip-offs .
 This is definitly not the mouse you want if you intend to use it with a laptop because you 'll have to carry the clunky base station with you AT ALL TIMES . I had thought the mouse would be bluetooth but I found out the hard way that it is not . It is a great mouse for its brief period of usage but those of us with bluetooth ... at least me anyway ... do n't want all the extra assessories.First no on/off switch for the 900mx . Now the newer mouse does n't have bluetooth.Call me critical but I am extremely dissappointed with Logitech 's shortcomings and now they 're no longer my favorite mouse company .
 I 've had this mouse for three months or so , and am greatly disappointed . I have spoken to Logitech Support , and received little help.The mouse worked well for a couple of months , with only minor tracking problems.The mouse tends to track erratically , as I 'm sure people have posted . Also , my mouse had the tendency to intermittantly scroll , without warning . After attempting every troubleshooting option the Logitech website offered -LRB- and some of my own -RRB- , I called their support by phone.When I contacted Logitech 's Support , I was informed that the Logitech Control Center software was not optimized for the latest Mac OS . Their answer was not to use the Logitech software , which makes the mouse useless for me . The software allows the mouse to track faster , customize the buttons , et cetera . These are features that are required when using a mouse with a CAD program . Without those features , the mouse is less than advertised.Essentially , Logitech never throughly tested their Mac drivers . The mouse is Mac compatible , but the software is n't compatible . For the price , the software is half -LRB- or more -RRB- of the lure .
 Those of you familiar with Logitech 's recent MX or G series mice will not be surprised by either the styling , feel or build . For those of you not used to these Logitech mice , be aware that they are quite large and substantial -LRB- solid , well-made -RRB- feeling in the hand . That being said , even those of you with small hands will find the mouse easy and comfortable to use.The multitude of buttons on this mouse are quite useful and conveniently placed -LRB- I have large hands , so reaching the buttons flanking the scroll wheel is not an issue -RRB- and the ability to scroll left to right using the wheel is also a bonus on this model -LRB- I also have a MX700 which doesnt have this ability -RRB- . However , in comparison to the MX700 with which I have had a wonderful time using -LRB- I still use one at work -RRB- , the MX1000 I have has problems with tracking and with losing a connection to the computer . My MX1000 has a problem where it automatically skips to the bottom of the screen , even though I havent even made a movement to cause it to do so . The unit will also spontaneously lose its connection to the computer and the reconnect button wo n't solve the problem . It will only reconnect when the USB connection is physically switched -LRB- unplugged and then replugged -RRB- . I know this is not a problem with my hardware , as it happens on multiple computers and never happens with my MX700 . I dont know if this is a problem with the hardware or software , but it is quite annoying and reduces my rating from what should be higher .
 i would never expect such a bad experience from logitech . this mouse failed on me just after a couple of weeks . i called about warranty on this and was told to expect a replacement . i was soon to be in for a surprise . i would call every two weeks and they would say it was on its way eventhough at one time i was told they had thousands in their warehouse . I called several times and because at times I could n't even get through to anyone . Basically their warranty is a joke eventhough they might state they have 3 or 5 years or whatever on some of their products . I recently bought two big ticket items from Logitech and now i regret it one being this mouse.i will never again deal with this company . they will tell you that they will email you a tracking number when they ship out to you which they never do . so after a month of waiting for my package , i called once again and they gave me a tracking number and said it was delivered by DHL and left on my doorstep which if true was unprofessional of DHL and i called them about that and they are another company I have no trust for now either . In my opinion , i think DHL and Logitech are running some sort of shipping scam and needs to be investigated so that Logitech does n't have to honor their warranty on their products . So the next point in my story , Logitech told me they would send me out another one after going through the details of the first experience and making sure the address was alright . I requested that this time , a signature confirmation was needed so if logitech REALLY did shipped out a package that it just would n't be left on my doorstep for anyone walking by to pick up . They of course told me they couldnt ' do that , i wonder why.I again asked for atracking number be emailed which Logitech says they always do anyways , so i can keep an eye out for the package and personally pick it up from DHL in person . Of course , no tracking number was ever given on either occasion.So , today , after three weeks of not receiving my second replacement , I was told that the second package was conveniently delivered once again by DHL at my doorstep . Of course , I never received this second package either . The whole Logitech warranty experience is so bad , you would n't understand completely without going through it but i will tell you about it . First , why is there no 1-800 number for such a big company . That 's because they do n't want you calling them . Try calling their local number in California and see how many times and how long it would take for you to talk to someone . Then after going through pushing different numbers through the automated message , you get phone line that breaks in and out and makes one want to just hang up . Personally , I feel this was done so purposely as to make some people just hang up . I am so sure Logitech ca n't afford decent phone lines . This second time of calling `` customer service '' I get this rude female that would put me on hold a couple of occasions without telling me why . A couple of times I hear a clicking sound and thought she already hung up on me not that I havent experienced disconnection on previous calls . This `` customer service '' female was yelling at me over the phone . I was like why are you yelling at me . She sounded like some snot nose kid who just dropped out of high school . That just sealed the cake for me with Logitech . They ca n't even hired quality customer service people . Bottom line , never would i ever expect such an experience from a such a well known company .
 I purchased this mouse with high expectations
 very nice mousehard to get used to . . feels heavy at first but few days later , it feels goodshould of made the color white so the heat of the mouse could of been lessvery nice service and fast shipping.I gave it a 1 star because first I didnt like itbut I want to give it a 5 star
 Generally a good project except the mouse had to be placed in the charger just right or it would not charge . Also , as with all Logitech products , the software is awful if you have installed more than one Logitech product . For some odd reason once you have installed Logitech software , all attempts to delete it or to install another Logitech product requires a full Windows reinstall .
 The Laser Mouse performed fairly well . However , I normally never turn my computer off , but just put it in a `` sleep '' mode . About 10 % of the time , when I `` woke up '' the computer the curser would lock up and not respond to the mouse . I would have to reboot my cpmputer and the mouse worked OK for a while , then it would lock up again . I contacted Logitech technicians on two occasions , but the problem was not resolved . I 'm now using my old mouse with no problem .
 Well , I was looking around Wal-Mart for a new CD player . They had a few Durabrands , but I was scared to buy one because of their lack of durability and quality in the past . They had a few Maganvoxs -LRB- spelling check ? -RRB- , but the look was n't too appealing . They had some Sonys , but they were kinda pricey , even though the money was worth it . So , on to Target -LRB- which had a bigger selection anyway -RRB- . They had GPX , but similar to Durabrand . They had the Virgin Pulse and I 've read poor reviews about it in the past.Okay , you 're sick of me talking about the selection ... alright alright alright already.Anyway , I found this . It had exactly what I was looking for , and the blue color catches attention . The price kinda turned me off , but I really did want it.I 'm glad I still bought this . The sound quality is excellent , and features not one , not two , but three bass setting . One is no bass excelerator , SXBS , and SXBS + . The headphones are a bit akward to use , but once you put them on , they sound great , and they become quite comfortable.It took me about 15 minutes to figure it out , but the manual was very clear , and then I got used to it , though the beginners may want to stay away if they ca n't read the manual.The battery life lasts much longer than my old player -LRB- RP2472 -RRB- . 72 hours will last you awhile!The durability is quite bad though . While in a backpack with little to medium pressure , the LCD was completely shattered to point that the player was useless and the broken LCD pieces would scratch the CD playing.Overall , skip this one . * - This is a very similar review as the SLSV570 , mainly because all of the 2004 models are not durable , however , I highly recommend you to check out the 2005 models , I 've owned the SLCT582V for almost 4 months now , and it is VERY durable . Just see the amazon.com avaliable date and if it has a date in 2004 , skip it .
 I purchased two of these as Christmas gifts for my children . The plastic close clasp is the worst
 The Lexmark printer pre-maturely warns about low ink -- very early after new cartridge install -- and then FREEZES up and WILL NOT PRINT -- even though ink is still a deep saturated black ! Manufactor has programmed the printer to automatically cease to function 1/2 way through the advertised number of pages per cartridge.Manufactur settings do not even allow you the option of continuing to print when you want to or changing the cartridge when appearance of ink actually requires it.As a consumer , I resent Lexmark 's scam to sell more ink cartridges -- way earlier than you actually need them . I will not buy another Lexmark product .
 Lot 's of bass , but the speakers cut out or crackle every once in a while , especially when watching a movie , or listening to music . Rear speaker wires are way too short . Not bad for the money , but they could be better .
 We purchased this system less than two years ago . It has seen light to moderate use . Several days ago , the speakers started intermittently cutting out . This afternoon , the subwoofer popped several times -- then caught fire ! Fortunately , my son was able to extinguish the flames before much damage was done . Beware !!!!!
 Great product for the price . Really liked the external volume control . Bass is serious . Found it difficult to keep under control . RCA speaker cables were too short for me . Think I 'm upgrading to the 5500 's .
 These speakers never worked properly with my Audigy 2 ZS Platinum sound card . The sound quality was not that great either . Various speakers worked at various times but never all together . Before I boxed it up and shipped it back , the right front speaker had n't worked in a week and a half.I ended up buying the Klipsch 2.1 pro media speakers that I had owned previously . They finally broke and I had used the Logitech Speakers to replace my old Klipsch 2.1 s after reading all the positive reviews on Amazon . The Klipsch speakers blow the Logitech speakers away . ` Nuff said .
 After seeing the rave reviews on a bunch of sites I was stoked to get these speakers to replace a 10 year old altec lansing 2.1 set . I 'm far from an audiophile and did n't have huge expectations but so far these speakers have been a big let-down . Now I knew going into this that there was no digital-in and that hooking up to anything but a computer would be a pain . I could deal with that . The real let-down is the crappy sound . Without a doubt , the old Altec 's are better . Yes , the high end is pretty damn good -LRB- though perhaps a bit bright -RRB- . But mids are desperately lacking and while other reviewers rave about the bass , the sound from the sub is downright annoying . Sure it 's loud , but it 's boomy and muddy as all get out , not to mention the fact that it drowns everything else completely out even when turned to the lowest level . Yes I know you can adjust it further with a higher-end sound card -LRB- I have one -RRB- but come on , Logitech . Perhaps this set-up is great for gaming , but if you 're looking for a set of speakers mostly to enjoy your tunes , look elsewhere .
 ... Of course , by the price I 've payed for this item I could not expect to have a Bose quallity sound , but , it has a main problem which is you can not turn down the bass volume till wherever you want , so it is always a `` Bass Concert '' what you hear ; without the posibility , if you want it so , to turn out the bass , or as I wished , to put it 's level exactly where I wanted . You could turn it down just till certain point , but even so , the subwoofer sounds over the rest of the speakers . And the rest of the speakers have not a very beautiful sound with an unavoidable excesive middle range frecuence . And what they say about 280 watt , I 'd say that they are 270 for the sub and 10 for the rest of the speakers which cords are too short for a home theater .
 These speakers sound great . If you are buying them for your PC and have a 5.1 soundcard , they are an amazing deal for the money.However , if you bought them for the reason I did , stay clear . I bought these speakers to be used with my DVD player / game consoles to get 5.1 surround for fairly cheap . However , aside from hooking them up to a PC , this is really not realistically possible . No Dolby Digital or DTS decoding , which means in a lot of cases , namely with an Xbox , you ca n't get true 5.1 sound , just their `` matrix '' 5.1 which is basically stereo sound that is supposed to sound like 5.1 but in reality doesnt at all . I have them hooked up to my DVD player right now , and basically all they do is provide clearer and louder stereo sound than my built in TV speakers do.The cords on the rear speakers are a tad short , but this is easy to fix at radio shack and you wont end up spending any more than $ 15 on wires / couplers to extend them.The bass is uncontrollably loud at all times , even when it is turned down to its lowest setting . We turn the bass all the way down , and it can still be heard very loudly in the next room over.Don ' t get me wrong , these speakers sound amazing . If you are buying them for your PC , go for it , they offer a lot of bang for your buck , and aside from the uncontrollable bass , they produce solid sound . If you are buying these for a home theater setting or for use with Xbox or PS2 , I would recommend looking into a different set.EDIT
 These crapped out on me after a few months . the left front speaker crackled a lot .
 In general the product worked ok ... but the image quality would be a C - at best . Very soft focus , bad jaggies , and does not improve through `` user '' adjustments .
 Over the past few years Panasonic has been selling DVD players with motors that burn out after about 1 year . My player was an S35 and it lasted nine months . Panasonic has done nothing to address this situation . If you really want the Panasonic , scour the Web before you buy to make sure that there are n't a lot of complaints out there . Then cross you fingers .
 What idiot software engineer thought it 'd be a good idea to show a change angle icon when secondary audio is available . This POS makes most DVD completely unwatchable with their stupid camera icon in the middle of the screen . Oh and as an added benefit YOU CA N'T TURN THE ICON OFF . Idiots , just idiots . Why they pay people for this garbage is ridiculous . Save yourself the pain and buy from some other company . Panasonic DVD players suck .
 I purchased the Panasonic DVD-F87 player in part because the literature said is played MP3 files . Unfortunately , the player inserted an audible blip between many of the MP3 songs , so I returned it and got the Panasonic S47 model . It had the same problem . MP3 discs that played fine on several computer drives , a Sony DVD player and a Phillips portable CD player would hiccup between songs on the Panasonic . Panasonic denied they had a problem , but one of their repair facilities told me that Panasonic 's MP3 reader has a bug in their software and Panasonic has not provided a fix -LRB- as of September 2004 -RRB- . So , if MP3 playback is important to you , steer away from Panasonic players .
 I hate to say this , because I was happy with my player until tonight , but my player died tonight with the dreaded H07 error . It 's just under 2 years old , and now it 's trash ! &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62;
 I had a sony cd player did mps as well as audio cd . loved it , used it , broke it . The Jwin Jxcd933 which is more expensive than the sony ca n't hold a candle to it . The thing skips when I walk and wo n't hold my place if I have to turn the thing off . The only good thing about it is the large function window which is easy to read .
 After doing extensive research before making this purchase , we have been satisfied with the picture quality . The focus and colors are sharp . However , the flash malfunctioned after less than 6 months.As far as ease of use , overall it is not bad , but subjects are difficult to line up in the viewfinder.Compared to others on the market , it is loaded with features -LRB- as long as it works -RRB- . We wo n't be buying another Fuji again in the near future.A final warning to those considering the APS format - film and processing costs are considerably higher per roll vs. 35mm .
 This will be my first and last APS camera . The quality of pictures is terrible compared with even a cheap 35 mm camera . The picture quality reminded me of the old Compact Disc cameras of the 80 's . The main reason I bought this camera was to take panoramic pictures easily with the regular 4x6 size , but I have already sent this camera back for a refund . Instead , I decided to use my old 35mm zoom camera for the 4x6 's and buy a disposable APS for the panoramics , because the picture quality is the same . Also , the quartz date did n't work on the front . The only thing good I can say about this camera was the small size .
 If I had had the chance to use this camera for a day or two before I bought it , it would n't have been `` bought '' . It really is just for snapshots of birthday parties and wading pools . Black and White photos were a disappointment -- the color was all off . Enlargements were not sharp and landscapes or distance photos were ill defined . I would n't buy it again -- which means that I will be buying something else soon , so it was a waste of money .
 Tried for 3 days on my 3 computers :1 . Vista Home
 I bought this camera as a rush purchase to go on a weeked trip . Due the fact that my Kodak T550 was left at home . I know Aps cameras my not produce the greastest images blown up but I like them . I used my head and while I was there I took a test roll and got them developed at a local store in an hour . I was already uneasy with the half-way decent quality of the pictures then and by the time I went through 7 rolls of film I was really on edge . I got back home and over 60 % of my pictures came out dull , underexposed , and just awful . So I took my negative to an additional two other film proccessors and some of my pictures came out better but not by much . I 've only been taking pictures for 5 years and I do n't claim to know it all , but I really have come to dislike this camera . The only ` strenghs ' to the camera are its looks and the LCD glow-type button function . While it was n't acting like a camera with astigmatism -LRB- which I have -RRB- the pictures came out great .
 These speakers sound pretty good , but the bass is obnoxious and overpowering . You can adjust the bass level on the subwoofer , but you have to turn it all the way down to eliminate the distorted thumping and then it just sound muffled . If you like listening to music the way it was meant to sound do n't buy these speakers .
 I found these speakers to be thin and at times shrill on the high end and heavy on the bass , with the middle range almost entirely missing on certain types of music . If you listen to just rock , then they 're fine , but if you like a broader range of music , these speakers will disapoint . I learned my lesson about buying speakers online -- i 'm going to return these and purchase at a store where i can listen and compare before I make a decision .
 This set sounds good , but it 's not put together very well . The wire casing going into one of the speakers is not connected to the speaker which results in a few exposed wires . I have a feeling that this will get worse after time and eventually the wires will get pulled loose , especially because I have them hooked up to a laptop . Go with a comparable pair from Altec Lansing instead . I have an older -LRB- more than 7 years -RRB- set of speakers -LRB- with subwoofer -RRB- from Altec with which I 'm extremely happy .
 Too much bass , even though this kit contains a setting for the sub , it appears the only settings are , `` too much '' all the way to `` way too much '' . If you actually like to listen to music , keep moving , these are n't the speakers for you.The two small speakers actually do a not bad job of putting out music , shame about the sub and the subsonics emphasis .
 I got these speakers because my old HP ones were petered out after 5 years so I thought I would use a gift certificate I got for Amazon . I did not get a used pair , I bought what I thought was brand-new . I even had a friend say that Logitech was a good maker for speakers so that 's what motivated me to get these.I just hooked them up and the right speaker has absolutely NO SOUND ! Im so pissed because I have NEVER gotten anything on Amazon before and got a crappy product . I loathe the idea of spending shipping on return items ... what a waste . i better get my money back.Oh and the Bass is WAY too much !!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!
 For it 's price the sound may be descent , but if you want to use headphones for private listening , be advised you are in for a surprise . Turns out , when you plug in the headphones the only sound you get is what comes through your soundcard , and you can not adjust the volume with the volume control on the speakers . Further , you can only control the volume using your operating systems volume control . So , if your sound card only gives a low volume sound even with it 's volume control turned up full that is all the sound you will get , making these speakers useless and a waste of money . I mean , since all I get when I use headphones is the low volume that comes straight from the soundcard , why do I need these speakers ? I could have just plugged my headphones straight into my soundcard and saved my money . Kind of interesting that for a company called `` Logitech '' , they did n't put much `` logic '' into this headphone design .
 There is no tel number or e-mail adress where I can contact you so in a month you finally wrote me.Now please tell me how are we going to solve this problem.I 'm really dissapointed ...
 Although I considered the dual driver and subwoofer speakers , independently speaking , very good , particularly so for the price . unfortunately , I ca n't say the same for the set as a whole . I thought the tonal balance between the two to be quite poor . A little bit more mid-range sound might have helped , but the subwoofer produces FAR too much `` bassy '' bass . I tried turning the volume on the subwoofer all the way down , separating it from the dual drivers as much as the speaker cables allowed , even rotating the subwoofer away from the normal frontal direction , I still considered the problem rather pronounced . It 's too bad , as I expected much better . Particularly so , after reading the -LRB- in general -RRB- great reviews that it got .
 I did not have high expectations for these speakers , but I thought they would deliver decent sound for the money . I should have read the negative reviews ! On the plus side , the speakers sound okay in the mid-upper range -LRB- though mid is a little lacking -RRB- . Also , distortion is not an issue at reasonable volumes.But the bass is ridiculous . It 's muddy , and what it lacks in clarity it makes up in volume . Way too much volume . Even at the lowest setting , the bass dominates the music . I 've managed to corral it for the most part using an equalizer , but then I have to switch presets every time I listen to music with headphones.I do n't hate bass . I have a Hsu VTF-2 subwoofer for my home theater and it rocks the house . But it also knows its place . The sub on the Logitech does n't . I would give this product one star if it was n't so easy to use an equalizer . The sound out of the box is simply unacceptable .
 I should 've realized when I first looked at them , but I did n't see it . Take a look at the picture there , do you see the problem with these speakers ? Like I said , neither did I , not until after I bought them . The problem
 I normally like the quality of Logitech products , but was disappointed when these speakers arrived defective . The `` tube '' inside the woofer unit had fallen off and rattles around inside the enclosure . The enclosure is glued shut , so I ca n't open it to fix the problem . I did n't need to use these speakers until nearly two months after I received them , and just opened the box today . It 's too late to return them.For the price paid , the speakers would sound good if the woofer did n't have the rattle from the loose part .
 I got an exceptionally good deal on this set , including free shipping ! Unfortunately , I had to ` pay ' for this near-present by having one of the satellite speakers work only sporadically - it always needed a gentle tapping and then worked for 5 minutes before giving up again . In addition , the sound of this same satellite was slightly distorted at times , which I am not sure had to do with the faulty functioning of this particular speaker in general . So , overall , it was a very frustrating experience to have brand new , sharp-looking speakers - but already broken.After two weeks I got tired of having to ` encourage ' the speaker to cooperate and returned the set . Since the special deal was gone by then , I could n't have it replaced , but -LRB- hopefully -RRB- will get my money back.Now I have to decide on a new set . Will I buy the Logitech x-230 again ? Overall , I liked the sound of these speakers , although the strong bass -LRB- which I like -RRB- seemed to obscure the mid-range -LRB- or rather , the mid-range seemed to be lacking -RRB- . The sound primarily consisted of bass and high-range . As I said , I do n't mind a strong , pounding bass -LRB- even though I am way over 30 ! -RRB- , but a bit more mid-range would make for a better sound.Previously , I had the Labtech Pulse 485 2.1 set which I had bought for a similar price -LRB- maybe a few dollars more -RRB- , and those speakers were better -LRB- unfortunately , I gave them away as a gift -RRB- . They too had a heavy bass -LRB- which is adjustable -RRB- , but provided more of a mid-range . The Labtech sounded noticeably better than the Logitech , even though the regular price of the Logitech is $ 10 or $ 15 higher -LRB- which , in this price range , is about 40-60 % more -RRB- . The disadvantage of the Labtech set is that the controls are on the back of the sub-woofer , which usually is under the desk and therefore difficult to reach . And even though you can control the sound from the computer desktop , it is easier to simply reach to the control knob at one of the satellite speakers , as is the case with the Logitech set.So , even without considering the defect on delivery -LRB- which I suppose was a big exception -RRB- , I would recommend the Labtech Pulse 485 set over the Logitech x-230 set . The former has the better sound -LRB- more mid-range -RRB- , whereas the latter has easier-to-reach controls . Also , the Labtech has way longer cables to the satellites , so you can put the speakers quite a bit further apart .
 Bought this after reading many reviews . Construction and design is good . Covers of the speakers -LRB- not of the bass speaker -RRB- are fragile , since they are made of thin cloth-like nylons . Also , expect to handle some cords from the speakers ; the speaker cables -LRB- including that from the bass speaker -RRB- and power cord are all connected , a bit cluttering . Sound
 My biggest problem with the Logitech x-230
 For the price these speakers are decent , but if you are at all particular about the music and sound you listen to , you may not be happy with these . I am constantly adjusting the EQ of the output for each song . The range of the bass is very small -- mainly just a boom -- not much variance in tone so it tends to overtake the song . I had a hunch that buying the logitech brand for anything else than a mouse would be a mistake , and I think that 's what I did . Spend a little more if you can .
 These speakers are noticeably inferior to my twenty dollar Sennheiser HD202 headphones in sound quality . Music sounds a tad tinny and muddy . Worst of all , the bass is overwhelming and the knob on the subwoofer seems to be useless . These speakers are so mediocre that I 've ceased using them in favor of my headphones . I 'm a bit puzzled by all the other positive reviews -- perhaps they 're authored by shills from Logitech ? I 'd recommend spending a bit more money on a quality speaker system .
 its a weird situation with these speakers . the speakers sound great , but the bass is non stop . sounds like a getto cruiser on the highway . it is somewhat clean , just too much . you can turn it down all the way , but it is still too much .
 In the end , I 'm fairly happy with these speakers . The problem is that they look and sound nice enough to trick you into thinking they are worth much more than you pay for them . The fact is , like many others , my set had the air tube broken loose inside the sub woofer enclosure . I tried pulling the tube back into place , but it was so loose I knew that it would fall out again with the vibration , this is a sub woofer after all ! So I spent a couple of hours trying to figure out the best way into the enclosure to get a better idea on how I would solve the problem . In the end , I pried off the speaker grill and unscrewed six screws , then the woofer lifted right out . I was shocked to see the shoddy glue job at both ends of the cardboard air tube . I used electrical tape to secure both ends . The front was real tricky because it 's very tight space and you 're reaching through a 6-inch round hole . I 've had the speakers for a year , but just finally took them out to set them up today , so I do n't know how long they will last . All I can do is hope . Another gripe I have is that one of the satellite speakers has a small tear in the -LRB- nylon ? -RRB- mesh covering the speakers . It looks minor , but I bought the speakers brand new , so it should n't have any tears . Plus it 's something I 'll have to watch out for , not to aggravate the tear . In my opinion , the problem with the air tube completely undermines the overall craftsmanship . Logitech makes nice stuff , but they must have outsourced the glue guy to some drunk schmuck with a bottle of Elmer 's and a Bic lighter . Real sad . Anyway , I gave 2 stars . I would have given 1 star if I was n't able to get into the box and tape up the air tube . I would have given it 5 stars had it not been for that problem in the first place . If you are slightly handy , by all means get these speakers , they will be a good value . But if you like your products to be perfect out of the box , do n't take your chances . Too many people have reported the same problems with the air tube . Good luck !
 piece of junk , dang things made in china and it shows it . Had mutliple scratches and the stand to one of the speakers was completely busted off . The sound quality is decent but nothing worth getting too excited over . Would recommend a diffrent brand or just spending the extra bucks and go with a better model .
 The buzz is keeping us from turning on the speakers . I have tried to remedy this problem by adjusting the knobs , but no improvement .
 I bought these because the price was great but I was disappointed . There is definitely too much bass and not much else . The sound is all highs and lows . Adjusting the graphic equalizer on the player -LRB- software -RRB- ca n't completely fix it . I bought the Creative T3000s to compare and they are noticeably better . I returned the Logitechs .
 I get no sound out of that speaker now .
 These are nice speakers , but the main unit stopped producing any sound after about 4 weeks . The other speaker and sub still respond well but 1 channel sound is very annoying.I 'd recommend something else .
 my new speakers sound much better than the old ones of course . I like to surf the web with music very early in the morning but with this system there is no way to cut off the sub-woofer-or at least to turn it down . rich SF
 The system is okay but needs more ram right out the box and a clean verison of windows installed . Two years now and I still have n't got all the adware and spyware off . Its good for your noncomputer people who are patient .
 I ordered this item to help me upload pictures from my phone to my computer . I chose this route as a last resort when I realized that I could not transfer my photos any other way . I was very disappointed to find out that this item should have a cd with it and that because it had no cd , I could do nothing with it . Fortunately , I did not spend much money on this item .
 This item is being sold at an unreasonable price and can be purchased at Wal-Mart for 77 $ I myself have choosen to buy mine at Wal-Mart over this
 well it was ok for its price . . and then it literally broke 2 weeks after the warranty on it ran out.the two rear channels out of the sub box stopped producing signal .
 After 1 year that I bought this sound system from here in Amazon , Suddenly the Sub-woofer lost total sound , all cables are connected same as before , not changes on the operating system , just went completely silence on me.What a bummer , I get only sound from the satellite speakers . not quite the same.grrrrrrrrr
 I purchased these speakers over a year ago , impressed with their price and with their advertised features . I had just purchased a 5.1 surround sound card , and was eager to have a set of complimentary speakers . Logitech being a good brand , I assumed that the speakers would reflect this value.However , I do NOT recommend purchasing them . I have several issues and complaints with them.For one , the speakers are not designed very well . The connecting cords are too short for many realistic setups , the cords are too stiff to bundle or manage easily , and the general setup is awkward and trying , forcing unnatural , unwanted speaker placement with lots of exposed , ugly cords.After using the speakers for about a month , the volume knob -LRB- found on the right front speaker -RRB- began to malfunction and ONLY control the front right speaker . The volume for the rest of the system was independant -LRB- and I could only set it using the computer 's volume controls -RRB- . This was very annoying , but I resolved it by simply setting the right speaker at an equivilant volume to the rest of the system , and then adjusting it with the pc 's controls.Then , 3 or 4 months into their usage , I began to get random , extremely loud bass disruptions . Whether I was using the speakers or not , if they were on , they would randomly BELCH and BELLOW an awful , load noise from the subwoofer . It was evident that a connection of some variety was loose , being poorly constructed and set up.The case is not easily taken apart on the subwoofer . I tried unscrewing the back plate , but there is no cord slack , and you can not remove it or the internals at all . I did n't force it , and simply closed it up.I found the only way to stop the bass belching was to slap , rather hard , the side of the sub.Eventually , I started getting bass `` pings '' that sounded like something randomly bouncing or striking the sub . These were not fixable , but they were sporadic.However , not too much time went by before the system was completely unusable.I 've now purchased the Logitech z 5500 series speakers , which cost entirely more , but will undoubtably be worth it . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002WPSBC/ref=dp_cp_ob_title_0While the x-530 's sound pretty good , they lack much control over individual speaker settings , tone , etc. . Their sound in no way makes up for the poor construction and design that went into them.I honestly recommend saving your money for a better set of speakers . While these are cheap , you absolutely get what you pay for -LRB- cheap speakers -RRB- , and you are wasting your -LSB- ... -RSB- $ . Better to save it and get something a step up .
 These speakers has a well known flaw and confirmed on Logitech support center which poping all time , and yes I have this issue , I 've tried too many speakers from logitech and other brands and never experienced similar issue like that , you do n't how annoying are they . I would n't get them if I knew about this issue.well , for sound quality I think its pretty cool with good base level but I do n't know why base controller are behind sub woofer , you know you may put them in under table or some way far away from you.Design of speakers looks great and they are easy to install on wall .
 Several of the negative posts here metion the fact that this company does not respond to email or phone calls . My order is not expected to arrive until March 11th but I had a few questions about the order . I called and emailed this company and there has been no response . I would advise that you not respond to complaints by telling people to give you a chance to rectify a problem before posting something negative and then show a pattern of not responding to emails or phone calls .
 The product description for these speakers is misleading . They do not plug directly into a DVD player or game console . Then , after buying the adapters and doing the initial setup , three of the five speakers did not work . Perhaps these speakers are a good solution for PCs , but that 's not why we bought them , and we immediately sent them back .
 The item itself appears to be a beefy , well designed mount . My problem is , after 11 years of ordering , with Amazon . This item had the wrong parts shipped with it , was partially opened , and scratched ! It pretty much looked like I had received someone else 's returned item . I would give Amazon one star but gave two stars for the ease of returning.Update
 The product is fine , Amazon 's misleading description is n't . This product will not work with a VESA 200 x 200 flat panel even though the product description says
 They are not bad.But 2 x Telephoto lens has center axial strain . Reduce the forcus some times .
 Cheap lenses cause quite a bit of distortion . If you 're not real picky , will do the job at a budget price . If you want quality , you 'd be better off buying something else .
 I can not deny that you get an amazing amount of things for a very low price , which should have told me something . Many reviewers said that with the wide angle , because of seeing the side of the lense through your camera , you had to zoom in to the point where you could no longer see the sides , but you were then narrower than if you did not have the lense on . This is true.The little tripod is nifty though . I do not use either of the lenses .
 I am using these lenses with a Canon HF11 . I do n't find them very good . The camera seems to have trouble focusing through them . I do n't recommend this as an option .
 I bought this for my wife who used it sparingly over 2 years . She probably replaced the battery 4 times . It worked well while it worked . Then one day it froze up in the middle of a song . No matter what is done to it , it wo n't get past the start up screen . Go to the SanDisk Sansa Forums at http://forums.sandisk.com/sansa/ and you will read about many others who have experienced this fatal error .
 Please do n't buy this . Here is why :1 . It takes one triple A battery , which I do n't like . If it dies , and you do n't have a battery around the house , you 're out of luck . Compared to and iPod , which can be plugged into an outlet , this is big inconvenience .2 . The FM tuner sucks . I should have n't to read the instructions in order to figure how to get to a station I want to listen to . It 's difficult to explain , but it 's not easy to use . This was the only reason I bought this was for the FM tuner so I could listen to the TV at the gym . I have since learned they make an adapter for the iPod which allows you to listen the FM tuner .3 . The headphones are joke . They are worst than the headphones they give you for free on an airplane on a international fight . They are useless .4 . Moreover , it just seems cheaply made . I feel it is going to break any week.Final advice
 SanDisk Sansa c250 - Digital player / radio - flash 2 GB - WMA , MP3 - pinkI bought a new charger cord , thinking it could n't possibly be the device that was dead already . I had such great luck with the m240 , which was actually what I ordered again . I thought I had gotten a nice surprise in the upgrade when the seller was out of the m240 . Instead , I got a piece of garbage that certainly was n't worth the money . I will not be buying a SanDisk again . It seems that the technology is inferior now that the manufacturer is more focused on graphics than a product that actually plays music . : -LRB-
 I agree that the player looks and sounds nice , but it fails on the reliability factor . I 've had this player in for servicing three times in less than a year . After about 3 months of play all my CDs began skipping . I get it fixed and a few months later , all my CDs are skipping again . The player is very UNRELIABLE . I was warned that lot 's of moving parts = more chances of player failure . This is definitely the case here . The CD changer involves many mechanical moving parts . I should have listened to the warnings . This is a player to definitely AVOID ! Unless of course you enjoy spending alot of time at the repair shops .
 Another case of `` cross your fingers and box it up '' from the manufacturer.This system has a weak microcontroller on the main system board . There are a whole host of failures which are traceable to this one part
 I have had the unit for a number of years -LRB- 8 -RRB- , using mostly the radio in my bedroom . The cd unit , which I used a total of 12 times , total lunched itself . For what it would cost to repair , buy a SONY and know you have a better product ... I am through with Panasonic CD units ... SONY pioneered them , so buy SONY ... and my big SONY CD changer is 15 years old and held up way better !
 I bought this unit a little over a year ago , and 1 month out of warranty , I started to have a problem with the CD playback skipping , just little bits at a time . It sounds a bit like a squeak and a dropped word or phrase during playback , and it happens pretty frequently -LRB- at least a couple of times a minute -RRB- . It gets extrememly annoying if you care to listen to the music in any way.I took it in to be repaired , because I had loved this unit 's performance up until this problem.The repair shop replaced the laser a couple of times , and they also cleaned it out thoroughly . When that did n't work , upon Panasonic 's recommendation , they replaced the entire CD playing unit . Still not fixed . Upon hearing this , the repair shop told me that Panasonic had admitted having lots of problems with this unit and similar ones , which were somtimes repairable and sometimes not.It seems a case where the manufacturer knows that the unit is problematic but does n't want to stand too tall behind the workmanship.Caveat emptor , indeed .
 And this was not due to rough handling or anything - it was just sitting on the shelf it had been on all along , playing music at a holiday party I was having only several months after I purchased it and the sound just stopped . I tried several times to get it going again and it would always stop playing -LRB- even though the CD was still running -RRB- after a couple of minutes . When I can get it to play , it skips alot . Yes , it had great sound when it worked for such a little player , but what 's the point when it so rarely plays ? I would recommend making another selection .
 I really ca n't review this item based on it 's sound as it arrived broken . It appears the CD changer is jammed , and none of the other functions will respond . Very , very dissappointing , as it was a gift , and now it 's too late to return it to Amazon , so we 're stuck with it and now have to PAY again for shipping to have it repaired . Garbage ! Do n't buy from Panasonic !
 This cable is only good for 480p and lower equipment . Totally unacceptable for 1080p even at 6 ft lengths . Returned to Amazon . Have n't gotten credit yet .
 I used this on my Directv HD box to high end panasonic plasma and compared HDTV programing between this cable and component cables that came free with the HD Box . I actually like the free compoent cables better .
 This cord did not work . The audio was a loud screeching sound . Had to buy the pricier version from a local store .
 What Amazon sent was Impact Acoutstics black HDMI cables . I 'm working on the return now . The only thing that 's the same is the model number . I ca n't even find what they shipped on Amazon 's web site .
 Product worked great for a 1 year duration , did everything a cable is supposed to do.Low grade plating however will corrode after some time in a variable humidity environment - anywhere below 10k feet.The end result of the cable corrosion?Luckily the only thing that occured was the HDMI port on the television was burnt.It would have been a costly error if there were only one HDMI port on the unit but luckily the Vizio upper end versions have two.I tried to post a picture of the corroded cable but the file was too large.The Belkin cable which had been used for 18 months total from my first HDMI port was totally clean as where all of the devices attached.Subsequently I purchased a belkin spliter and two more HDMI cables.p.s . All devices are on an APC surge protector .
 Discovered that this cable was probably not designed for use with higher end setups . The TV and Blu-ray player I bought should be paired with a higher -LRB- and yes considerably more expensive -RRB- cable . Sports and action flicks need a faster speed cable .
 Head of cable pulled right out of the housing the first time I turned my TV sideways . Unbelievable !! DO NOT BUY THIS CHEAPLY MADE PRODUCT . You will just be replacing it , as I am in the first week . UNBELIEVABLE !! KRAP
 these cables are cheap , might as well go elsewhere and buy them from monoprice for $ 3
 these cables are awful , do not buy them . I have a sony upscaling dvd play and a philip 37 in lcd tv . When i use the dvd player in the hdmi input , there is a lime green line that will not go away on the far right side of the tv . not only that , today there was a pink tint to the picture . i tried different dvds and setting on the tv but nothing changed it . I know it was the hdmi cable becuase i plugged it in regular and the picture worked fine .
 I bought this cable to connect 50 '' Plasma TV to computer . When we connected the cable with TV we could not get it to display computer screen . We spent 2 hours with Plasma manufacturer on telephone troubleshooting the connection . At the end , at our dissapointment , we found out that the cable was defective . When we tried different cable everything worked .
 i have received this a few days ago and regret purchasing it i connected it from my xbox 360 to my lcd and for some reason the picture does not fit the screen at first i thought it was a problem with the xbox but after a few hours of trying to make it work with my ps3 as well i just gave up and now the cable is in the closet collecting dust ... . WOULD NOT RECOMMEND AND WILL NOT BUY FROM AGAIN THANK YOU FOR NOTHING ...
 The connections fit too loose on both ends . Quit working when I had to move the set . I emailed the seller and they have ignored me . -LRB- of course -RRB- . Then I went to Radio Shack and spent $ 49 . I was pissed . I 'm OK now . I also found HDMI cables locally for as low as $ 20 . Be careful where you go , some charge as much as a $ 100 . They seem to be an expensive adder when buying a new HDTV .
 It worked for 7 months that 's it . Not happy but like always you get what you pay for .
 The bottom line is the cable did not work . I have purchased several HDMI cables from a mulititude of companies over the years , but sometimes you get what you pay for . I am not advocating paying $ 100 for cables but I got burned trying to go el cheapo on this wire and I would advise you to stay away from it . A tried another HDMI cable and presto it worked ! Go figure . Maybe these wires will work for you but I would pay up to get something more more reliable .
 I wanted a shorter cable than the $ 10 RCA 3m cable thrown in with my TV purchase . The `` Cables To Go '' 40315 2 meter cable is thin and much lighter than the RCA cable . Initially I liked the 40315 cable as I have an articulating mount , and it moved more freely while positioning the TV than the RCA cable which tended to get hung up because it was thicker and heavier . Problem now with 40315 cable is that if I move the TV while the TV is on , the HDMI connection between the cable box and the TV gets cut off . Somewhere within the 40315 cable it shorts or disconnects.Leads me to think that this is a cheaply constructed cable . Being skinny like it is may mean it comes from cheap material , and if this company skimps on materials it may also skimp on insuring quality construction .
 I connected these to my blu ray player -LRB- bd-p1400 -RRB- . The video had a lot of noise . I went to wal-mart and bought a $ 40 HDMI cable and they have a much better video quality.I will kept these cables as a backup .
 I purchased 2 of these cables to connect my cable box and PS3 to a new LCD TV . I could only connect 1 of these to the HDMI socket on my TV . When I tried to connect the other , it simply would not go into the socket . I tried in all 4 HDMI sockets , both ends and no go . The cable did connect with no issues to the cable box HDMI socket , not sure why it would not connect to the TV HDMI socket . I then went to Best Buy and picked up one of their store brand cables and it went into the socket with no issues .
 I had this cable for a week before it stopped working completely . I 've even tried changing it around on several different components - so I KNOW it 's the cable . There have been a few reviews here saying the same thing . Use your judgment .
 This is the first thing I have bought from amazon that I have had to return . I have bought HDMI cables from Amazon before I am still using them and am quite satisfied . They no longer carried the other cables so I purchased these . They are very poor quality and did n't work well when I hooked them up . I would n't recommend them .
 I ordered 4 of these HMDI cables for my new entertainment center and have been using them for about 7 months now . Recently , when playing DVDs , the picture would go black for a few seconds and sometimes the DVD player would display an error saying the device it 's connected to is n't HDMI compatible . -LRB- Obviously , I had n't changed anything . -RRB- Some technical discussion forums pointed to the HDMI cable as potential root cause.So I bought a more expensive cable -LRB- Belkin -RRB- and replaced the one between DVD player and receiver . The error went away . Now I 'm of course worried that the remaining 3 cables may also fail at some point . In future I may spend more on cables to avoid issues like this .
 I bought these cables off Amazon after reading reviews that HDMI cables are all the same . BS ! These were the only cables connected to my TV -LRB- Dish and DVD -RRB- and occasionally the picture would become cartoony and sparkly . All this time I thought the problem was my TV and wished I had my old tube tv back . I eventually called the manufacturer to complain about the quality of their tv 's -LRB- cuz who wants to spend over a grand for crap -RRB- and the customer service rep asked what type of cables I was using , HDMI cables duh . He said I may want to replace them to try and correct the problem . I bought a $ 30 cable from Walmart -LRB- Philips brand -RRB- , low and behold , fixed . I have to buy another for the dvd player . No matter what some of these so called experts say , there is a difference in quality of cables . Not suggesting paying $ 100 for some , but these cheap ones are just that , cheap .
 If you have n't tried using a Monster HDMI , then you do n't know what you 're missing out on by buying these cheap cables . Monster is not the most expensive -LRB- there are $ 1000 3-ft HDMIs out there -RRB- . They 're the best . How do I know ? I used middle of the road HDMI and cheap ones like these . Then I got fed up with color bleeding , improper saturation , aliasing and pixelation.Cheap-o cables cause cheap-o performance , so gauge carefully the quality of video you want to get ; did you buy a cheap TV -LRB- Polaroid , Magnavox , Vizio , etc -RRB- ? If you did , you wo n't see the benefit of high-quality cabling . Just like how people ca n't hear the difference in HD-audio -LRB- like DTS-Master Audio on all FOX BD-movies -RRB- because their home-theater-in-a-box was a grand total of $ 500 . I switched to all-Monster from these types of low-quality cables and got a GIGANTIC performance increase . As I mentioned , no pixelation , color bleeding , aliasing , anything . Mosquito noise vanished and I got uncompromising picture quality.Summary
 I purchased the cable as suggested by Amazon as other items to buy along with the purchase of my HDTV . Upon installation I found that the cable was unnecessary for the average TV installation . I did return the cable for a partial refund . This was a bad purchase for a dollar loss .
 We ordered this item to go with our new Bravia , Blu-ray disc player and previously owned stuff . Not being sure we needed a cable and finding no advice on Amazon it turned out we did n't need it .
 I would probably be able to give this product a real review , if I had received the Receiver I ordered to go with it . It 's been about a month since I placed the order .
 I used these cables for more than a couple of months , and they seemed to work well . I 've read that a digital signal either gets there , or it does not . I purchased 3 of these `` cables to go . `` Well , every once in a while , I would have the video blink out and then quickly blink back on in a DVD movie . I was not able to reproduce the error , as it was completely random , and never in the same place of the movie . Normally , it was once per movie or every other movie . I thought maybe it was my player malfunctioning.With component and composite cables , I would check to make sure they were tight , so why not with HDMI . I just ever so slightly wiggled the HDMI connection right where it attached to my Sony HDTV.What do you know , the video blinked out and quickly back on from the slight wiggling , just like I experienced in the movies . Ok I thought , maybe it was my HDMI port on my Sony?So , I tried the wiggle test on another port , AND on ANOTHER HDTV , and using ALL 3 of these cables I purchased on both my Sony and my Panasonic HDTV 's . Guess what ? The video blinked off and on again with the wiggle test , no matter where it was connected . An extremely loose connection to be sure . It was n't just 1 of these cables , but all 3 I had.I replaced all my `` cables to go '' cables with a different brand , and they all withstand the `` wiggle test . '' Approximately 1 month and 12 or so movies later , no more random video drop outs.Conclusion : Even on 2 different HDTV 's and different HDMI ports , these 3 different `` cables to go '' cables had an extremely loose connection.Apparently an HDMI signal that does n't fit tightly can lose connection and cause dropouts.Don ' t buy these `` cables to go . '' The actual cable might be fine , but the HDMI male connectors are not so good .
 I know I am probably the only person with a bad experience with this cable , but the fact that it intermitently failed to conduct the signal from my cable box to my 46 '' Sony XBR Bravia LCD for about 2 months made it hard to diagnose . I was sure that the cable company was to blame until it finally crapped out altogether . Then , just by switching cables from my DVD -LRB- Phoenix -RRB- my signal was fixed and worked perfectly for the last month . So I had a $ 3K TV that i was not happy with for 2 months because of a problem with a $ 20 cable . My advice is to buy the best cable and save money elsewhere .
 Using a digital HDMI cable is more than just 1 's and 0 's . If you go to the manufacturer 's -LRB- acoustic impact -RRB- website , you will find this cable does not support 10-bit color , nor does it support 120hz on the new LCD 's . Accustic Impact 's only HDMI line that supports these features is their `` SONICWAVE -LRB- tm -RRB- '' line . If you are buying an HDTV that has 120hz or 10-bit color , it behooves you to buy a cable that will allow you to utilize those features.If you are using a Blu-Ray player or HD-DVD , dont bother with this cable , you are not going to get the full benefits of these players.You can view this info with these links from their website : http://www.impactacoustics.com/product.asp?cat%5fid=3004&sku;=40280http://www.impactacoustics.com/pdf_files/Understanding%20HDMI%201.3.pdf ?
 I could n't get a good signal running one of these cables directly from my DVR to my TV , let alone using a pair of them to run the signal through my receiver . Do n't recommend them . I ended up buying some 24awg cables by Monoprice , which were almost twice as much money , but still affordable and most importantly worked great .
 I purchased this cable with a Blu-ray player and 46 '' LCD . It worked badly , half way through a movie , the signal would give out , come back for a little while and then give out again -LRB- this happened a couple of times -RRB- . For a while I thought it was a player or LCD problem -LRB- or something I had mis-set -RRB- , but after trying everything I exchanged this HDMI cable out and the problem never came back . Not worth the money -LRB- even at this cheap price -RRB- .
 Mine did n't work . I see a lot reviews saying theirs did -LRB- which is why I bought this -RRB- , but mine had a bad connector on one end which made the signal cut in and out . Just mentioning it , because I 'll be spending a few extra bucks for a brand name next time , and maybe you 'll want to also , just to avoid the hassle of a cable that might show up broken like mine did.-m
 I read all the positive reviews before purchasing this cheap HDMI cable . I hooked up my brand new HD TiVo to our new 32 '' HD TV . Both the video and audio were glitchy -LRB- noise in both -RRB- with displaying 720p or 1080i -LRB- 480p was fine , but who cares -RRB- . I replaced it with a friends more expensive cable and everything worked perfectly . I will not be buying a Monster cable or anything , but these cables are just to low quality to use .
 Ordered two of the cables . Tried to use one and had no audio over it . Did not open second one . Sent both back for a refund .
 I ordered this product without really knowing HDMI cables . It tooks me 2 weeks to get them while the LCD arrived in 4 days . So I went to Sam 's Club and bought 2 HDMI cables which were a little more expensive . These HDMI cables seems like they are much better cables and I had them when I needed them .
 I purchased this HDMI cable at a ridiculously low price -LRB- I now know why -RRB- . I tried it on a new Verizon FIOS HD receiver instead of using the included cable that came with it , and this cable would give me a picture on a new HD TV -LRB- LG brand -RRB- but the screen would go totally green after 20 seconds . I restarted several times , tried different settings , but the green screen came back.Installed the HDMI cable that came with the FIOS , and no issues ... so I must assume the cable is faulty or of poor quality.Sometimes , cheap is just that .
 These cables did not work between my DVR and my brand new Samsung 1080p HDTV . My HDTV reported `` Mode not supported '' which , according to the tv manual , suggests this hdmi cable is NOT CAPABLE of high bandwidth video/audio transmission . A real waste of money . I 'll never buy another connector cable from Amazon or one made by Cables To Go .
 mine was n't reliable . I had it connecting my DVR and my new HDTV . I replaced the DVR and still had the problem . It would drop the signal and I 'd have to power cycle the TV to get the picture to come back . When I switched to component cables , the problem did n't reoccur .
 This cable does not work with my new Samsung LN46A650 , all I got was BLANK signal . The TV setup guide clearly says the HDMI cable must be version 1.3 or higher . Went to a local elctronic store and bought a $ 99 Monster cable and finally get my system to work ! Lesson learned
 Unfortunately I ca n't agree with the other reviews here . I bought two of these . The first one worked for 20 minutes , then caused HDMI handshake problems -- the tv kept trying to sync with my DVR . The second cable fixed that , but then I found that neither cable supported 1080p . Swapped the cables out for another brand and voila , 1080p works .
 I bought two of these . One works great , the other failed out of the box . After trying to figure out why my audio/video receiver was n't sending a picture to my LCD TV , I checked the cable with an ohm meter - there 's a break in the cable somewhere.You 'll read some reviews that 'll say `` it 's just pushing 1 's and 0 's '' , that 's true . You have to ask yourself why the electrical cable to your clothes dryer is so much different than the one to your clock radio - `` it 's just pushing electricity '' : - -RRB- Buy these if you want , just remember , there 's a risk associated with the savings .
 Obviously , I 'm not the only person having problems with these cables , but to simply put it they do not work , -LRB- well at least not on a playstation 3 hooked up to a 47 inch hdtv -RRB- . These are the first cables I bought to go to my 47 inch t.v and my playstation 3 . They worked for about 2 weeks . After the first week they started to show a green light at the right side of my t.v. I did n't know whether it was the playstation or the cables at first . Than one day the cables just went out and I di n't have a picture at all . So than I went and bought some RCA cables and they work perfectly fine . When I tried plugging it up to my rca upscaling dvd it still would n't work !! I want ever buy cheap cables again .
 I have two cables now , this one and another wider gauge cable with those hard plastic cylinders at the ends -LRB- I 'll spare everyone the tech talk -RRB- . This thin , flimsy Cables-to-Go product gives me a thin , flimsy picture . The other , more substantial cable give me a far richer , deeper picture . I have two HDTV 's and two HDMI players ; I tried both cables on both sets of equipment and the result was the same .
 Picture quality is very poor . Colors washed out . I replaced the cable with an older cable I had and the picture was perfect . I did n't bother to return it because of the shipping cost . I put it in the garbage.Avoid this brand.H . Selim
 The HDMI cable I received unfortunately was defective but the Amazon return process was painless . easy and free . No complaints from me .
 I used this cable to connect my DVR to my HDTV . This cable worked fine for 2 weeks after which I lost audio .
 Stay away from this product . I saw many positive feedbacks on this and ordered one for my new sony 40 '' LCD TV . It worked fine for just two weeks and then stopped working
 I have to cycle my DVR every day when using this cable . Otherwise the signal will NOT reach the TV . With better cable that is never a problem.Here , with a Samsung TV and Verizon Fios box , this cable DOES NOT work.Nelson
 Got this and did not use for 2 months . When my system came I connected it to my dvd and the cable did not work unless you held it to the connection on the dvd . Went out and bought another brand at Best Buy . Called company since more than 30 days had passed . Company would not refund money -- only replace , but why would I need 2 cables . Do yourself a favor and do not buy from this company ,
 Purchased this cable for my new Samsung 52 inch LCD that I bought from Amazon . Could n't beat the price . The HDMI cable was OK , and definately worth 10 bucks , but the problem was that the bill I received from the invoice was $ 18 . The vendor was P.C.Universe via Amazon . Contacted P.C.Universe by e-mail with a very NICE inquiry as to the price and was ignored . Nothing-zip-nada from them.I have purchased a great deal of products through Amazon , and this is the first time this has happened.Have always heard horror stories about internet purchases , but have always been lucky . Amazon has always been great to deal with and I certainly will continue to use their service , but `` let the buyer beware '' . Eight bucks is no big deal , but what if it was $ 500 on the price of a new plasma tv . Hope P > C > Universe got coffee and donuts for their staff , because they wo n't ever get any more of my business . Eight bucks is no big deal , but when a retailer ignores an inquiry by a customer that is one big fat red flag . But then they do have my eight dollars do n't they?Cables To Go - 40315 - 2M -LRB- 6.5 ft -RRB- Velocity HDMI Digital Video Cable -LRB- Blue -RRB-
 I purchased these HDMI cables in early August . The cables were never delivered , but I was charged for the cables . After a month of waiting I checked my Amazon account and it was being reported by Amazon that the cables were successfully delivered to me ... only problem is that I NEVER RECEIVED THE CABLES.Amazon refunded my purchase , but the lack of any communication from the seller and the charging of my credit card without a delivery of service was unacceptable . In addition to that , the fact that the company was reporting the cables as delivered is frustrating and annoying . Thanks to Amazon , no thanks to Cables to Go .
 The only reason I didnt give these cables 1 star , is because they only cost 10 bucks . Probably better than an analog connection , but HD picture still grainy and not up to par . The way I see it , if you are going to spend the big money on a nice HDTV , why not spring for Monster cables too.I am buying Monsters as I write .
 There is LITERALLY blood on my keyboard as I type this.Based on the title and first sentence of this review , you probably know where I am going with this . I have HAD IT with clamshell packaging , and these Cables To Go from Impact Acoustics are the WORST example I 've ever seen . The packaging is sealed so tightly , and made of such a hard plastic that scissors just would n't work ; I eventually had to resort to sawing the package open with a steak knife . In the course of doing this , I 've sliced the dickens out of my hand - not with the knife , but with the exposed mangled plastic of the packaging itself!Look , I 'm aware that this review is n't very helpful with the performance of the product itself . Honestly , I have n't hooked it up yet because I 've been too busy trying to STAUNCH THE FLOW OF BLOOD . -LRB- And no , I 'm not exxagerating . -RRB- You have a choice in who you buy these cables from - dozens of companies make them . I am begging you to exercise that choice . PLEASE do n't give Impact Acoustics the money or the satisfaction - it 's a minor thing to them , but they are WOUNDING PAYING CUSTOMERS.Please buy your cables from another company . Amazon has just launched an amazing `` Frustration-Free Packaging '' initiative . They 're aware of the problem . Please support this initiative and buy in frustration-free packaging . That way , maybe these guys will get the message and stop distributing these asinine clamshells .
 I read all the outstanding reviews that this product garnered and was quickly sold on how great a value these cables were . One reviewer even offered , `` I sell cables for a living , and these cables are the best ! '' I dreamed of outsmarting all those Monster Cable buyers by purchasing an $ 11 HDMI cable ... I outsmarted those who buy Monster Cables for about an hour . Then , with a room full of people at my house trying to watch a Blu-Ray movie , the cables failed . Thinking it was my TV , I began to panic . Maybe it was the Blu-Ray player ? Testing revealed that the Cables to Go were the only thing not working in my brand-new system.A quick trip to the electronics store yielded a new pair of Monster Cables that , although expensive , work perfectly to this day . These Cables to Go simply did not perform for me , and it really makes me wonder about who is writing all these positive reviews . All I can say is that the reviews fooled me , and I got what I paid for , which was n't much . I have since returned them and will rely in the future more on brand names and reputation , and less on these `` customer '' product reviews.THEY DO N'T WORK !!!!
 I bought this cable after reading some of the reviews here on Amazon . I had been using the MONSTER hdmi cable on my current Sony HDMI dvd upscaler and the pictures were beautiful . I had purchased recently a PS3 and did not want to spend another $ 70 on a MONSTER hdmi cable so I bought this cable instead . Well , comparing the two dvds of Nicole Kidman in Moulin Rouge , she is way hotter using the MONSTER cable . If I had never used the MONSTER cable , I would have thought this cable would have been sufficient . But the detail is much sharper using the MONSTER cable . Let it be known , there is a significant difference between the picture quality in the cables . I wish it were n't so because I 'd rather not spend another $ 70 . Actually , I 'm just going to be lazy and just switch the MONSTER cable between my regular SONY player and my PS3 . I do n't want to wear out the PS3 playing regular dvds all the time . I know ... I 'm super cheap but at least I 'm trying not to wear the PS3 out , no matter how futile it might be .
 Not all cables are created equally as the review above correctly suggests . This product did NOT work out of the sealed package . Useless.Better Quality + Spending a few -LRB- or many -RRB- dollars more = A cable you can use for many years or until technology changes.This product went from the package to the recycling bin . It 's garbage . Buying cheap sure costs a lot more money and time in the end . Do n't make the same mistake I did.Cables To Go - 40315 - 2M -LRB- 6.5 ft -RRB- Velocity HDMI Digital Video Cable -LRB- Blue -RRB-
 i purchased my 32 '' HDTV frm best buy and got the Sony Suround sys. from amazon , then came the time to select which HDMI cable should i get ? needless to say i got one of the cheap ones and save like $ 30 -LRB- when i spent about $ 1000 on getting my home theater together including the tv -RRB- and the quality was bad , some times altogether there was no pic , imagine the frustration when u waited so long for something and spent so much and a in the end it did not work properly , then i just went and got the expensive HDMI cables -LRB- $ 50 + -RRB- and the same home theatre equipment worked like a charm ! Lesson learned!Its not worth saving 30 bucks when u have already spend a grand !
 The cable intermitently failed signal from my Panasonic Blu Ray Player to my 52 '' Samsung HDTV . I too thought that cables would n't make a difference . I was wrong . I changed out the cable with a MONSTER brand HDMI and to my suprise , everything worked fine . It probably works fine for some folks , but in my case , I 'll go with a more dependable cable .
 The picture of the item to be sold is not what I received . After checking and double checking the picture was of the machine and that 's what I was trying to purchase . I purchased the ribbon to go with it but all I got was to ribbons . I am highly upset because I was actually trying to get the machine . To me this is false advertisemnt - the picture and the words do not match . I think you need to change this immediately and I need to order the machine . The Signature Z1 printerPrimera 56130 Black Ribbon -LRB- Signature Z1 Printer -RRB-
 I have recently notified Dane-elec of a situation where this reader may corrupt your files if using a large SD card -LRB- I have a 4GB pqi card -RRB- . I would caution anyone considering this unit try it before they purchase , or ensure you can return it . And please verify the actual files are all internally consistent before you delete them from your original SD card !!! I will update this posting as I get more info .
 I 've had this reader for maybe 4 months . Worked fine until this past month when suddenly one of my microdrives became corrupt . I figured it failed . Then - the same day , a second microdrive was corrupted . Put in a 1 gig smartcard and wham , it 's corrupt too . Diagnosed it to this reader - have no problem with the cards once we paid to have our images retrieved and reformatted them and stopped using this reader .
 The noise drives me nuts ! Too bad the box went to the trash a few weeks ago or the unit would be returned asap . Not clear if the noise is a far or electrical ; unacceptable regardless.Additional info direct from the APC tech support -- the noise is a fan and the fan is on 100 % of the time due to a change in design . The fan is very loud ! The fan is a design change the noise is a known issue that will not be addressed . Completely unacceptable level of noise for such an expensive device .
 The BR900 and 900BLK units have been failing on me in under a year . Two heated up , melting the plastic housing near the power transformer . I am an Electrical Engineer , and I have/had a 40U Rack in the basement with 2 RM2200 APC 's for my video theater , andhouse central switch which is a Cisco 3560-G24 , 24 ports of 1GBe-TX , 4 SFP Gbe , and I have a 12 pair -LRB- 24 strand -RRB- fiber optic loop running from basement up to attic around and back . This is how I get fiber to each of the area 's upstairs where I have switches and wifi . Upstairs there is a older Cisco 2950 running QOs for my VOIP PBx . Plus individual gaming systems , various laptops , Mac 's , MacBook pro 's , and my server rack which is a 40U rack in my office that is vented to the attic , and contains about 6 2U rack servers , and 3 x Thucus NAS2200 Raid 1 units , and 3 x Thucus N4100Pro Raid 5 units . -LRB- Replaced servers that were just file servers -RRB- . all of these are running on UPS 's . I have 18 UPS 's . I track battery replacement with a spreadsheet . Some are Smart 750 's , a bunch of BAK1000 's which are old but gone through a few battery replacements just fine . Then came the cheaper 800 and 900 units in White and Black . Two , had I not been home would have likely started a fire . One did indeed start burning . I started looking at the units , and because I am a EE and PE , I will not comment on the design , however looking for some type of common thread , many of my unitswere made in China , many more in the Philippines . I then took notice that every one of my 800 and 900 units were made in India.Tonight I decided to write because I lost yet another . I recently brought this to the attention of APC . They sent me a replacement for my trouble , but did not address my quality concerns . Now I have used APC in the home , and I have used their systems professionally in building data centers . I have nothing negative to say about the pro equipment , nor any other APC , from my RM2200 's , a RM1400 , 7 BK800 's , 3 BK900 's -LRB- but only 5 total left . Not one lasted a full year , two RS1000 's , a BK1100 , two SU750 's . I do n't know what the problem is with the 900 's , all I know is it is not worth risking protecting my $ 2000 computer , or switch and risking burning my house to the ground when a self test fails when I am not home , and the unit does not shut itself down properly as it should . I even have two 900 's on my 16 channel Mixer and electronics on my drum set . A combo Gretch acoustic set , pure maple , and a Roland V electronic kit x 2 combined , with the exact cymbals Neil Peart used in his 30th anniversary kit . All drums miked , and all electronics protected by APC 900 's . I have started to replace all of my Black 800 's and 900 's with comparable Tripp-lite units . Going on a year since deploying my first and no problems . I will rest easier when none are in my home anymore . Buy any APC you want . I just would avoid the units made in India . I do n't know if it is a Q/A issue , but I have had too many failures . I am glad I keep track of them on a spreadsheet . I have all the serial numbers of the ones now with Strikeout through them . I just want to protect my gear like everyone else . Ok , I have a lot of electronic stuff . But do n't make me choose over a $ 150 UPS and risking burning my home to the ground . Geez , at least look in to it . Instead , I was rejected as an anomaly . Heck of an anomaly ! I am on here tonight to buy another replacement . My wife called me and she lost the two wifi units in the house -LRB- to allow roaming , both have same SSID , but non-overlap 802.1 G channels -LRB- 2 and 6 -RRB- . I have had no other problems and I have been using APC for nearly two decades . That is an excellent record . something with the 800 and 900 units . Only common thread was made in India . Purchased too far apart to be same lots ... Do n't get it , but not worth it .
 I 've owned this for three years now and about 5 days ago the red `` Replace Battery '' light came on . When I check on the prices for a replacement battery I found they cost $ 65 !! Worse than that the very same day the UPS shuts down without warning !!! And again tonight it shuts down without a microsecond of warning ! If it ca n't run without a good battery then it should warn you of this.Like so many other I 've made the switch to CyberPower . At least the batteries are much cheaper !
 About half a dozen times per week the APC Back-UPS raises a screeching alarm and the powered devices go down as though from a power loss . Funny , I thought the alarm was supposed to mean there was a loss in wall power and the Back-UPS was HELPING - - not that the wall power was fine and the Back-UPS had decided to shut off.Just as an experiment I took out the Back-Ups and just plugged direct to wall power for a week . Zero problems . Time to buy another brand of UPS ...
 My computer is located near the TV just off the kitchen . The noise produced was quite unacceptable . The fan apparatus was louder than my refrigerator and ran constantly!After a little over a week , I packed it up and returned it .
 This is actually the first time I 've every filled out a rating on a product . I 'm usually too busy to take the time . But my experience with this printer was so poor , I felt it my duty to warn others . I have now purchased and returned 3 of them . So I know it 's not me -- it 's the printer . It prints visible lines through the pages -LRB- probably a misalighnment of the printer heads -RRB- and also prints off-center -LRB- prints the image too high on the page -RRB- . I 've tested the same files on the same computer with different printers and they all printed fine on the other printers . I desperately wanted the 1200 to work b/c of it 's large ink reservoirs -- I print a lot and am tired of changing ink every day . After trying 3 different 1200s , and with the same negative issues with all , I have to assume that the product line overall is defective . STAY AWAY !
 Purchased memory according to spec list . Memory did not fit my computer model . I sent an email asking for help but never received a reply .
 Despite reviewer/company info stating this memory should work with my new HP Color LaserJet CP2025 , I had no success . I even returned the memory and obtained another one directly from EDGE . When installed , the printer refused to boot up and was not able to be found on the network . Removal of the memory had things back to normal . Updating the printer 's drivers and system had no effect . Do n't count on finding any memory to expand the memory in this printer .
 I got this keyboard/mouse to accompany a new computer and I had generally had good luck with Logitech in the past . All luck was gone with this product - the bluetooth signal continually dropped out , leaving me with either just a mouse or just a keyboard or neither . If the product works for you , consider yourself fortunate , as worse than the lousy product is the customer service provided by the company . The support phone line is not toll free , they operate bankers ' hours -LRB- Monday through Friday only -RRB- , and after the usual 20 minute wait for a live person , I was asked to read off the serial numbers of all 5 pieces , necessitating crawling around with flashlight and phone to get this `` critical '' information to them . -LRB- I can understand the mouse and keyboard numbers , but do they really think I switched out a power cord on them and am trying to con them ? -RRB- Then , after a couple reboots , which failed to accomplish anything -LRB- I told them I had done that at least a dozen times , but they were not convinced , apparently -RRB- , I was told that `` probably '' it was a bad USB plug on my computer , and the company could do nothing for me.They did not stand behind this product even a little - it was as if they knew they had a lemon on the market and did n't want to get into replacing faulty equipment . For the record , I have a keyboard plugged into that suspect USB port and it works fine.My $ 150 investment in this Logitech equipment ? It is in a box gathering dust in the garage as it was so undependable and spotty I could n't continue to use it . For what I paid for it , one would think some help troubleshooting , or some offer to replace faulty equipment , might come with the price.Logitech has lost my faith and all goodwill I felt for the company .
 Like many of the previous reviewers , I have owned a number of Logitech keyboards and mice , most of them the top of the line . This is , without question , the first and only one that I have truly been disappointed with.The keyboard is the major problem . Logitech 's implementation of Bluetooth just is not ready for prime time . The keyboard has a very serious issue with lag time . There is a very slight , but definitely perceptible lag time between the time you hit a key and the time when a letter appears . For someone who can type reasonably fast , this is very annoying . Also , if the keyboard has been resting for several minutes , it often repeats the first key you hit . This is a very serious problem if the first key you hit is a number you are entering on an on-line auction like e-bay . If you are n't careful , you will find yourself bidding $ 550 when you intended on only bidding $ 50 . This is VERY frustrating.The so-called touch sensitive medial controls are totally worthless . They rarely work , and they are hardly touch sensitive . I find that the only way to get them to work is to literally press on them with some fairly significant force.Just typing this review has been a problem because the keystrokes lag behind what a normal keyboard does.The mouse , on the other hand , is generally pretty good . I do n't think the laser tracking is as accurate as Logitech claims , or as accurate as regular optical mice I have had in the past . I suspect that the problem is , again due to the poorly implemented Bluetooth technology.I have been waiting for Logitech to post some fixes on their website , but as of this date I have found none . If Logitech does not fix these issues , I suspect I will be very quickly tossing this keyboard in the trash and looking for a new one . Its a shame because I have always liked my previous Logitech products . ***** UPDATE : I could n't take it any longer . The delayed keystrokes and multiple key strokes were driving me crazy . I tossed the MX5000 and bought an MX3100 . I 'm back in love with Logitech . The difference is dramatic . The MX3100 , using the `` old '' technology , works perfectly . Key strokes are accurate , the mouse and all other functions work instantly without delay.Bottom line
 I had a very poor experience with the Microsoft Media Center infrared keyboard and I wanted to replace it with a bluetooth solution that would - I thought - get rid of all connection problems.I was wrong . The hardware is very nice but the software keeps on dropping connections.AS usual , I was very careful
 I got this keyboard when we got a new PC from Dell . Since I 'm using company money , I figured why not get a nice keyboard since I felt that my old wireless keyboard and mouse lagged a little bit . I thought to myself , I wanted my next one to be as precise as they can come ! So I put this order together with the PC.And boy was that a mistake!This got to our office a few days before the PC came in , I liked the styling and I was so excited to use it , so the moment the PC got delivered , I was raring to go . It worked without installing the drivers and I went immediately online as soon as I got the PC hooked up . I read the reviews and was wondering why other users here gave this wireless combo such bad reviews . I did n't pay attention to the other reviewers and proceeded to install the drivers ... and that 's where my frustration all started . After several crashes , unwanted reboots and driver installation restarts ... I was able to somehow get lucky and install and actually finish the software installation process . The LCD screen kinda impressed me and I even thought to myself how this is all going to be great . Upon using the keyboard and mouse more , however , I find that I 'm agreeing with with most of the comments left for this poor attempt for a bluetooth combo . Keys are responsive enough and I like the solid feel , but when you leave it for a minute or two , say you were doing something with your mouse and you suddenly type a command , your keyboard tends to ssssttttuuuuttteerrr ... then ofcourse you press enter and the command does not work , which can be very irritating especially when your working with CAD applications . You wonder why your command didnt go thru then you read on the command prompt that you typed SST instead of ST.Now the mouse ! I used to laugh about one of the comments in here where the reviewer complained how the mouse tend to get REALLY slow when it decides to , I even thought that whoever that was who wrote about that must be using a really slow PC which tends to freeze and affect the mouse 's speed . WRONG ! It does happen , and it happens alot ! I have a dual core PC with 1 GB Ram and 256MB Graphics Card and I often feel like I 'm dragging a cursor that 's tied down by bricks ! Did anyone say carpal tunnel ? I think I can FEEL it ! The funny thing is that , well , it really is not funny but this happens even if you only have ONE applicatoin running . Believe me I gave this mouse a chance and closed all of my other applications and just stayed on Photoshop thinking that will solve my `` slow mo-use '' issue but my cursor still behaved erratically with only ONE app running ! It works so bad that I could n't even find where my cursor was at times ! the left and right mousewheel is worthless too ! especially when you use the middle button function a lot for ` panning ' around . Good thing I can disable the left and right function.SIGH !!! One good point though is that the bluetooth hub works and I am able to connect my phone to my PC ... Mouse and keyboard wise though , you can do better . Infact , when I got this , I ordered a Logitech Cordless Desktop S510 with Media Remote for my desktop at home and I never had a problem with that ! I 'm so happy with that model that I 'm actually thinking of getting another one to replace this junk!So , if you 're considering getting a cordless keyboard and mouse combo , and wanted this one because it has the bluetooth function . Think again !
 Before you buy this delicious looking combo read reviews . Problems with keyboard connection and making connection if you are succesful will take between 30 to 60 min -LRB- !! -RRB- of your time on regular basis . Tried to set up USB bus so it is not disconnected by Windows -LRB- to save energy -RRB- helped nothing in resolving the connection issue . Tried probably everything . Nothing works to fix connectivity issue . Unless you uninstall ane reinstall software every single day . Simply stay away . Do n't even bother .
 I received this keyboard / mouse combo from Logitech as a replacement for a different defective model of Logitech combo that I had purchased . Not impressed with either of them . The other combo crashed completely after a couple of months . This one - the keyboard keys stick , and a single strike will enter continuously quite often . And , the first key strike in an entry will double almost every time . No amount of playing with the settings corrects this . And , the battery indicator shows that the batteries are low almost constantly - when they are not . I would recommend a different manufacturer ... This set has been a constant irritation . I am looking for a better product . I will not be purchasing a Logitech .
 What hype for a terrible product.The keyboard is an agony . Forget about Bluetooth and a little hard to read screen , it is exactly the type one would throw away when buying a computer and the store tosses in a keyboard . Little space between keys and few good extra keys of any benefit . All with the added problem that when one starts to type after a pause , the first letter typed comes out twice , as in hhelp.The mouse could be fine , but has a fatal defect . The least technological part -- the four back feet in the bottom -- are too large and it will not glide on any surface . Their surface area is probably three times that of the competitive product , as my budding engineer son pointed out . Did n't the team at Logitech ever hear about friction?And while Bluetooth is a leading edge technology , and a laser is great for accuracy , this is a bad marriage . I owned a MX1000 -LRB- the mouse that comes with this set , but the RF wireless type -RRB- and it is far more accurate and less problematical.After a month of agony the set has hit the dustbin .
 As an owner of the Logitech Elite Bluetooth KB/Mouse set , I had very high expectations for this new setup . My Logitech Elite just stopped working from one day to the other and I saw myself forced to look for a replacement . Why my Logitech Elite set died is still a mystery to me and a bit disheartning considering it was n't even a year old ... regardless before it died it was a GREAT setup.I saw this for sale as the new version of my previous KB/Mouse so I went for it ... Bluetooth 2.0 , a laser mouse and a funny keyboard ... oh well I can deal with the keyboard I told myself.Unfortunately the keyboard has more problems than just the looks and gimmicky features which are just that ... gimmicks . The main problem it has is a software problem which makes the keyboard overtype commands . Say you 're browing a webpage and stop typing for about 2 or 3 minutes ... you decide to search for say `` Apple iPod '' ... the keyboard would type something like `` AAAAApple iPod '' . Yes ... it 's that bad , and its just about every single time you leave the keyboard alone for more than a minute or so.I looked for a software update everywhere and there is none from Logitech -LRB- as of Dec 20 2005 -RRB- . This is a common problem as you can see from the reviews here and elsewhere on the net.My previous Logitech Elite had some software issues , but a quick download fixed those when I purchased it . This MX5000 set has potential as it has BT 2.0 and a very nice mouse . The mouse is VERY nice and feels extremly smooth and accurate . They keyboard kills the set for the price you pay though.I am currently using my Logitech Elite keyboard from my previous set and my new MX1000 mouse . I am extremly happy with this cross-setup , but of course , that isnt want you 're buying here . There 's no reason for me to have to use my older keyboard with a new product that retails at $ 150 . I have n't decided if I 'm going to keep this setup as I think it 's unfair to me as a consumer -LRB- and repeat Logitech customer ! -RRB- Logitech needs to sort out the software issues before selling something like this with such a severe issue .
 This being my first - wireless - kb/mouse set , I 'm presuming maybetoo much by assuming that this sort of behavior does not occur inthe other main technology -LRB- believe it 's RF wireless -RRB- that isused . . I would think by now that any kinks that may have been in a priorgeneration of bluetooth devices would no longer be an issue inthis one -LRB- response time , connection , battery life -RRB- , butunfortunately , this set has all those issues and more.At first , the keyboard was ok , but I had numerous occasions wherethe mouse would lose connection , sometimes for more than a fewminutes . Nothing I did would fix the issue -LRB- like attempting amanual reconnect -RRB- . Almost on cue , if I used the mouse for about4-5 hrs straight , it would seem to lose connection due toinadequate charging.The keyboard is mainly for looks IMO , the lcd display is moreof a gimmick than anything else . But the keyboard did have alot of nice programmable keyboard shortcuts , although I tendedto accidentally hit the mute button on the lower left a lot.But now , after only 11/2 weeks of usage , the keyboard batteriesare already drained to the point where I have keypresses repeatthemselves . I tried using rechargeables , but I have to almostchange them out everyday . You 'll know when the keyboard batteriesstart being inadequate when you keypress and then you get 4-8repeats of the same key.I do n't know if I 'm expecting too much out of this wireless setsince this is my first wireless set and I do tend to use thecomputer for at least 6 hrs a day . I do n't believe it 's adefective product . But I did not expect it to be this bad , especially with one of the newer generations of bluetoothequipment . Again , I 'm assuming it 's mainly the bluetooth . I havenot seen similar issues with the RF sets that my friends use.My last comment - I ended up putting the bluetooth usb dongleon the front of my computer , which seemed to improve theconnection to the mouse . However , after doing that , any time Itry connecting other usb devices to the 2nd usb port on thefront , the computer no longer recognizes the device . Somehow , the bluetooth device either screwed the usb port up , or maybeis draining more than a usual amount of power?Anyhow , I would highly recommend anything else out thereunless you want a very elegant , compact , and troublesome wirelesskb/mouse combo .
 I purchased the MX5000 Laser with Bluetooth connection for my wife 's desktop system . I wanted to replace her current MX700 keyboard/mouse combo with it 's ill-designed connections . Lack of documentation and installation instructions was a concern . Installation was at times incomplete and uninstalling and reinstalling was required several times . When the drivers were finally installed , the keyboard was not recognized . Unplugging the Bluetooth dongle and reinstalling solved that problem at least for the moment . The mouse went into sleep mode much too quickly and even appeared to freeze . Connections came and went and the keyboard/mouse combination was not reliable enough . Logitech products are some of the most attractive designs but rarely have the performance to match . I 'll stick with my Microsoft hardware . I 'm returning this item and will shop for another replacement .
 Ive had two of these now . Returned the first one because the keyboard just completly died one day and wouldnt turn back on . Both of them have had connection problems where the keyboard would randomly disconnect and require special attention to reconnect . The keyboard if left alone for a few seconds will spaz out and the key you push will be pushed 10-15 times . Even if you only pushed it once . The mouse is fine , I love the mouse , but the keyboard is completely useless and chews through batterys .
 about all you can say for this combo is it looks really attractive sitting on your desk ... because that is about all it 's going to do . when it works , it 's awesome , however good luck getting it to work.mouse - large and clunky . the center wheel is awful . i draft on autocad and the wheel continually gets stuck in pan or zoom . extremely frustrating . the laser has difficulty registering on a lot of surfaces.keyboard - worst design ever . the volume controls are on the right hand side of the keyboard - exactly where any normal user would rest their hand . the mute button is extremely problematic . one user complained they could n't access it - all i do is accidently hit it all the time . the keys are unresponsive and usually i have to reconnect the device about 3 to 4 times daily , which often takes up to 5 minutes to connect . on more than one occasion i have had to plug in an older mouse and keyboard to troubleshoot when this device simply shuts down . many of the other keys are located in unusual places and make day-to-day operating cumbersome . i use my computer on average 16-20 hours daily at school and this has caused me problems on more than one occasion . i would get rid of this and get something else , but i already spent too much money on it to throw it out.my advice is to wait for logitech to work out the kinks with the bluetooth system before you invest in this set-up .
 Like so many other disappointed fans of the logitech product line I too think this is a Blue tooth kb mouse combo is a total POS . It continually drops its connection . How is someone supposed to shut a window os down w/o a mouse or a keyboard . Crash is how FU logitech .
 The mouse is 99 % good . The keyboard sometimes locks up and spews whatever the last keypress was . The media controls keep getting in the way . A company with this much experience should be doing better than this .
 I 've had this keyboard and mouse combo for about a year now and can safely say that is junk and a total waste of money.One positive thing that gave this review one extra star is the fact that the mouse that comes with it is very nice.First of all , unlike the mouse that has a charging dock , this keyboard requires 4 AA batteries which have to be changed about every 2 weeks . The keys themselves are very stiff and hard to push , so if feels like you are pounding on the keyboard when you type.The touch pad on the left side of the keyboard which controls volume and play features is not sensitive enough , so it takes longer to turn the volume up then it would to do it through the task bar.Also , the battery life indicator on the keyboard can not be trusted . Every time I have needed to change the battery the status goes from ` Full ' to ` Critical ' in a matter of minutes . If you do n't change the batteries right away when it reaches ` Critical ' the keyboard will turn off.The keyboard also loses connection all the time . The top screen will turn off , then come back on and in the meantime you ca n't do anything but wait for it to finish.The most annoying trait of all though is the spinning . I play a couple of MMO 's -LRB- online games -RRB- and the keyboard will randomly start spinning my character around in a circle and there 's nothing I can do to stop it other than to turn the keyboard off and turn it back on.So long story short , do n't buy this keyboard . Save your money , time , and headaches and buy something better .
 Just read everyone elses reviews ! That sums everything up . I bought this combo set to replace my MX5000 mouse that died -LRB- due to heavy use -RRB- and to finally try a cordless keyboard.Well , Logitechs BIGGEST mistake was discontinuing the MX5000 mouse . I had mine for almost 5 years , and I spend a lot of time playing WoW.The combo is n't overly bad , but it 's not up to Logitech par . At one point , Logitechs bluetooth dongle created problems with itself . Meaning , the installed driver for the Keyboard/mouse combo had a problem with Logitechs drivers for bluetooth headsets . I do n't have a bluetooth headset , but I did have a Keyboard / mouse that no longer worked.To sum everything up : `` Buyer beware . '' on this combo !
 When this thing works , it 's great . The problem is that it rarely works . It CONSTANTLY looses the connection . When you attempt to re-establish the connection it takes forever , the process overly complicated and it only works 1 out of 4 times - then you have to go through the `` flick this switch , press this button , rub your head , dance a little jig , etc. '' . I am currently entering this review on my old keyboard with a PS/2 connection . Take a guess as to why .
 This is the absolute worst desktop set you can get . My old room mate has the same one and agrees , he does n't even use it anymore . My mouse has never worked right , the lcd display is pointless as it doesnt display any useful information except the time , and it CONSTANTLY loses connection . It 's a p.o.s. and not worth 50 bucks if you ask me .
 Works fairly well but falls short of what I expected . Keyboard
 The first set I got had a bad keyboard and I spent a lot of time trying to figure out what was wrong . I finally got a technician who worked with me and figured out that the keyboard was bad . I will say that the technical people were really good and very knowledgeble . Good thing too because these are really fussy gadgets . The second one worked right out of the box and is great but I have too many things that interfere with the signal apparently because after a couple weeks I lost connectivity and also lost interest in troubleshooting . I 'm in the middle of a lot of big , time sensitive projects and I do n't have the time to work out what the problem is this time . So I recommend this set to gadget loving , problem solving types but not to those who have a low level of frustration .
 If only this product actually worked correctly ... I read all the negative reviews , then I thought , `` I can get it to work , I always do '' . Well , maybe not this time.By way of background , I have a master 's degree in electrical engineering and many years of experience with computer gadgets of all sorts -- and I can get this thing to work , intermittently , sort of , sometimes.If you are looking for a project , then this is the product for you . If you are irritated every time your keyboard and mouse do not work -LRB- which I personally find irritating -RRB- , then you should probably look elsewhere.I 'm a diehard Logitech guy , but they goofed on this one . Maybe new drivers would help ??
 I 've had the MX 5000 for almost 2 years now and I 'm very disappointed . For no apparent reason the mouse will suddenly `` slow '' and drift from where it should be pointing . Also the keyboard will randomly decide to get stuck on certain keys and just continue to type them as if I 'm holding them down but the key itself is n't stuck , it 's like it lost connection mid-sentence and decided to just keep going . I think both these problems are related to being Bluetooth so my next mouse and keyboard will probably be wired .
 I wish I could give this a good rating , but I ca n't . The keyboard is just ... bad . There 's no other way to describe it . Far too often , it goes into sleep mode and when it wakes up , the first letter you type gets omitted . If you are a gamer or someone who likes to chat online , you 'll get frustrated day in and day out by the keyboard . It also has a bad habit of `` sticking '' at times . So , for instance , if you were to try typing a letter , it would repeat the letter 50 times . It 's an annoyance , but again , if you are a gamer and use WASD to move , you 'll be horrified when that W key sticks and you auto-run somewhere you should n't be . Leroy Jenkins , is that you?Again , I wish this combo had delivered . Bluetooth seems to be the wave of the future , after all . While I do like the Bluetooth aspect of the mouse , and I like the mouse itself , the keyboard 's shortcomings are too numerous to overlook . If I could rate each individually , I 'd give the Mouse a 4.5 and the keyboard a 1 . Combined , however , I am forced to give the overall product 2 stars -LRB- and that may be generous -RRB- .
 I 've had the Logitech MX5000 combo kit for over a year . When I first purchased it I was so pleased that I bought a second for my other computer . However they have a long way to go to perfect this pair . Every month or so it disconnects the bluetooth pairing and you have to go through the re-connect excercise . An annoyance , but I liked the extra functions . Now I 'm having issues where I either lose the keyboard or mouse and have to re-install the entire software package to get it to function again . If it were just on one set , I could chalk it up to a single defect . However , it happens on both with increasing frequency . It 's gotten to the point where I 'm now looking for a wired pair to avoid this frustration . Save yourself the aggrevation and keep looking for something more reliable .
 Here 's what I just wrote to Logitech on this piece of crap combo : `` I have been battling this combo for months now.At first , it was just the keyboard that troubled me . The initial installation/connection scarred my once lofty opinion of Logitech . Simply put , the keyboard would not connect . Sometimes it would let me enter the passkey . Sometimes the passkey would enter itself . Either scenario resulted in the same infuriating nonsense
 I was looking for the latest greatest in wireless keyboard mouse combination and the Bluetooth MX 5000 seemed to be it . It has just about anything you could want . That is all well and good but what a pain . It just looses connection from time to time and guess what you need the mouse and keyboard to get it to reconnect . So I pull out a corded USB mouse and get it going again . You never know when this will happen and at first I did n't think much of it but now after several months of use I am just sick of it . I am going back to a wired keyboard and a non Bluetooth mouse .
 This product is wonderful in theory , but it does not work at all in practice . Constant crashes -LRB- even after downloading the update -RRB- make your computer slow and unusable . A keyboard and mouse with lots of functionality is pointless if all of your programs crash . As of July 2006 , Logitech has n't updated the software since April despite knowing of its serious stability problems . Due to their complete lack of concern for their customers , I recommend that you do not purchase this product .
 ok , For anyone thinking of upgrading to windows vista 64bit THIS IS NOT COMPATIBLE . Logitech in my experience makes excellent and durable cordless mouse and keyboard sets . Im sure this is not an exception and I would give this a 4 or 5 star except for the fact it lists on the box that it is vista compatible . . vista 64 is still vista and they need to specify it does NOT WORK on it . so the vista compatibility is a crock . -LRB- the fact it came out before vista is irrelevant ... as it says on the box it is compatible and they can support thier products by creating drivers -RRB- The problem is the bluetooth dongle is not recognized and is a `` unknown '' device . -LRB- works fine in vista 32 bit -RRB- . looking at the support boards ect this is a common problem . . there are supposedly work arounds -LRB- you should not have to . . when it says vista compatible -RRB- like installing another companies dongle drivers or editing microsoft configuration files , rebooting , press F8 , buy another dongle to use with it . . sell your first borns soul ... that sort of thing . works for some , not for most . how much of this is logitechs fault and how much is microsoft 's is not really clear . . but vista compatible is certainly misleading and Im sure there is more than a couple thousand boxes sitting in peoples garage because logitech does n't list this right or support it . . shame on you logitech . . great way to lose loyal customers who have been so for years.create a damn 64 bit driver or specify clearly on the packaging NOT FOR USE WITH VISTA 64 BIT . . my take . . wait for then next version of the combo which hopefully vista 64 will support or better yet vote with your wallet and buy another brand . 2 stars for false advertising . otherwise probably a decent product in xp .
 The software included with the product is incorrect and the Logitech support was less than helpful . After installing the updated software I still can not boot my desktop as I am receiving a keyboard error 0211 if I do not have another keyboard installed . The support suggestion was to find another computer and try it there . I am sure we all have many other computers . The package is now being packed for return.I Logitech wants to continue marketing products they must improve both the quality and the support . As for myself there will not be any Logitech products in my cart .
 I am constantly watching Logitech 's site for software updates . This thing is a piece of junk as is . I recommend an old-fashioned balled mouse with an inch of dust on the inner rollers over this thing . My mouse floats all over the place . My precision tolerance is about a half and inch on the screen . One software update has been released for it , and I swear it made the thing worse . Bluetooth connectivity went to pot . The LCD screen on the keyboard now works sometimes , and those repetative kkkkkeystrokes are painfully annoying . Do n't buy it ... unless you want to buy mine !!!! -LRB- I 'll make you a real deal ! -RRB-
 looks like a great product and all just 1 problem ... it doesnt friggin work . always disconnects and the mouse is always crappy . . save a few bucks and get a better product . . i recommend the mx3100
 This is a wonderful product with the exception of a very annoying and lengthy lag in keyboard strokes . As I write this , If I were to stop typing for more than a second or two , it would take five to ten seconds of typing or twenty to thirty key entries for my keystrokes to start to be recognized . Reinstalling the drivers and software has no effect . Thus far Logitech has not addressed this issue . Contemplate the effect this would have on word processing .
 I know this unit is old but after looking for a new keyboard/mouse combo I ran across the MX5000 still for sale - and for over $ 200 from one vendor ! These keyboards are not worth $ 20 let alone $ 200I bought two of these combos , the range of the bluetooth and the mouse being rechargable were big selling points , on the other hand , all the features the mouse/keyboard come with are totally useless when the main features fail to function.If you 've read a bad review on this product , believe it , these are the worst keyboards i 've run across in my 20 + years in the computer field - a 2x4 and a rock would make a better keyboard and mouse ... Slow , lagging -LRB- 30 seconds plus -RRB- and just total lack of response on the mouse , the keeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyboard likes to repeat , and if you 're trying to work , there 's nothing more fustrating than having everything you 've worked on for the past hour destroyed.To justify giving it a full 1 point on the review scale I thought i 'd mention what Logitech got right ... 1 . The rechargable mouse -LRB- batteries are still good after 5 years give or take -RRB- 2 . that 's about it ...
 I 've had this keyboard / mouse combo for a couple of years and it has provided nothing but frustration . As so many others have pointed out , the bluetooth connection drops regularly , leaving you without a keyboard . For some reason the mouse seems a bit more reliable , but there are still times -LRB- ~ once every two weeks -RRB- where I have to plug in my usb mouse and use the onscreen keyboard to fiddle with the bluetooth connection wizard until it starts working again . Total waste of time . Stay away unless you enjoy screaming at your poor PC .
 DO NOT buy this product if you plan on gaming ! I do love the design of the keyboard , but the bugs really ruin the whole thing.Pros
 NOT RECOMMENDED !!!! Have had excellent experience with Logitech in the past however , with this setup the keyboard has difficulty being recognized by the poorly written software program -LRB- Setpoint -RRB- . Version 3 . xx was shipped with the keyboard and when I upgraded to the latest version of Setpoint from the Logitech site , the mouse and keyboard could not be detected . Uninstall new version and reinstall old . Mouse and keyboard recognized . Reboot , only mouse recognized . Attempts to connect in vain . Uninstall and reinstall Setpoint -LRB- old version -RRB- keyboard and mouse recognized . Either the hardware is a problem or the software not well written . Only have had to reinstall software twice in the last two weeks . Think I am going back to the mouse & keyboard combo had since Win98 . P.S. Mouse works flawlessly , would recommend as stand alone .6 / 8/08 UpdateGive up on this device . Listing on Craigslist .
 I 'm not one to whine about electronics I buy . I hate reviews where people complain about things like `` My keyboard does n't turn into Voltron and feed my dog ... `` The MX5000 has some cool stuff , like the LCD and the touch-pad `` sliders '' that control volume and media control -LRB- see left side -RRB- . Everything is poorly implemented on the keyboard and the main source is the software . I mean , the keyboard works fine , the range is good -LRB- i 've made it almost 100 feet away -RRB- . But , the software implementation is terrible .1 -RRB- LCD display is cool , but you ca n't control anything . While playing media it displays a `` progress bar '' that updates maybe once every 20 seconds rendering it useless to actually look at and say '' ... 5 seconds left in this track . `` 2 -RRB- The media touch controls are freaky ... The volume slider only allows you to slide > or < 20 % of your current volume -LRB- software issue -RRB- .3 -RRB- There are these `` smart keys '' which can be set to launch software , but can only be set like a car radio preset ; you can not set them in the `` SetPoint '' software ; which makes these smart keys very stupid keys.Mouse :1 -RRB- Uncomfortable .2 -RRB- Useless features that Logitech thought was great like the `` speed scrolling buttons '' above and below the scroll wheel .3 -RRB- Useless program switcher button that you can only use logitechs own program switching software with -LRB- i tried to figure out a way to have it bring up the alt + tab -LRB- hold tab -RRB- then allow you to switch between programs using microsofts `` coolswitch '' with no luck ... I should n't be spending my time programming to fix problems with drivers anyway -RRB- .4 -RRB- MAJOR Firefox issue
 I had a wireless keyboard before and have never had such connection issues . Currently the keyboard will not reconnect after the computer restarts after going in standby . This has not always been the case , but there has always been some connection issue and it can be 10 minutes and numerous power cycles of the keyboard until it gets resolved . The hardware reliability has been poor too . The keyboard had a sticky key and they sent me a new keyboard and mouse . I was thrilled with the second mouse until it failed within a few weeks . I dislike having to recharge it every couple days , I preferred replacing batteries a couple times a year . The mouse does work great though and the keyboard has a neat calculator feature . The shortcut keys on the keyboard are nice too , although the volume and zoom control are not useful to me .
 I hated this product . I would lose my connection every three minutes and it would take 15 seconds to regain it . I would n't work without a direct line of sight and had to be really close to be faintly reliable . I loved the feel and design but it did n't work well at all . I promptly returned it and got the Logitech Wave , which I got for half price and I love at my 4-6 foot range from the dongle .
 When I first bought this product about two years ago , I thought it was phenomenal . I felt ` cutting edge ' for having a Bluetooth receiver on my desktop and would link with my cell phone , making transferring pics a breeze . Then the issues started.The keyboard loves to disconnect . Even after securing it multiple times , it would still do this at random times . During a period of extended use , while i was in bed , whenever . That would be wonderful when I would be playing games online , and my character would start spinning in a circle and i would be unable to control it for at least 15-20 seconds while i would wait for the `` Good Morning ! '' message on the not-backlit impossible to read rarely used LCD display on the keyboard.The mouse however ? Pure gold . It has great accuracy , even if it does take a wee bit of getting used to . It 's rechargeable and has a plethora of great features on it . Even though the keyboard has since been replaced with a Saitek Cyborg , the mouse will continue to get tons of use from me.The worst part about it all , is i 've ended up spending about $ 175 on a bluetooh mouse.Save your money and do n't bother with this .
 This keyboard has been in my employ for one month , used daily for approximately ten hours . Two stars because it works , but with annoying kinks.No problems with the mouse , and the keyboard works ; all those extra toy $ on the keyboard are just that
 I bought this item with high hopes.My first suggestion
 This is the worst keyboard I have ever owned . If it weighted more , it would be a good boat anchor . The keyboard and mouse are always losing the Bluetooth connection . It is really bad for gaming ; they both go into sleep mode after about 3 seconds . This keyboard deserves a `` 0 '' star rating .
 The Logitech keyboard and mouse suite worked terribly for me.I am an electronics industry professional and my company sells computers and installs networks . Installing and configuring a product like this is generally child 's play for me . The installation went poorly , locked up several times . Once the software was installed I had to call tech support in order to get the keyboard to pair with computer via bluetooth -LRB- 1 hour on the phone -RRB- . Once installed -LRB- finally -RRB- the logitech software locked up every 5 minutes or so disabling all but the most basic features of the system . Called Logitech again and they asked me reinstall software , said they would send directions via email to install after a `` clean boot '' . Directions were never sent and I reinstalled myself with the same result . Called Logitech the next day and was walked through the installation , this time with the clean boot which is essentially stopping all non microsoft services and restarting with all non essential programs disabled . The installation failed the first time , but did work on the second attempt . After restarting the machine throughout this reinstallation process five or six times , the software seemed to be running smoother and the devices paired quickly . I signed off with tech support -LRB- 2 hours -RRB- and the software locked up five minutes later . I am now using my old KB and mouse and I am at least productive again.I installed all of this on a modern 3.0 GHZ Intel machine running XP , SP2 fully updated . I spent at least five hours messing with it and it never worked for more than five minutes . Tech support tried to help but they 're just reading procedures off of their PCs and have no actual knowledge of how to help.I would avoid this product at all costs .
 I guess you live and learn by not reading about the product ahead of time.Pros
 Unlike many other reviewers I 've actually been able to get the mouse and keyboard to work -LRB- probably because there 's no more then 3 feet between the BT dongle and my desk -RRB- but I just ca n't get the SetPoint software to recognize that anything is there . And without SetPoint none of the extra keys work . In fact , without SetPoint functioning properly you ca n't even so much as adjust the mouse speed.Since Logitech 's BT implementation ca n't even recognize it 's own compontents it goes without saying it wo n't recognize anything else e.g. a bluetooth cell phone.Now , there may in fact be a simple solution to this problem . If you haunt Logitech 's forums there 's certainly many , many people with similar problems ... . but nowhere on Logitech 's site is there any recognition that a problem of this nature exists , let alone a solution.I 'll give this another day or so before I return this ... but there 's no compensation for the hours of frustration spent struggling with Logitech 's mess .
 This hardware is well-made and I have heard very good things about the non-bluetooth version of the mouse . When it 's connected and working , it does its job very well . Unfortuntately the MX5000 set suffers from some very poorly made software that makes it very difficult to use effectively . At seemingly random intervals , the mouse will start lagging or stop altogether . If this happens during gameplay , you 're in a bad way . The keyboard also suffers from a truly annoying bug . When it comes off of its sleep state , it will double the first key you press . I have also had the keyboard just reset out of the blue . Add in that the SetPoint software for the LCD screen only fully works with two pieces of software -LRB- MusicMatch and Windows Messenger -RRB- , and you have a very disappointing desktop package . The MX1000 is a great mouse on its own , but stay away from this Bluetooth combo . It is unstable and very frustrating to use .
 I am so sick of this product , and having to plug in my USB mouse to use the connection utility to get a connection for the mouse and keyboard . What good is a wireless product if you have to keep the wired ones on stand by to correct frequent failures ? I have had this set for about two years and have received all of the software updates , but the bluetooth connection still continues to drop . I 'm not into gaming and do n't have any usage problems with either the keyboard or the mouse , but keeping them connected is a huge problem . If it is n't the mouse , it 's the keyboard , a really bad day is when they both go , and I then have to drag out the other mouse in order to navigate on the computer to get to the connection utility . THEN , getting the keyboard to connect takes forever , and it goes through 4 or 5 connection cycles before it will connect . Other times , I have to reboot the computer because the keyboard will not connect at all . The other issue I have with the keyboard is if I want to cut it off to help save the batteries , I have to go through the connection lunacy , and spend half the day trying to get it to connect.I would not purchase this product again , and do not recommend it .
 I do 3D animation , video editing , etc. and I like to work fast.I bought this hoping to update my really old wireless mouse and corded keyboard . That still worked great -LRB- also Logitech -RRB- but had gotten kinda scuzzy over the years . That old beige just looks old.I got this combo and the keyboard is super slow . it finishes typing several moments after you type the letters.This is bad in Maya when you 're trying to navigate and click at the same time , it takes 9 years to use the hot box controls and if you press two keys it often thinks you did them in some order instead of at the same time like CTRL ALT and SHIFT with the spacebar.I 'm typing on it now and I 'm glad I ordered a new CORDED keyboard and mouse -LRB- still logitech , I like Logitech , just hate bluetooth -RRB- . The bluetooth mouse takes forever to respond and when it does it overshoots . I spend more time trying to move it where I need it to be than actually getting work done.BLUETOOTHit does n't connect all the time . some times I have to hold the keyboard and mouse right next to the USB transmitter and then it may or may not work . I am super frustrated with this bluetooth nightmare.I have wasted hours of time trying to get them to connect . I do n't have time for that . Went back to corded with backlighting .
 I concur with many other reviewers that this is a piece of garbage . The keyboard is the problem . I could n't keep mine connected and the poor thing ended up in pieces on the floor of my office . I 've gone back to a wired Keyboard and Laser Mouse from Microsoft . Plus Logitech loads utilities and tools that are always popping up on screen asking you if you want to upgrade . Nonsense . It 's a keyboard for crying out loud . I want to type on it , not solve World Hunger . These manufacturers need to stay away from the volume controls and hot keys and make a keyboard that types like it should .
 The problems with the MX5000 relate mainly to the Bluetooth connection , but the keyboard itself is n't as good as it could be either , at least not for intensive work . Two stars only because I liked the mouse , when it worked.I 've been waiting almost three years for Logitech to get the software right for this product , and they still have n't done it . The only reason I kept it as long as I did is that I paid a lot for it , and I kept thinking that surely Logitech would come out with a software update to fix all the bugs . When I first got the MX 5000 , the software was so bad that I had to uninstall Logitech 's Setpoint software and Bluetooth stack and just use the Windows default drivers . I lost some features that way , but at least it worked reliably.At one point , I spent weeks , maybe months , combing through the online forums trying find a way to make this product work.Over the years , Logitech has improved the software , but it still has problems , such as keyboard lag and repeating characters , and device disconnections that are hard to get reconnected . I 'm running the latest software , but I still have the keyboard or mouse disconnect a couple of times per month . The last straw for me , I suppose , was having the mouse disconnect one day last week and then having to reboot the PC and run the connection wizard to get it connected again . After that , I bought a Microsoft wireless desktop -LRB- for about half the price of this Logitech -RRB- and have n't looked back.If you like to suffer , buy this Bluetooth keyboard and mouse . Otherwise , get something else , that 'll probably be cheaper and better .
 This keyboard is a joke . Constantly dropping its signal , taking too much time to recognize the signal and having to press the button after every boot up that is on the USB plugin stick , just to get started . A complete joke . I will be more careful in the future when buying a bluetooth keyboard from Logitech -LRB- or anyone for that matter -RRB- .
 I have only owned Logitech keyboards and mice . I purchased a new computer in November so I bought this new keyboard/mice combo and gave my old one to my sister . BIG MISTAKE !!! Always problems with keyboard not connecting and now the mouse stop working . I am ordering the MX3000 this is my favorite . Logitech does n't even sell this mess anymore .
 and to reconnect , it 's not just pressing `` connect '' due to the security of bluetooth . Very annoying .
 My old keyboard needed to be replaced and I have a wireless mouse and keyboard at work that I like very much , it works flawlessly , it was purchased from Dell so I do n't know who the manufacturer is . When I got the product home first off I noticed a cord , the box says cordless . The bluetooth transmitter is wired via a USB connection . This irked me quite a bit but I trudged on . I set up the mouse and keyboard according to the instructions and lo and behold there is another wire needed to recharge the mouse since the batteries are n't replaceable . It says cordless on the box but there are the same number of cords on this cordless device as my old set up and the new cords are bigger . I guess I should have researched my purchase . Another thing that really irks me is that you have to have your original version of windows handy to install the Logitech software . This thing is going back in the box and going back . This product was packaged very deceptively , I will no longer purchase anything from this manufacturer since they lack integrity in their marketing practices . Their customer service hotline is n't so hot either , I spent 10 minutes on hold and was disconnected . It infuriates me at how much poor product and service we are subjected to .
 The keyboard and mouse setup okay with VISTA . It works with my PC and software but I have no idea how the setup for the special keys work . Logitech did not send a manual with the product nor was there one on the CD that came with it . So , I seached Logitech 's web page and there is no manual there for download either.I find this completely unacceptable for a hardware company to sell their products without any instructions for the user . I put this out there for you to consider when you are considering buying this item .
 So , I purchased this off amazon.com about three months ago , because my beautiful and amazing Logitech MX3000 keyboard mouse set got a cup of orange juice spilled on it . THANKS HONEY ! Anyway , I thought , `` well , the MX5000 is higher in number so it must be better . '' WWWWWWWWWWRRRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MX5000 IS THE BIGGEST PIECE OF DUNG I HAVE EVER BOUGHT IN MY LIFE ! As I mentioned I gave it three months , but I wish to God I had just gone with a new MX3000 keyboard ... WHICH I JUST PURCHASED !!!! Anyway , if you do not want to waste your money , and want to avoid frustrations that could cause extreme headaches , or broken knuckles from punching the wall ... DO N'T BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP !!!!!
 `` Easy & quick setup '' my butt.The instructions suck . There barely are any to start with and what there is are apparently incorrect . No decent documentation or support.I finally got it set up after over 3 hours straight . We 'll see if it was worth it now .
 Its Bluetooth connection loses very often , once every half hour or so . And when the connection is lost , there 's no way to reconnect except for waiting for it to recover itself in a minute or two . -LRB- As I 'm typing this review , I lost my keyboard connection once ... -RRB-
 the MX1000 mouse is solid . that is the only positive about this product . the keyboard lags considerably . sometimes , like right now , I 'm typing about two words ahead . It randomly disconnects , at the most inconvenient times . the software is annoying and complicated . it alt + tabs by itself about every half an hour ... also , very annoying . i hate this desktop . it is way too expensive , and it just plain does n't work . bluetooth technology sucks . stick with wires until the technology gets better .
 This hardware is well-made and I have heard very good things about the non-bluetooth version of the mouse . When it 's connected and working , it does its job very well . Unfortuntately the MX5000 set suffers from some very poorly made software that makes it very difficult to use effectively . At seemingly random intervals , the mouse will start lagging or stop altogether . If this happens during gameplay , you 're in a bad way . The keyboard also suffers from a truly annoying bug . When it comes off of its sleep state , it will double the first key you press . I have also had the keyboard just reset out of the blue . Add in that the SetPoint software for the LCD screen only fully works with two pieces of software -LRB- MusicMatch and Windows Messenger -RRB- , and you have a very disappointing desktop package . The MX1000 is a great mouse on its own , but stay away from this Bluetooth combo . It is unstable and very frustrating to use .
 Occasionally , the price of an item has absolutely no relation to it 's quality . This is one of those instances . This keyboard/mouse combo is rediculously unreliable and frustrating . Two main problems
 Pros : * Bluetooth with included dongle * Nice feeling keyboard * Laser mouse * On/Off for mouse/keyboardCons : * Less responsive keys and mouse action than wired G5 and G15 * Horrible for gaming * Non user replaceable battery pack ?!?! What gives there ? * Too honkin expensive for what it is !!! * Can we get rid of the mouse docking cradles already ? A simple A-B USB cable would be great . I have a whole desk full of proprietary logitech peripheral chargers and cables . Streamline and standardize please guys ... * Logitech software is a resource hog and too intrusive - I do n't even install it it anymore * Media key on the left hand side is WAY too touchy - launching media player at the most inopportune times -LRB- i.e. while killin ' fools in BF 2142 or while raiding in WoW -RRB- * Useless LCD `` feature '' - who looks at their keyboard for information?To sum up , for the asking price on this system , Logitech should do much better . This was given to me as a gift , so I ca n't return it , but I would have rather had a G5 mouse and a Saitek Eclipse II keyboard for about the same scratch . You 're slippin ' Logitech !
 I 'm a seasoned user of the Logitech Laser combos
 There must be SOME system this mouse/keyboard works with , but it 's not mine . I could not discern much of a relationship between the mouse movement and the cursor position on my monitor . The techs said I should move my wireless router 6 ' away from the USB Bluetooth connector . Okay . But that did n't help . Then they said I should move the mouse and keyboard at least a foot away from my flat panel monitor -LRB- ViewSonic -RRB- . Okay , but cursor still wild . They said move the mouse 3 feet away from the monitor and put a white sheet of paper under it . Oh , THERE 'S an ergonomically appropriate position for word processing . But hey , I gave it a whirl . Still the cursor ran wild , locked up , or just disappeared off the edge of the screen for minutes at a time . So the helpful folk at Logitech finally suggested I move the mouse and keyboard several hundred miles away from my flat panel monitor ... so back it goes . Pfffttttt.So who would be buying a bluetooth mouse/keyboard combo ? You 'd think it would be folks who love the latest , greatest gadgets . Oddly , Lotitech 's target market appears to be folks with no LAN who have enormous CRT monitors that they can see from across the room where they 're poised with mouse and keyboard in their laps . Go figure .
 I bought this piece of junk today and will be returning it tomorrow.I 've used logitech mouses and keyboards and found them good products but this MX5000 is at best apiece of junk . Blue tooth sorta , kinda recognizes the key board and then it does n't at all . The delay in the key board , the locking up of the mouse is intolerable.While Logitech does make good stuff , this thing is crap . Do n't buy it and waste your time and money . Logitech MX 5000 is a bad piece of hardware . To call it junk is being kind . Useless is the best I can say about it .
 Total pain to get bluetooth recognized . Keybrd/mouse IMMPOSIBLE to connect sometimes , still need to leave corded mouse/keygrd connected to enable the Logitech combo . Tech support is a JOKE because the reply form wo n't allow you to enter your phone # because of a bug in the software . I 'll use it til I get sick of it then I 'll throw it out , its not even wasting my time to return
 I find that most of the prior criticisms are accurate . Most of the cool extras , the media sliders , the little screen , etc. are `` gimmicks '' that do n't work properly and offer little functionality . The keyboard has a nice feel once you get used to it , but if you let it sit for more then 5 minutes , it must go into some kind of battery conservation mode and when you type something it repeats the first letter keyed . I have not been able to find and disable this `` feature '' . The chief problem is the mouse . I simply have never had a Bluetooth Wireless device that really worked . The mouse inexplicitly hangs and stops working . This problem will continue for seconds or minutes at a time . Sometimes you must open the mouse software and fiddle with the connection settings . The mouse also is heavy and feels blocky in my hand . That 's a personal preference though.The unit does look great however , and if you rank style over substance you might like it . If you are like me and are trying to get as much done in as little time as possible , having to stop and fiddle with something as simple as a mouse is unacceptable.Finally , be careful installing the included software . It includes a lot of unnecessary and undesirable media software which wants to run in the background , bog down your system , and continually try to direct you to Logitech pay sites .
 First MX5000 Desktop never would connect . Installation instructions were overly simplistic and incomplete for today 's environment of firewalls and realtime ad-ware detection software . Replacement shipment arrived promptly . Installation occurred without incident and both the mouse and keyboard connected without incident . The MX1000 laser mouse is terrific , but the keyboard has some issues . After the keyboard is idle for a period , it 's like it has to `` wake-up '' when you begin typing . Not only is the display of the first key entered delayed , but most of the time this first keystroke is duplicated - enter ` A ' as the first keystroke and frequently ` AA ' is the input displayed . Hopefully , Logitech will issue a patch for this issue .
 I have been waiting for a bluetooth Logitech combo to use with my laptop/docking station . I currently use a wired keyboard and MX3100 cordless mouse . The 3100 loses its connection on occasion and therefore I was hopeful for a less flakey replacement . The MX5000 does not work with my laptop Windows 2000 , which I ultimately found on the box . So , I used it on my home XP system . It performed o.k. , for a while . Within a couple of hours , it lost connection and was only recoverable by removing and replacing the USB dongle -LRB- transceiver -RRB- that came with it . This is unacceptable to me , so I am returning it . I am using the Microsoft bluetooth keyboard without the same problem , but would rather use a Logitech .
 I bought this keyboard and had intermittent lag problems . I 'd hit a key and sometimes see up to a second before the keystroke was recognized by Windows . Plus , every few keystrokes would repeat a dozen or more times , so a sentence could look like this : Hellllllllllllllo Worrrrrrrld.I spent a couple of hours on the phone with support reps over a number of calls . Finally , I was told that a ` product specialist ' would contact me to help solve my problem . He called once while I was out , and I was never able to get ahold of him again during two weeks of trying . I finally gave up and returned the whole thing.As a keyboard , though , it was great when it worked . I think the touch controls are a bit too gimmicky . I 'd much rather have larger physical buttons for play/pause/stop / next/prev , and I found that my left pinky often hit the ` mute ' button accidentally.The MX1000 mouse , though , worked perfectly for me all along and was a really great mouse . The battery level indicator was a welcome change from my old mx700 -LRB- which just had a low battery LED -RRB- .
 I have used this product for a while now and really like the quality of the product . Good feel and accuracy.However I would not recommend this product because ; a -RRB- the drivers are unstable/unreliable , and without using the Logitech drivers the keyboard tends to double write the first character you type . The mouse displays an occasional `` lock '' where it will not move at all - which might be driver related as well.b -RRB- the mouse has a build-in battery pack , so if you forget to charge it , you 're toast and will not be able to use the mouse until the battery is recharged -LRB- this will take a while -RRB- . Exchangable AA batteries -LRB- like other Logitech models have -RRB- would have been better.c -RRB- Logitech support is very poor on the subject -LRB- in the past 4 months NOTHING has changed from their end -RRB- .
 This product is on back order , it 's approaching a month since the order was placed with Office Depot -LRB- Computer4sure.com -RRB- . I 'm thinking about cancelling it .
 The keyboard works great , but you have to have the bluetooth adapter in front of the PC or you dont get a good enough signal and the Mouse lags . also have problems the the mouse doesnt recognize until after logged into Windows XP .
 This keyboard has entered 2 of the first entry 's since I bought it . No corrective action from the MFG . Have re-loaded the software several times with no correction . Finaly have retired it to the garage and am using my old keyboard . THIS STINKS .
 Not that it matters to most people since some reviewers are idiots and still tout that they are MCSE or whatever , but I am actually a Computer Support Specialist/Tech and have owned the MX5000 for about a month now . Where I work , our sister computer department 's Senior Technicians and Director use the MX5000 . The director -LRB- who seems to know everything from Ghost multi-casting with PXE , to VB , to administering Active Directory -RRB- hates this set . Take that as you wish.INSTALLATION : Test system 1 : - Dell Optiplex GX280 -LRB- USB keyboard & mouse - only - -LSB- no ps/2 -RSB- -RRB- - P4 3.4Ghz-1GB DDR RAM-USB 2.0-SATA-I 80GB HDD-onboard audio-onboard video-Windows XP Pro SP2-using Logitech 's included Bluetooth drivers -LRB- you can choose the Windows Bluetooth or the Logitech drivers upon installation -RRB- - Setpoint v2 .46 cTest system 2 : - Epox 8krai mobo-Athlon xp 3200 + -1 GB DDR RAM-USB 2.0-SATA-I 250GB HDD-Creative Labs SoundBlaster Audigy2 NX USB-ATI Radeon 9600XT-Windows XP Pro SP2-currently using the Windows Bluetooth driver.-Setpoint v2 .46 c upgraded to v2 .60 build 606 - -LRB- previously used Logitech Wireless RF mouse and keyboard -RRB- I first installed this set at work -LRB- test system 1 -RRB- with the default/reccomended settings . The intallation guide/sheet is easy to follow but is not comprehensive , and has a pathetic troubleshooting section which is incredibly lacking as your set probably wo n't work on the first shot . This set desperately needs a real -LRB- exhaustive -RRB- manual.Following the instructions , I installed my set on the Dell . It did n't work without fighting with it . I ended up using Remote Desktop from another machine to get it working , lol . If you have any system monitoring software like Kerio Personal Firewall , WinPatrol , CyberHawk , MS AntiSpyware/Defender , InstallWatch , Spybot Search & Destroy 's ` Tea Timer ' , or SafetyNet running , for the love of sanity -LRB- your 's -RRB- turn them off ! and keep them from running on boot untill you get your set properly installed . -RRB- You should also keep your old corded keyboard and mouse -LRB- preferably USB -RRB- on hand so you can use them in tandem with the MX5000 for when you have issues , and especially since Setpoint -LRB- even the new one -RRB- will crash on occasion and you 'll otherwise have to do a hard reset.At work I had the Dell GX280 sitting on my desk right next to my monitor and keyboard/mouse . I 'll get back to this point as it is significant . The one issue I had was the keyboard and/or mouse would fail to work after reboot and i would have to do the step-by-step turn off , turn off , unplug , plug , turn on , connect , turn on , connect , dance every reboot . This did n't bother me because i leave my systems on usually so i did n't mind . I did later though because energy rates are flying skyhigh soon and i need to be able to put my PC to sleep . The Setpoint 2.60 build 606 seems to fix that issue coming out of hibernation , boot , or stand by , at least if you use the Windows Bluetooth driver.I liked the set after a days use and decided to buy it since my old RF set was showing it 's age . -LRB- and i really liked the mouse ! -RRB- At home i ran into setup hell as i have every free system monitoring software known to man on my box because i 'm anal about being 100 % malware/spyware free . What happened was that my softwares asked permission to run like 10 different actions from Setpoint and at the time only my keyboard was working and i couldnt navigate to the all the pop-up boxes and click allow on everything before actions were blocked . So again , turn them off!After that nightmare i would not only get flaky connections coming out of hibernate , standby , or from a reboot , but also from just logging back into my system from the logon screen . Again , fixed in latest Setpoint at least when using the Windows BT drivers . I keep saying this because i have n't tried the included drivers with the new Setpoint version , only with the older revision . The Setpoint install will give you an option to choose the Windows or Logitech Bluetooth driver , it will recommend the Logitech one over the one included with Windows , do n't listen to it , choose the Windows driver for sanity 's sake.You had also better be prepared to download and install the massive 100MB + Setpoint update . I feel bad for you 56K-ers i really do . Go ahead and download the update , i 'll be here tomorrow for you buddy ... . Back ? ok . Now you should be all setup and working ok.The last two things that annoyed me to no end was that the keyboard needed to type a 4 digit security key into Setpoint before it worked , and i could n't enter the CMOS settings on boot up initially . Sometimes the keyboard filled out the security code automatically , sometimes it did n't . The Director 's set from our sister department would n't even let him type in the code at one point . Bad design.Btw , Setpoint uses 20MB of RAM . This is far too hefty and should be 1/4 that , especially for something that - should - be basically usable with little more than a PnP USB driver.CONFIGURATION : The Setpoint software allows you to configure your MX5000 set fairly well but it is far from a modder 's wet dream . Some of you may be thinking that since it 's the same LCD as the Logitech G15 gamers keyboard , that you can use something like LCDStudio to mod your LCD screen , not . Although , it does let you completely re-configure the default application launch hotkeys and does an impressively good job at figuring out how to execute play , stop , next back , on the touch pad for your media player regardless of what it is -LRB- it works with foobar2000 ! -RRB- Unfortunately , the volume touch slider needs work -LSB- and it wo n't work with foobar2000 ;-LRB- -RSB- , it 's not sensitive enough and you have to stroke it several times to increase your volume . There should be a sensitivity setting for it . There should also be a button on the keyboard that lets you disable the touch sliders and buttons , i 've accidentally launched my media player or muted my sound before.Another thing is that the LCD display critically fails at scrolling the song currently playing . It doesnt see but the comment that would scroll in Winamp to the right of the vizualisation . Dude , ID3v1/2 please ! and get it to actually SCROLL and only one way or let me configure how it acts , not half the comment back and forth * sigh * . Another LCD annoyance is that if you leave Outlook open and the LCD displays the subject of your latest e-mail , it wo n't go away on the LCD if you read that e-mail , you have to clear it on the keyboard ... Kind of dumb . They should at least have the keyboard clear the message after a selectable period of time if they do n't want to break out the Outlook API book.GENERAL USEAGE : - keyboardThe Keyboard is nice with lots of spiffy configurable buttons . It 's quiet and the lettering uses a sweet font . It also looks just plain sexy . The LCD is very cool even with the couple of annoying niggles i have with it . I would have liked a higher resolution LCD with a configurable display font but ohwell.But thank goodness Logitech moved the fraking Insert button ! I do n't know how many times i 've accidentally hit the Insert button after an attempted backspace hit or a delete hit.The Numlock and Scroll Lock buttons have been removed . Numlock is now perpetually on.They made the delete key bigger which was a good idea , but they shuffled the home , end , and page up/down keys . This put a kink in my usage for a bit untill i got used to it . I use the home and end keys a lot.-mouseThe first thing i noticed about the mouse was that it was amazingly comfortable to grab -LRB- yay ! -RRB- and also heavy -LRB- boo -RRB- . But the scroll wheel was awesomely sensitive and easy rolling and the cruise button was a godsend . Sidescroll is cool as well but I havnt used it yet :-P . The application switcher is nice to have because you can configure it for other things but Alt-Tab with the Windows TaskSwitcher Powertoy does the same job better.The first thing that annoyed me was that the mouse was almost completely discharged out of the box so I had to leave it on the charger after setting it up and had to wait to play and tinker . The Keyboard on the other hand uses good ol' AA batts so the lights were all green for that one . The mouse battery is an internal rechargable Li-Ion but you ca n't really take it out . There are screws in the thing so if you have to you can get into the guts for a coke accident rescue or something , but they are under the glide feet and the underside label which is annoying . Why could n't they have used 2 AA and 1 AAA , or 3 AAA Ni-MH ? It 's already heavy , if they arent going to lighten it up why not use standard -LRB- replaceable -RRB- batts for the same weight ? Senseless . The mouse battery life is short because it uses a laser but just cradle it at the end of your day and it will be fine.But There is one huge , glaring usage issue above all else that Logitech skimped on with this set . The Bluetooth reciever that comes with the MX5000 is absolutely craptastic . The effective range is less than 3 feet . For weeks I tried to figure out why my mouse was lagging half the time , i initially dismissed the range issue because i knew that even crummy type 1 Bluetooth recievers had a 33ft max range and even Logitech says up to 30ft range with this set , not . Remember before when i said that i had this set right next to the PC at work ? At home my PC is on the floor on my left side with my mouse on my right . There is approx 4ft between the back of my PC -LRB- where my USB ports are -RRB- and the mouse . The other day I moved my mouse closer to the PC and it stopped lagging . Today i bought a USB cable extender and now my mouse works just dandy as it is now within 2ft of the reciever . If Logitech is going to give you a crummy weak reciever they should at least give you a USB extender like Belkin does with their cheap reciever . I also want to note that there are no other wireless devices nor a wireless network in proximity to my stuff , so the < 3ft effective distance is quite realistic.It would have been nice if ... : - The LCD was backlit and was of higher rez-The LCD could recognize True Type Fonts-Setpoint was written in C++ - Setpoint had a smaller memory footprintSUMMARY : Good :1 . Good number of features and configurable settings2 . Wireless3 . Coolness factor4 . 1600 dpi resolution mouse -LRB- holy crap ! -RRB- 5 . Molded mouse with the best scrolling ever .6 . A sexy , quiet , slim keyboard with sleek lettering and layout .7 . They moved the Insert button8 . Numlock is always onNeutral :1 . Scroll Lock no longer exists2 . The Keyboard and mouse go into a low power mode after inactivity and it takes about 1-2 seconds for the mouse to wake up . The Keyboard may double type the first character typed coming out of low power mode . This is fine but should be selectable to turn off this mode.Bad :1 . Setpoint software out-of-box is beta 1 build quality at best .2 . The included Logitech BT driver is not as reliable as the Windows XP driver .3 . The needed Setpoint update is massive -LRB- over 100MB -RRB- .4 . Setpoint can occasionally crash randomly5 . The Bluetooth reciever range is pathetic and unacceptable .6 . Devices as critical as these should only rarely flake out , these do so too often .7 . It should have basic functionality of standard keys ALWAYS8 . Broken curently playing display9 . E-mail recieved message with subject wo n't go away after read or after a set period of time without canceling on the keyboard .10 . You ca n't mod the LCD display because Logitech are pricks and wo n't release an SDK like they did with the G15 .11 . Volume touch slider not sensitive or adjustable .12 . Ca n't turn off touch capability from keyboard .13 . You should n't have to type a security code when connecting.The MX5000 has both good and bad points . Unfortunately , for me i feel that there is no overall benefit for purchasing this set instead of regular wireless which I had used previously with nary a single glitch -LRB- and it was cheaper -RRB- . FOR THE AVERAGE COMPUTER USER i would definitely - not - reccomend this set . It is rife with frustrations trying to get it working consistently that would make most people want to throw it out of the window . Most people do n't even know how to right-click or use the print screen button , this is too complicated.MY RECOMMENDATION : Wait for the next model
 Logitech 's website touts this keyboard / mouse combo goes up to 60 ' . That 's a joke at best.After constant problems I went to their user groups for help . All I found was a nearly year long thread about problems with the mouse . Some about the keyboard , too.On the mouse page for the included MX1000 , it plainly states 6 ' for distance . If you 're lucky maybe you 'll get 7 if it 's perfect line of site with no interfernce . Otherwise , if it connects , the mouse cursor is erratic and floats all over the place on its own.I bought the set for a PC in the family room at 20 ' distance in direct site . In this scenario the mouse wo n't even connect and the keyboard is often erract with pauses and such.I even tried three other Logitech cordless mice I have and none work more than about 5 ' . What good is Bluetooth or cordless RF if you have to use a USB exgtention cable to get the stupid receiver close enough to make a connection?Sony 's new wireless keyboard and mouse work very well in the indetical situation.Logitech should issue everyone that bought one their money back and apologize for their junk and false claims !
 I purchased this case hoping that it would fit my Magellan 3225 . It does not . Do not buy this item for the Megallan 3225 . It is about 1/2 inch too wide and does not provide any protection on the sides . A complete waste of money .
 This pouchMagellan 980905 Protective Pouch for RoadMate 2000 / 2200T / and Crossover GPSprovides the same function as the pouch that comes with the Crossover GPS.Magellan Crossover 3.5-Inch Portable GPS Road and Trail NavigatorIt is completely unnecessary . Do n't waste your money . I want a pouch that holds all of the accessories packaged with the Crossover , home and car charger , auto mount , etc Deluxe Hard Shell Travel Carrying Case with Strap for Portable Handheld - Car GPS Navigator MAGELLAN Crossover GPS Explorist 100-600 Maestro 400404040503100 3140 RoadMate 200225030506000 Triton 200300400500 - to hold unit , adapters , memory cards ... This pouch holds only the Crossover itself . As it is , it is completely useless because the Crossover comes with a similar pouch .
 It 's a mag closure pouch & the first time I used it I had to completely factory reset my Crossover GPS . That was also the last time I used it . It is n't water sealed , there are 2 openings at the top as if it was letting out the antenna or something . Just my 2 cents - Otherwise it seems useful as a belt pouch for something but not my GPS.l
 I bought this camera in April 2006 and it was great ! However , in July it just stopped taking picures ; the camera would come one and all the functions worked , but you ca n't see anything on the LCD screen - it was black . When you tried to take a picture it would flash , but the picture itself was black and it still had the specs & time stamp on the black picture . It was like it taking picutres with a lens cap on - but it does n't have a lens cap - which makes me think its somesort of an internal shutter problem . Anyway I took it back to the store and exchanged it for the same exact camera . Guess What ?!!? The new one only lasted ONE WEEK !!! It had the SAME EXACT PROBLEM ~ ~ What are the chances that this problem happens to me twice ? Now , unfortunately I have lost my receipt , I have to mail my two week old camera off to VIVITAR - where hopefully they will fix it or perhaps I can try out another . DO N'T waste your time or money there are other cameras that are much much better ! The only reason I decided on this camera to begin with , was the large viewing screen , functions , video & it was easy to work.Oh . . BTW . . If you use RECHARGEABLE camera batteries you can save money on the regular Double A. . the batteries do n't last long !
 I received this lens as part of a package on eBay , along with a Canon XTi . On paper it looked to be better than the Canon kit lens.The image quality is nice although not outstanding . The real gripe I have is that the auto focus is nearly useless . Most of the time , the focus is off just enough that the photo is too soft to be usable . -LRB- By `` soft '' , I mean `` out of focus '' . I know the difference between soft and short DOF . -RRB- Occasionally -LRB- maybe 10 % of the time -RRB- the AF will go into what I call `` thrashing . '' It will get near the correct focus and then it will jitter back and forth focusing just a bit close then too far , never settling on anything . I 'm looking to unload it on eBay , but I doubt I will get enough money to make it worth the effort .
 If you have Win XP sp2 DO NOT BUY ANY SANDISK READER !!! I recieved this reader for a Christmas present2 days ago -LRB- I opened it early -RRB- , and I tried to install it on my computer -LRB- win XP with service Pack 2 -RRB- . It refused to install correctly so I emailed SanDisk support and they finally told me that NONE of thier memory card readers will work with sp2 . The problem is that the information is n't available anywhere on thier site or in any ad !!! Now AMAZON wants to charge me for returning this useless reader that I had no way of knowing was n't supported on sp2.All the info available for SanDisk readers say that they will work with Win XP and there is NO mention of sp2 .
 This is one product I do NOT recommend to Mac owners , or PC owners for that matter , as it failed after only 1-year 's light use , right after the OEM 1-year warranty had expired . I called SanDisk about it , and they simply said `` you 're SOL on this , since there 's no warranty after 1-year . '' It failed during the 9th month , but I just kept putting off calling SanDisk about it and waited too long . What happened ? The `` docking system '' failed , that 's what , ie the card reader fits into a `` dock '' with a Mini-USB connector for the card reader , and after 9 months use that connection failed . Why ? I do n't know why . Either the USB connector has a short in it , is defective , or the port on the card reader has a problem . Either way , the reader would n't stay connected to the power supply , rendering it useless . So I think that the design of this unit is poorly thought out for long-term use , especially if you 're using the device with multiple computer systems as I was , constantly docking and removing the reader from the power system . I ended up buying the Belkin 15-N-1 card reader as a replacement , and highly recommend it over this SanDisk card reader ... see my review on it and you can read why it 's a better card reader system . In any case , I give this unit a 1 , and in fact it deserves a 0 , but Amazon does n't allow you to give anything a ZERO rating . I hate throwing things away , but that 's what I did with the SanDisk reader because it was simply useless after the docking issue became permanent , rendering the product unusable .
 I use this in conjunction with the SanDisk Ultra II 2.0 GB compact flash card.I like it , but the flash card does n't slide in easily . Sometimes it get stuck halfway , as if the unit has not been designed properly and the sliders for the card offer enough give to slide the card to the left or right of the pins.To add insult to injury , both the reader and flash card are manufactured by SanDisk . Therefore , they SHOULD work seamlessly together , but pathetically , they do n't . I 'd much rather pay more for a reader that worked great , rather than save a few dollars for a reader that makes you work every time you use the thing.For comparison , my camera accepts the card perfectly . There is no give at all , but instead is an effortless process.Not a quality reader.Other than that , it works as expected . Surprisingly , the reader does n't topple over as easily as I thought it would . It stands vertically and looks like it might fall over when trying to slide the card in . Sliding the card in a 2 handed process , so one hand holds the unit while the other slides it in.Removing the card is extremely easy . That 's a one-handed process . `` Eject '' the card from the PC 's drive and then remove it.Data transfer from the card to PC is very quick.Overall , I 'm glad to have it , but it 's an annoyance to use it . I hate the card getting stuck halfway in the reader .
 I purchsed the reader from Costco about 5 month ago . I been using Lexar 512M CF and 256M kingston cards . It worked fine most of the time , once in while power LED goes off and had to wiggle the cable to make it work , until last week . The LED would n't come on and reader is not recognized , so I retruned to costco and got my money back -LRB- good thing it was from Costco -RRB- . I als but sandisk 256mb USB2 .0 key and that also failed on me . so far Sandisk makes good POS that has failed 2/2 .
 The thing worked for about a week and then quit - Some cards read and others do n't . I had to quit using it altogether . I have had good luck with SanDisk products in the past but this one is a bomb . Buy something else .
 I bought this product several month ago from Amazon.com . It came with a $ 20 rebate . I filled out the rebate exactly as described . I was told the rebate would arrive within 12 weeks . Instead I got a form letter telling me that the rebate was n't accepted . When I called to ask why I was hung up on repeatedly . They never would give me a reason . Tech support is TERRIBLE . This company is dishonest . Avoid at all costs .
 It did not work for me ... possibly because I have Win . 98 SE . San Disk 's tech support spent some time trying to help . Some possible reasons they gave for the problem were
 This Sandisk Reader freezes my computer everytime I plug in a memory card to download . I thought it might be my computer so I reloaded the drivers and tried again . Same problem ! I thought it might be my ME operating system so I tried it on an XP computer . Same problem ! I called Sandisk and they said they would send me a FEDEX box to return it in . That was 8 days ago and still no return box . They also said it would take 7 -10 after they got it back . It looks like I 'm looking at being without a memory card reader for at least a month . Next time I 'm not buying electronics mail order . I 'm buying from a local store where I can return the piece of junk the next day and buy one that works so I can get on with my life .
 The is perhaps the lease durable item I have purchased in 40 years . It lights up just fine , and it is a reassuring led gold , but it refuses to do anything with my xd card . It worked just fine for 3-4 days , then erased about 100 photos , all of them irreplaceable . Cheap yes , but Cheap Junk .
 I 've attached the device to a USB -LRB- not 2.0 -RRB- port on the computer . It worked OK as far as double-checking that some SD media was properly formatted when bought new . It 's nice to have the multiple slots per memory type.However , there are occasional `` Unsafe device removal '' pop-up dialog boxes from Windows . Something needs to be corrected in the hardware or software.windowsupdate.microsoft.com indicates that my PC is up-to-date . So , that 's not the fix .
 Do n't bother buying it since it is discontinued from the manufacturer . Plus , this does n't work out of the box . Junk .
 High capacity SD disks are very popular , I can not belive any multi-card reader does not have the ability to read these cards .
 My computer does n't recognize the remote . Ever . Complete waste of money . I paid a lot of money at the time , not it 's significantly less expensive . Junk is junk .
 This remote can only be set up via a connection to your computer . Which would be fine , except that it needs drivers for Windows Vista to recognize it . Which would also be fine if the CD that came with it had the drivers on it , or you could download it from Sony 's website.You ca n't do either.So now , I have a remote control that I ca n't program . So it ca n't recognize any of the new home theater components I bought . When I first programmed it -LRB- on Windows XP -RRB- , it worked fine . SO I guess if you 're one of the 3 people in America who still run XP , this remote would be great for you . Otherwise , look somewhere else .
 Too cheap to return . It is collecting dust , since I need to use native remotes anyway . Every time you need to do anything besides very basic functions you need original remotes . Macros do not work very well , especially TV input switching and I have a Sony TV : -RRB-
 This remote is not compatable with windows vista and no software upgrades avalable so if you are running windows vista dont waste your time and money .
 does not change inputs on sony es receiver . all my equipment is sony . does not learn from high end receivers or all hdmi . software not updated and is outdated . I 'm staying with my previous harmony for now .
 The Sony RM AX1400 is a real dog to program . I am still working on my third reiteration of programming . It works okay if nothing gets out of sync , but it does get out of sync and you almost have to resort to the remotes you are trying to replace to get it working again . If you enjoy a real challange , this is it .
 I totally agree with the prior review about the bad feel of this remote . It is very wide in your hand and has sharp edges . The most frequently used buttons start to wear on you fingers as well.What I find is that the signal is fairly weak . So , you have to press each button multiple times and for a long time to get most devices to react well -LRB- and I have all Sony gear -RRB- . The software did have a learning curve , but does work okay . The wizard that it takes you through is worthless . It needs you to fully define every button you may use in your lifetime upfront or it errors out and can not proceed . I finally added a bunch of fake information just to get around the stupid thing . Once you get to the actual application , it is fairly straightforward and you can set it up fine.Pros
 Does Sony bother with any form of quality control these days ? Used to be that I could pick up a product with the Sony brand printed on it and rest assured that it was just plain better than all the rest . This product , however , seems to have been designed by a committee of brain-damaged chimpanzees . Very little about this remote control works the way you would expect it to . Not to worry , it has software that allows you to program it yourself . Unfortunately , the software appears to not have warranted the attention of the chimp committee and was most likely outsourced to the same 1000 Monkeys with Typewriters who are hard at work trying to rewrite Shakespeare.I could restrain my anger at this point and give details about exactly what does n't work in the software , but hey , the original authors did n't have time for something so unneccessary as logic , so it 's all good , right ? Suffice to say that your thoughts will quickly turn to why you did n't just spend 90 % less on one of the simple , cheap learning remotes at the store . Should you be a raving masochist and dig in to FORCE the darned thing to behave the way you want it to , fear not , because some essential function will mysteriously cease working , and you can always go back to the software to have fun reading the useless hieroglyphics the unit has turned your learned function codes into . -LRB- Allow me one vent here - if the product LEARNED a code from a remote I already owned , and I assigned it to a button , how then , mere minutes later can said learned code be `` INVALID '' ... !?????!!! -RRB- . Seriously , save your money and blood pressure , get some exercise , and operate your electronics by walking up to them and using your fingers .
 This purchase led to a major disappointment in the product , the Sony Website , and Sony Customer `` Support '' . The Sony Website said the Sony RM-AX1400 was compatible with my Sony TV . -LRB- I went to sonystyle.com and used their search function , entering the model of my TV & `` Remote Control '' . The RM-AX1400 showed up in the list -LRB- of 3 items -RRB- . I clicked on the RM-AX1400 and opened the product description page . I then selected the `` Compatibility '' tab on the RM-AX1400 page , and confirmed that it listed my model Sony TV in the compatibility list . Sounds good ... I ordered the Sony RM-AX1400 . I received the RM-AX1400 a few days later , and as other reviews have stated , the product is useless unless you set it up with the included software . So , I installed the software , only to find that it asks you to use the `` original '' remote to program the RM-AX1400 . If you do n't have the original remote , you can choose the `` Brand '' of TV -LRB- i.e. `` Sony -RRB- , but that did n't work . The Website does n't say that you must have the original remote for the RM-AX1400 to be compatible with the Sony TV Listed on the `` Compatibility '' page , so I called Sony , thinking their Customer Service could walk me through this . After several calls , talking to different levels of support and managers , Sony confirmed that the Sony RM-AX1400 was not compatible with the Sony TV which was listed as compatible on the Sony Website , UNLESS you have the original remote . When I asked why their website said it was compatible without stating you had to have the original remote , I was told that by the support assistant that he did n't know who did the website . I talked to a manager , and was able to get a `` sincere apology . '' I wo n't draw any conclusions about deceptive advertising , I will just state the Facts
 Pros
 A very power and feature packed remote . I enjoy a challenge , but this remote is testing my limits . First of all I had to track down the web site and download the most recent software and firmware , otherwise it would not recognize 3 of my four remotes . I spent several hours trying different combinations and time delays for the express settings . The express buttons are supposed to turn on or off all components with one button push . Sometimes it works , but most of the time not . I may be able to spend some more time and tweak it to the point it may sort of work . It just does n't have enough buttons to control all the features and options of the original remotes . I still have to pick up the original remote way too often . I does do the very basic operations of all the remotes I have programed . I did n't even check in to the Harmony remote because of the cost , but I am thinking now my time and frustration are worth quite a bit .
 I purchased this remote because I needed one to control all my products , and because it was much cheaper then other remotes that did the same thing . I guess you get what you pay for . This remote is far too hard to program I made a mistake going through the program and I can not figure out how to go back . It will NOT control 2-3-4 things with one button , and you can not delete any comands or start over again . I will dump this in the box of unused remotes I was trying to replace when I brought this , and keep looking . I definity do not recomend this product .
 I bought this item last night and tried to program it and it 's a nightmare . The software is more difficult to use than Logitech 's . I was going to return it tonight after work by the Philips touch screen model , but no one sells it around me . Anyway , I called Sony Tech SUpport and they assured me that they can help me this evening over the phone . Also , Chrisell 's review is just about the most helpful review I 've ever seen posted anywhere about anything . Even if Sony ca n't help me , Chrisell provided enough information that I think I can get it working . I 'll post again after I see what happens tonight .
 I could not find a data for Go DVD/Video Recorder and none for cable company 's hard dirve recorder . I tried teaching functions but does not have that function other than set data .
 I generally agree with the previous reviews on this item ... Pros : - Bright OLED - Decent price - With time , becomes easier to useCons : - Software interface is cumbersome to use -LRB- I recommend laptop in room with your home theater devices when you program -RRB- - Signal is relatively weak -LRB- need to point remote directly at device -RRB- - Not comfortable to hold in hand -LRB- although I do n't hold a remote for long periods of time -RRB- - My wife and son wo n't have anything to do with it!I probably would pass on this if I was to purchase again .
 I am used to punching in a code for each device , and you 're done . Really , what 's wrong with that ? This unit does not recognize any DVD players made by OPPO , the best players available . It also did not recognize my PHILLIPS Directv remote . It recognized my Hitachi TV but only off and on , vol up and down and mute . I upgraded to new Sony software , but still no luck . How many hours do you have to waste ? Obviously , the reason it sells for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks is that its not worth anything . Followup
 Neither one of the two decks I bought would work at all . I had bought an earlier version of the Daewoo deck a few months ago , which work ok , but these wouldnt even turn on after charging all night long . Returned both of them for a refund .
 This looked like a good thing . Tape player , dvd player , use it in you car with tape hookup , rechargeable batteries . The instructions are not very clear , had to look for english . Switching from on to charge is a bit confusing . If you do n't do it exactly right , the batteries do n't charge . The tape connection for the car system does not work at all , which is why I bought it . It is hard to change a disk with one hand too ! The sound is good but not alot of volume with headphones .
 It connects and disconnects.They also lied about that it was capable 2000 . It was not worth the money . Do n't make the same I did .
 The problem with this item is that all the software referenced in the user manual DOES NOT EXIST ! There are two utilities for managing the card that are just not available on the packaged CD or on the D-Link web site . This makes it absolutely worthless for using WPA2-AES encryption . `` Customer Service '' does not care and has stopped responding to my e-mails . Avoid this one !
 I bought these today liking the over the ear and colapsable feature which i was looking for . Absolute garbage . The volume is just not there and the bass is not what the packaging says . They are comfortable but not worth the money . I am extremely dissapointed . I will return them as soon as I can for a full refund or exchange . I advise everyone to stay away from these headphones . They are not good at all !! I give them -5 stars ! 0 stars rating is not offered .
 Surprisingly comfortable , nice design , but ultimately the sound is weak and hollow . Almost no bass . Will turn your favorite music to mush . Steer clear .
 I have had my share of headphones , I had a pair of AiwaHP-X233 's that were roughly the same price as these KOSS UR19s but a headphone blew because I turned on my CD player with max volume on nearly blowing an eardrum and blowing a speaker in my headphones . Anyways thats when I bought the UR19s decent price at BB about 25 bucks , I liked that they were collapsable ... However I had them for a day and realised they played music very softly . . Plugged into my Laptop listening to a DVD I had to crank the volume all the way up to get good sound , likewise with my MP3 player I lost the pair that came with them so I thought these would be a suitable replacement . On my old headphones the sound was good and loud at 20-25 , with these KOSS headphones I had to crank it up to max volume -LRB- 40 ! -RRB- to get decent but sub-par sound . Another complaint I have about these headphones is that instead of the thick Single cord coming out of one side it has the split cord design , which I think is a hassle and gets tangled more often . I am returning these headphones and driving to a different store that sells the KOSS ur20 's I had a pair of those also , much better product in my opinion .
 It was a poor mistake indeed to buy these headphones . Very low volume , no bass , poor sound quality . Its saving grace is its comfort , but I wanted headphones , not earmuffs for the winter . You do n't need to be an audiophile to disregard these cans as worthless . Spend a little more and pick up some Sennheiser Px 100 's or AKG K26P 's or if you like Koss , go with the Porta Pro 's . They 're all about $ 40 - $ 50 , but your ears will thank you for not settling on the terrible UR19 's .
 I 'm only writting this out of spite because I purchased these headphones and sound only comes out of the right channel ... so now I have to make a trip to the store and return them . Judging from the qaulity of the working channel , I can tell that these headpones lack in every way . To think I was about to go for another brand ... dammit .
 I agree with the low reviews . The volume is just not there and the bass is not what the packaging says . They are not worth the money . I am extremely dissapointed . I advise everyone to stay away from these headphones . I have some cheap ear buds that came with my mp3 player that blow away these headphones for both volume and bass .
 THEY WENT OUT FAST , BUT THEY TOLD ME IT 'S MY LIGHT FIXTURE . . IT MAY BE TRUE ... IT 'S AN OLD ONE ... I HAVE N'T TRIED ANOTHER PAIR , YET
 This Subwoofer output is Weak , I had the dial at maximum settings and it is still sounds weak .
 The product is fine , but the shipping costs are astromical . I put in an order and subsequently canceled due shipping costs of $ 25 for a $ 34 dollar order that is lucky to weigh a few ounces.My advise is to not to order from BlueProton till revise their shipping rates .
 I used it for the first time with my Canon HV30 . I then slipped it into the adapter and plugged it into my Laptop card reader . Laptop can not read the card -LRB- unless I am doing something wrong ! -RRB- but it can read my normal Sandisk cards ... hmmmmm
 Mine broke in about 2 months . Not sure why . Would not buy this product again .
 I did n't see it till I got the invoice , but if I would have known it was $ 25 shipping I would have never bothered with this product
 i never got my mini SD card in the mail . it been over week ! i have n't receive it . BAD SERVICE ! i will never order from this person again !
 My computer has a hard time recognizing it and now my phone wo n't detect it . It worked 50 % of the time for about 6 months , but now its dead .
 I bought the mini card to work in a smart phone . The mini card worked fine . I had a problem when I plugged the mini card into the regular sized case that comes with it . When connected together like this , the card could not be read . I would/should have returned it . I found that a new computer I bought had a mini card reader built in . So , I was able to read the card without going to the trouble .
 Purchased on march 18th 2007 for my cingular 8125 for $ 24.00 shipped . Once put in there never removed . Died on feb. 10 , 2008 . In less than a year . All files , songs , downloaded software gone .
 When I received the battery I charged it per normal but it did not hold the charge . Subsequent attempts to charge it have failed totally - it just wo n't accept a charge . I have reported the problem to Lenmar per their Warranty procedure but have not yet heard back from them . I will have to purchase another brand and would suggest others do the same initially .
 Impossible to connect or network with windows 7 or vista . Printer is not recognized through USB and does not communicate with computers . Tried every possible Action through HP.com .
 The whole reason we bought this printer was because it has Networking built in . However , all jetdirect cards I have used in the past have the STANDARD LPR port and cue . almost all internet printing is doin via LPR . What is the point of having a network based printer if it does n't use the internet defacto-standard LPR?Garbage . Thanks for warning HP . This printer is no better than the Junk multifunction inkjet printers . This printer is NOT for buisnesses .
 I bought an HP 1320N -LRB- -LRB- ... -RRB- on a rebate sale -RRB- which seemed like the perfect printer for my OS9/OSX systems at first . However , in OS9 it did n't work at all with AppleTalk -LRB- via Chooser -RRB- , but when connected via AppleTalk LPR -LRB- using the Desktop Printer Utility -RRB- it went nuts trying to print from Quark Xpress 4.11 -LRB- one of my main programs -RRB- . It would endlessly print a few lines of postscript code on each page from its tray until it was exhausted -LRB- then showed an out of paper error to continue its endless printing -RRB- . Only programs like MS Word would print correctly in the OS9 environment via LPR . In OSX it worked fine using Rendezvous . Then on the sixth day of ownership its network card decided to stop all communication with Rendezvous and even IP printing . I tried re-checking all parameters and settings and finally did resets . No print jobs would complete all the way through pausing at 92 % data transferred with nothing printed . This was ridiculous for a company like Hewlett Packard which long has had an excellent reputation in my mind , especially in the Mac graphics world . The 1320N has ended my favorable opinion of HPs since their model lines above the 1320 were n't competitive with other brands . Also , I 've been noticing several 1320 's -LRB- 3 total -RRB- both regular and N models on display at retail stores showing unrecoverable print errors with their blinking orange LED in the middle of its array . Short of turning it off and on , press any button or open the front toner loader panel and it will still not recover . BTW , they had paper in their paper trays .
 Replacement buds -LRB- the inner ear plastic part -RRB- cost 10.81 plus shipping from JVC and are back ordered.They fall off and get lost in normal use and are unobtainable except from JVC.Buy something else.ZERO STARS .
 Being new to the MP3 world the earbuds that came with our Zen Nano units are our benchmark . We think they are pretty good reproducing our music but they are just a little big for comfort.The improvement in comfort of these JVC buds is not worth the trade off in sound the quality of the original Zen buds.For example the bass line and harmonica riffs are almost non existant in Waylon Jennings music . Not good.They are not as efficient either , the volume level needs to be boosted much , much higher than with the Zen buds.We will send them back .
 I really tried to like this one . On paper it satisfies all of my needs , internal HD that you supply , wireless streaming , USB host and controller interfaces , decent looking tabletop box . Wow , perfect , right?Wrong.In reality after two units I have given up . Neither would connect and acquire IP addresses to any of 3 different wireless routers . Wired it works fine , but the whole point was not to run another cat5 through my house to the stereo . What is the deal D-Link ? Still using those garbage chipsets in the budget equipment that soiled your reputation over the last 5 years ? Get with the program and spring another $ 5 and give us a real receiver!Oh , by the way , the buttons are slower than death and the menu system is occasionally unresponsive . This is both old and new firmware revisions . No playlists supported for the internal drive so you are stuck navigating a huge directory structure , and slowly . Oh , and the screen is five lines high so 500 artist directories makes it futile . I could probably write the firmware in VBasic while blind and get it to work better.All in all a total ripoff considering the failures .
 First , you 'll never get this thing to work wirelessly , reliably . Even sitting in the same room as your wireless router . If it manages a connection , it will have more drop-outs than actual music.If you hook it up with a network cable , it will work better . But there 's still a massive problem . The navigation system is absolutely , incredibly , unbelieveably horrible . If you have more than 20 CDs worth of music on your computer , you 'll never be able to navigate through it because the system is sooooo sloooooow . And ignorant.Let 's say you choose to look by artist . It 'll give you four at a time . You then click the page down button and it 'll slowly give you four more . Let 's assume you have 200 artists . Well , that 's a lot of clicking to get to the Rolling Stones or the Who ! And if , just if , you actually get there then you get to the next problem . You wo n't be given a list of their albums . Just a giant list of their songs with no regards to which album they 're from.So , you might think of searching by album , instead of artist . Okay , let 's say you have 500 albums . Do you really want to slowly click your way down that far , four at a time ? Really , it 'll take you fifteen minutes or so to get to the later albums . Then when you get there , it 'll play the songs alphabetically . No , it wo n't look at the file name -LRB- in case you named with a number up front -RRB- . Forget that . It 'll look at the tag to get the song name and play alphabetically . Stupidly , it wo n't look at the same tags to get the proper order ! The only way around this is to have playlists . But if you search by artist or album , you wo n't get that option.Playlist searching is totally separate . If you have 1000 albums of material then you 'll have to setup 1000 playlists . Then you 'll have to page through them four at a time . Nope , you ca n't pick an artist and then see their playlists.Avoid this thing . I do n't know if I 've ever been so disappointed and disgusted with a product . There 's absolutely no way that they tested it with more than 20 albums . And I 'd be highly surprised if they tested it with more than a couple of wireless routers .
 Thought this was exactly what I needed - mainly for the USB connection for my external hard drive , but also because I have a D-Link router which has worked flawlessly right out of the box.The DSM-120 is a different story , however , and is on it 's way back to TigerDirect as I type . It failed to recognize anything connected to the USB port , except a thumb drive which it would read and then lock up every other track , and then require a re-start . I thought it might be because I had not connected it to my network , so I tried that . Unfortunately it then proceeded to upgrade itself over the internet , and that was the end of that . Bricked ! Buy at your own peril !
 -LRB- See other reviews on the internet for this product also , all complaining of the same problem -RRB- . Plug it in , unit will ask if you want to upgrade firmware -LRB- default is yes -RRB- . Press Yes , and the unit will stop working permanently.DO NOT BUY until manufacturer fixes this Major Bug . I selected this unit over the Roku , because I liked the ability to add a hard disk . The features in this unit are excellent , BUT it will automatically try to upgrade its firmware over the network , and this WILL RENDER THIS UNIT USELESS . You will not be able to reset or do anything with this unit except send it back . I tried 2 units , and had the same issue with both . Spoke with `` product specialists '' at DLink . They should simply take these units off the market instead of wasting the consumer 's time and effort.Search for ` dsm-120 firmware ' on Google for other similar reviews of this unit .
 The Unit I received probably works as designed , though not desired , which prompted the question
 this thing is one piece of sh . . ! It is frosty cant make out a thing.Besides that , this upside down view you get when you look thru the viewfinder is utter nonsence.Because looking at anything thru a peephole in itself requires some effort in first trying to figure out quickly what yu are looking at , far more difficult to accomplish this when wat U are lookin at is UPSIDE DOWN ! Wen U tink of it HOW STUPID !
 I purchased two of these from BuyXtras both arrived slightly deformed / warped . I had to bend them a little to get them to match the proper 40mm fan , and even still they look kind of mis-formed , with that said , I later found a place on line to get these for 60cents each -LRB- mouser -RRB- , ordered from that re-seller and all where perfectly shaped . This is too simple of a product to mess up , the original seller knew quite well that they were sending me , what I would guess to be factory rejects , at an inflated premium price .
 I had this capacitor installed in my wife 's Explorer hooked up to an old PPI 1400 . It worked ok for awhile but my lights still dimmed but just not as much . I had it in for about 8 months when all the sudden my subs stopped working all together . At this time I did some back tracking threw my system and come to find out the capacitors ground was reading as a weak positive but basically the cap took a crap and stop working all together . So O would not purchase this capacitor ahgain looking for big results . Sorry but save your money .
 Our five year old HP 2100 was relocated out from under us and replaced with this model . I miss the old one . I wanted to like this machine ; it is quicker by a good amount . It seems less likely to jam when doing two-sided copies . There , I said something nice about it . Here comes the rest . The main paper tray does not accept envelopes . You 're supposed to feed them one at a time into tray # 1 , a cantankerous option at best , as my success rate with that feed is about 50 % . I 'll second the earlier report about the occasional need to shut down and restart . The print on ours has begun coming out crooked despite properly set guides on the main tray . The back side of the pages smudge with toner resulting in unacceptable back-to-back printing . I 'm looking for an alternative and suggest the same to anyone considering this model .
 If you are running windows 7 on your computer , as I am , do n't waste your money on this printer . I bought it because I needed a high volume dual tray printer for work , but it is NOT compatible with win 7 , despite what the vendor or documentation may say . I did everything humanly possible to get this to work , including spending almost 2 hours on the phone with HP Tech support and they told me it just would n't work.I guess if you have a different operating system it may be okay .
 I bought this printer because it offered duplex printing -LRB- printing on both sides of the page -RRB- . This feature worked perfectly under Windows XP Pro and Vista , but it does n't work under Windows 7 . There are a number of complaints about this problem on HP 's customer forum but so far the company has chosen to ignore them . If you are running Windows 7 or planning to in the future , it would be wise purchase another printer . The only lesson I have learned from the time I 've wasted searching for a solution to this problem is that my next printer purchase will not be from HP .
 Does not work with new Photoshop.If you have CS3 , this printer is obsolete .2 hours on the phone with bad customer service and all they said was they dont work with the new systems . Many HP printers suffer the same incongruities.Not useful for the future .
 Okay for printing on 8.5 x 11 paper . Standard input tray does not work for paper narrower than 8.75 inches wide . Paper guides on multipurpose input slot do not stay put , making it very difficult to print straight on other sizes of paper .
 The reason that the laser cartridge only last for 1000 sheet , is due to a business decision by HP to provide only `` starter Cartridges '' in most of their printers . They want you to spend four hundred dollars or more for their printers , but it pains them to provide you with a full cartridge .
 I just read some articles about the particle emission of the laser printer . This machine is one of the worst kind . You need to make sure that you also buy a laser printer filter if you really like this model !
 A piece of junk . Do n't bother . Go to eBay and get a used HP 4000 series laserjet . You can get one for about $ 250 with shipping .
 I just bought this printer.Cannot set it up needed tech support . Tried all routes and options wasted 8 hrs for nothing . Will never ever buy from HP . `` your tech support is horrible ''
 HP doens ' t love my Mac . It often wo n't print at all unless I use the `` print '' command within the application I 'm using - pdf reader , especially . Then , if I print from three different applications in one day , it gets all befuddled and freezes up . It 's also prone to paper jams , somthing I never experienced with the free Epsons that usually come with MacMall Macs.The driver was very difficult to install.I had read about these problems , but thought folks were being fussy ... On the bright side , it 's always on , and it 's fast . And I 'm learning alllll about its insides !
 I do a reasonable amount of bypass printing -- checks , paper in different colors , envelopes . I should 've read the `` weak manual feed '' reviews more carefully before buying this thing , but I was dazzled by the reasonably fast speed & dual-sided printing ability.I 'm having the same problems as many others with the manual feed . Of every 10 envelopes I have to reprint 4 , and roughly half the full size sheets print crooked or get wrinkled . This is not a high success rate . Yes , I follow the manual 's directions , and still get these abysmal results . `` Cantankerous '' is the kindest adjective I can apply to the manual feed . And unlike other models the manual feed is only good for one sheet at a time printing , no stacking possible.And what genius decided to design the rear straight-through output door so that somebody has to stand there and catch the output -LRB- unless you want to double the footprint & put a tray behind the printer -RRB- ? Other models have the door angled so the output stacks.At least I did n't pay full price for this printer , got it on sale . Would n't pay more than $ 130 for it , though , knowing what I do now . Looks like I ca n't retire my old 2100 yet .
 The printer is good , but it came with NOTHING ELSE . How do you expect me to hook it up or even begin to find cables ?? Not very happy with this .
 I have purchased refurbished models that have lasted for years , but the HP 1320 is a piece of junk . The company has been of no help . I have called HP direct and they let me know that I purchased a printer that is broken . I am out over $ 150 and still have to purchase a printer
 I bought this printer because under the product description -LRB- # 8 to be exact -RRB- says that it is a wireless printer with easy networking AND that it prints double-sided pages . I received the printer only to discover that it does neither . I have windows 7 , and I figured out how to properly install the printer but there was no function for a wireless connection . I don not understand why this printer is listed as wireless , it is not !
 I agree that the player looks and sounds nice , but it fails on the reliability factor . I 've had this player in for servicing three times in less than a year . After about 3 months of play all my CDs began skipping . I get it fixed and a few months later , all my CDs are skipping again . The player is very UNRELIABLE . I was warned that lot 's of moving parts = more chances of player failure . This is definitely the case here . The CD changer involves many mechanical moving parts . I should have listened to the warnings . This is a player to definitely AVOID ! Unless of course you enjoy spending alot of time at the repair shops .
 Okay , I bought this player because of a little extra capacity , and it seemed better than the Creative Labs player . I wanted to use it with Napster . Boy was I WRONG ... . After TWO days of use , when I turned it on it said that ` critical files were missing ' . I went to the website for help . That is the WRONG place to go if you have an Iriver . It gave me a specific fix for my problem ; I guess many people have had it . So much for quality control . The problem was the firmware update didnt work . So , I went for further support . The ` support robot ' on the site kept bringing me back to the firmware update that didnt work . Okay , so I call the 800 ` tech support ' number . I got NO ANSWER several times ! No answer on an 800 tech support line ? WOW ! Now I 'm pissed . An 800 number that does n't work and a tech support robot that doesnt help . So , I had to E-mail my issue to the ` e-mail tech support . That was 8 days ago ; I have received no answer , to repeated e-mails asking for help . So , now I have to work with my credit card company to not pay this charge , and I cant believe that it had to come to this . DONT BUY THIS PLAYER IF YOU WANT SUPPORT . Its a crap shoot ; it may work fine , but if it doesnt you are on your own -- no one at Iriver is interested in helping , and they KNOW about the problem ... and I can only guess that they KNOW their fix doesnt work . WORST experience I have had with any electronic brand folks -- stay away !!!!!
 I have a 5gb but a lot of the H10 's are having the same problem . I can play all of the songs that I owned myself but everything through the subscription service has run out and ca n't be reinstalled . I 've done a little research about the disappearing MP3 player and it appears to be a problem that is affecting a lot of the H10 's and 1 other model I ca n't remember right now and iRiver ca n't figure it out ; although I 've been told they are trying desperately to find the bug ... So buy with caution ...
 I sent n email with the following question to customer service : `` Which formats may I play on Axion AXN6079 7-Inch Twin Monitor Portable DVD System ? `` First email answer : `` This unit will play most formats . '' Signed by Reginald K. Johnson.Asked again : `` Will you be so kind to tell me exactly which formats does it play ? There are more than 30 video formats ... Textual Answer : `` All excerpt VCD 's . '' Signed by Reginald K. JohnsonThird email
 Pros
 Bought this laser printer based on HP reliability and fact that it could print MS-Dos software -LRB- pcl5e -RRB- . It did just fine for 17 months , then it died . Printer had printed 13000 pages , plain paper nothing fancy ! Hp online help failed to respond in any way to printer malfunction since off warranty . Problem analyzed as fuser assembly , repair cost est. was $ 230 at shop in town ; we trashed the printer and bought an Okidata.I would not buy this printer again unless purchaseing a 3 or 4 yr extended warranty .
 The manual feed is a pain , it 's one paper feed at a time and it difficult to feed the paper since it 's not a try but a slot - I am also having difficulty printer to tray two , for some reason it keep referring to manual feed even if everything is set to print from -LRB- auto feed or even tray 2 -RRB- . I have three in the office and I will no purchase another one just for this reason .
 I have a small business , and already have other 3 HP Laserjet printers . I was so far happy , and recently bought a LJ1160 . I 'm very worried about it . It 's very fast -LRB- 20ppm -RRB- , and really prints very well vectorial graphics and text , but it has a very bad quality for rasterized images -LRB- BMP , GIF , JPEG , etc -RRB- . It does n't have a setting specifically for image printing , and the driver has some bugs . You ca n't even read some parts of scanned documents -LRB- for example , old datasheets of electronic devices -RRB- . I really do n't know why it does so , but the same image printed on any of my other Laserjet printers is readable . On LJ1160 is not!I 've tried so far every driver option but could n't make it better.I 'll try to install the driver of a older HP printer to see if it works ... But it 's unaceptable that , when you buy a upgraded version of a product , it 's worse than your older one.I also had before 2 old Xerox laser printers -LRB- 300dpi -RRB- and never saw such a poor quality of image printing . So , i 'm really disapointed.I was a happy HP user , so I bought without any further concern about the product have any lack of performance , but i 'll have think twice before buying another printer from HP ...
 This is the actual letter I sent the MEADE co.Sir 's , Who designs these things ? I purchased a cv-6 yesterday and returned it today . Prior to choosing what manufacture to buy , I read many reviews , and thought the cv-6 was a pretty good one . Do you guys write the reviews for these mags ? For me , there were several issues ; -LRB- 1 -RRB- The buttons are all too small . When attempting to take a photo it 's impossible to hold the unit steady while attempting to press down in the correct spot to snap the shutter . All of the control buttons should be larger both in diameter and in height / profile . I even laid the unit down on the handrail of my deck for steadiness . That helped , but how often can one rest the unit to take a pic . -LRB- 3 -RRB- It eats batteries ! One brand new pair of Energizers lasted only 12 pics !! Put in a 9v . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The focus knob for the binoculars is tucked up inside so far , and is hard to operate as it is very stiff . That makes it impossible to hold steady on the subject while focusing . -LRB- 5 -RRB- The camera focus ring did not `` click '' into any position as the manual said it should.I did n't set out to bust anyone 's chops . I really thought this would have been a good choice for me - especially after all of the research I did prior to purchasing . The above is simply my honest opinion of the product .
 I received this as a gift . No investment except for the SD card . I 'm not pleased . It took 3 battery changes in an hour -LRB- 117 shots -RRB- . In perfect lighting conditions at the beach with a cliff view around 10 AM maybe 10 shots were keepers . The keepers were the ones with subjects furthest away . Tried some actions shots of gliding seagulls . Good luck getting timing down . Shutter delay is slow . You 'd be better off with a comparable priced 5 mp digital camera and cropping ambient items in a shot to get a better close up keeper . Every shot at 100 ft or less was weak . Even as binoculars , it is hard to get excited about this item . The third eye used by the camera does n't seem to see what you see with the binoculars . Note
 The design and overall function of the binoculars and built-in camera were as expected but the device used way too much of the AAA battery power . I used high quality batteries -LRB- Duracell -RRB- but could only get 6 to 8 pictures before the low battery indicator came on . Overall picture quality was low . Hard to get a crisp picture , especially for far away subjects . My advice to Meade is improve the power usage or design it to run off a high-quality rechargeable battery . My advice to potential buyers , wait until the power source is improved , unless you work for a battery company . After I went thru two packs of batteries I packed it up and sent it back . By the way , returning it was hassle-free .
 I received this product as a gift , and fresh out of the box it drained two sets of brand new AAA batteries in seconds.As I am now overseas , the exchange process became understandably tricky . However , the people at Meade support were not very helpful and promised me things they could not deliver.They also package the exact same product with the `` Simmons '' brand name , so beware of that product too .
 The unit I received operates , but completely drains its two AAA batteries in approximately 8 minutes . Meade customer service assures me that the unit must be defective . I am returning it for exchange and hoping the replacement unit does n't do this as well .
 Not as clear as the box shows . Not what I expected . I would not buy them again .
 This product costs $ 8.49 , weighs almost nothing , and Amazon wants $ 7.99 for shipping charges ! What the heck is going on here ?
 I have used several Sandisk 64MB in my old Canon Elph camera , never had a single problem . Got a new Canon Elph DS400 bought an SD512 MB , tested the card , and as soon as I tried to upload the pics to my computer -- the card crashed . Not sure if I should get a higher speed card , but I reported it to Amazon for a replacement and Amazon was so prompt to respond and emailed me that a replacement is on its way . I wondered now if I should have ordered a higher speed card . Please do your research , Sandisk is a good brand but there may be some better ones out there these days .
 This review applies to computers equipped with usb2 .0 . Users who have usb1.x may still find this informative , however.I just received a SanDisk 512MB Ultra II Secure Digital card and did a quick & dirty performance comparison with the non-ultra SanDisk SD card . If you just want the results , then go to the bottom of the review . For the more inquisitive , here is my test configuration : linux-2 .4.22 -LRB- with ehci to enable usb2 .0 -RRB- connected to ... usb2 .0 hub connected to ... SanDisk SDDR-88 usb2 .0 memory card readercommands for the write test : - mount - o noatime , sync / dev/sda1 / flash_memory - cat testfile > / dev/null - time cp tesfile / flash_memoryThe first command forces any writes to the flash_memory to happen immediately , so there is no caching going on . The second command reads through the ~ 50MB testfile and caches it into memory -LRB- no need to access the hard disk -RRB- . The third command actually copies the test file to the memory card and times it.commands for the read test : - umount / flash_memory - mount - o noatime , sync / dev/sda1 / flash_memory - time cp / flash_memory / testfile / dev/nullThe first command unmounts the flash memory and clears the cache . The second command mounts the flash memory so the computer can access its files . The third command actually copies the file , which must be read directly from the card because we cleared the cache , and times the copy.The read and writes tests were performed multiple times , and the results varied little between iterations . The 512MB card was completely empty , and the 256MB card had a small 3MB file.The SanDisk Ultra II card turned in some impressive numbers : writes
 Never had problems with San Disk before in my life , then this card came into play . This Card is made in China , and there are imcompatibility issues that people just ca n't figure out . Other people with the SanDisk SD 512 card made in Taiwan have no problems , just the ones made in China.It works fine in most devices , but there are some problems with Kodak cameras . Some combinations of cameras and readers work , Pentax and Casio Exslim . But using a Kodak DX6440 will not get a read on any card reader . Works great in the dock , but you ca n't take it to a photo lab to print without risk of corrupting the card.San Disk customer support is great , they sent a label to pick up the corrupted card -LRB- which worked sometimes when it was new -RRB- and sent a replacement card . -LRB- that process took 2 weeks -RRB- Just do n't risk your pictures unless you test out the card throughly before you shoot that irreplaceable picture .
 Well after purchasing my second Sandisk product -LRB- the other was the 512K CF card -RRB- I will never buy another Sandisk product again , do n't care if it is cheaper . I know you other PDA owners know what I am talking about . For digital cameras I do n't know , it may or may not work fine . But I 've used the Sandisk cards in my Dell Axim and Compaq Ipaq and have had the same problems . When transferring large amounts of data > 15MBs the files do not write properly . Half of my mp3s that I tranfer do not play . In addition if you transfer data that is greater than the available amount on the card it will frequently erase all data on the card !!!!!!! BEWARE , stay away if you are going to use this in your PDA . I 've found no problems using Viking -LRB- 1 CF card -RRB- , MicroTech -LRB- 1 CF -RRB- and Kingston -LRB- 2 SD cards -RRB- products .
 I have 3MP digital camera -LRB- Canon SD110 -RRB- and with this card , too slow men ! - The real capacity of this card is aprox . 480Mb . I 've tried other sd -LRB- lexar -RRB- and work fine . For Performance I recommend Lexar SD 's .
 I just sent my exchange request to Amazon . It seems my first 512 SD card is bad after 2 weeks , and I hardly used the thing . My player shows the card , but can not load any music to the card . I will see if the replacement works better . I just prefer it works .
 I purchased this primarily because of the comparatively low price . I have another Sandisk -LRB- 128mb -RRB- that works well . This one was recognized by Windows the first time I used it but the first files written on it were corrupted and could n't be erased . I tried to read it on another XP computer but I received an error message `` the file is corrupted and unreadable . '' Sandisk tech support -LRB- only 10 sec wait ! -RRB- agreed it was a bad card . I would buy another brand .
 this one is too slow for my Sharp digital camera , takes a seriously long wait between pics .
 For no reason , it just stopped working while loading music onto my MP3 player . I do n't do anything rough with it , I just set it on my desk and listen . A big disappointment . I 'd recommend another . Might as well go cheapest , if you ca n't trust the one with the brand name .
 I have used SanDisk Compact Flash Memory cards and had great results -LRB- Nikon 2MP digital camera and Cannon 3MP digital camera -RRB- . This Secure Digital Card started showing errors from the beginning , and then got worse . Unable to use at all in my Coolpix 4800 after a couple weeks . Lost some great shots -LRB- I know they were great because I saw them in the viewer when I shot them -RRB- because of errors on this card . Glad I got the -LSB- ... -RSB- but still feel like SanDisk ripped me off .
 I bought this -LRB- Sandisk 512 MB Secure Digital -RRB- in February and gave it to my mom as a gift in May . She used it in her digital camera and took pictures with it for her college reunion . Afterwards , the card displayed `` Corrupt Data '' and the pictures were lost ! Do NOT buy this card , if you do not believe me , do a search for this card and you will see similar testimonials!The grief and sadness this card has caused me is not worth its cheaper price!user be warned!by the way , the one i have is made in china , i have read these ones are the WORST
 Most of your customers are idiots . They are no help . The rest are obviously salesmen flogging their own products . Once again you advertise a bulk pack , and as far as I can determine , a bulk pack has a quantity of one . No quantity listed for alledged bulk packs at all . Ever . Never . Never ever . At least you are doing better than `` New box , big box , pretty box . Big box pretty pretty '' . But still , you do not include the one critcal piece of information I need to buy it , and it is too miserable a process to not get an answer out of you.To all customers I would suggest you type the product name 20 times , and then type , `` No , you do your own job . I am not going to do it for you . Figure it out '' . CUSTOMERS ARE NOW ON STRIKE . LOG OFF . TAKE A NAP . TAKE MANY NAPS .
 Card worked for the 1st time then it quit working and none of the 5 computers or the 3 readers could read it or even see it ?
 I have n't gotten this product I just want to warn people that are looking to buy the Audiovox SMT5000 . The Audiovox requires a Mini SD not a card like this . Amazon is recommending the card when you purchase a Audiovox SMT5000 however .
 do n't buy ANYTHING from them , they 'll take your money and will not send you the good . i 'm not the only one to say that , appartently . please check their rating.they suck !!!
 You charge too much for shipping and handling . I would have been better off going to a Retail Store .
 Just a FYI , This device is 512,000,000 bytes in size . that is 488MBytes -LRB- 1024 Method -RRB- . Then there is 5Mbytes used for the SD Feature of the card , Leaving you 483MBytes . Just wish manufactures would stop playing this game and call it waht is is a 488MByte Card .
 the people who wrote this is a `` fast '' card have no expertise . this is now one of the slowest cards out there , this makes a huge difference with cameras over 2 megapixels . if you are shooting with a three or four megapixel camera it will be unbearably slow.price . please ! the page shows a list price of two fifty . wow so for fifty five it must be a great deal right ? no ! memory prices fall like a riock and the list price is from two years ago . the listed `` sale price '' of fifty five is the going rate across all the competition.Indeed sandisks own `` utra II '' version of their 512 sd card is sixty five dollars everywhere . the ultra II reads and writes on average seven times faster .
 I bought this card because it had a good price , only $ 49,99 which is much lower than other SD cards . I used it once , then I tried to read it from a memory card reader and I got an error . I searched the SanDisk website for support and they said that I should format the card . I tried to format the card using Windows and I got a `` Windows was unable to format the media '' error . Tried a search engine and found that I was not the only one with that kind of problem.Finally I downloaded a SD format utility from Panasonic . It successfully formated the card and now I can read it , but I do n't know for how long.I guess that I got what I paid for ... I paid cheap and I got a cheap unstable memory .
 I bought 2 of these because I purchased the sandisk player and its all garbage and I will not be ordering them or the sandisk ever again . I returned everything and they told me I did n't and coul n't do anything for me so it was a total loss on my part for 4 sandisk and 2 sandisk players , which is unfair because I bought those as gifts and wound up having to purchase brand new ones from another company . Totally horrible !!
 After reading all 64 reviews I came to a personal conclusion not to buy the 512 MB card due to all of the problems.Thanks ,
 I spent time to get Memory card for more then $ 25 and wasted time with Amazon tricks : It tells about FREE seeping , recommend get $ 30 discount for opening Visa account with Amazon , but finally customer does n't have any of that options
 I have an iPAQ h4150 with a 512 MB Sandisk SD card , one day I was synchronizing files and I lost all my files on the SD card . I formated the card and tried to copy new files on it but when I try to add files I got the error message `` CARD IS FULL '' . I tried formatting the card using Fat16 , Fat32 and it still does n't work . This card is garbage ! I bought a different brand of SD card and never had this problem again .
 I bought this card in November , and it is now December . 1 month is all that it lasted . It wo n't format , it wo n't recognize data , it is worthless . I am not sure what I am going to do with it now , except maybe hope that the manufacturer will send a new one . It is a piece of junk . Save your money or buy Lexar .
 I bought this DVD combo because wanted to have 1 device that will play my old VHS tapes and did n't wanted a new device just for DVD 's . It turn out that I might need to buy separate devices since this is my second combo unit -LRB- different brand -RRB- and in both cases the DVD player was faulty.Had to give them 2 stars since the VHS player does work.Great unit if you can get the DVD player to work .
 This was an OK model until the VCR part stopped working a little after a year . I made the mistake of taking it to a Panasonic authorized repair shop where they charged me almost as much as I paid in the first place to fix it . It also took them about 2 months to fix . The sad thing is that within 6 months later it had the same problem.Since all of the combo players available anymore appear to be pieces of crap made over in Asia I bought a Sony from a retailer that offers an extended warrantee . I figure the extra cost is less then the cost of a repair or a new one , and I will be very surprised if it still works in three years .
 I had the first one for about 2 weeks and the VHS part broke . I received a replacement and the same thing happened . In about 2 weeks the VHS part broke again with the same problem . The tape does n't go in all the way and it eats the tape . I called Panasonic regarding fixing it . They were terrible . I closest repair center was over an hour away and if I were to ship it , I would have to pay for shipping both ways . They were not apologetic about it either . It should not break in 2 weeks ! Nonetheless 2 of them !
 I have had this DVD player for almost 18 months . After 1 month I got an H02 error , Called Panasonic for help and got the worst customer service I have ever experienced , all they would provide is the address to authorized service centers . Sent it in and got it repaired under warranty -LRB- about 3 weeks to get it back -RRB- . Now after a year the H02 error strikes again , no longer under warranty I am going to junk it . Look at other reviews -LRB- epinions , etc. . -RRB- This H02 error is all over , I will never buy another Panasonic product . If not for the errors the product worked fine and would appear to be a good value .
 On October 12 , 2002 , we bought a Panasonic PV-V4612S VCR from Circuit City to replace an old VCR . We took the VCR home , hooked it up , and tested it to make sure it worked . We have two VCRs and do n't use either one very often , so it was n't until December that we realized that the new Panasonic VCR would not play or record on older video tapes but instead would spit these tapes out immediately . Our other VCR -LRB- and the VCR that the Panasonic was purchased to replace -RRB- never had this problem.I called Panasonic 's 800 number and discussed the problem with a Panasonic representative because I thought maybe the VCR was supposed to reject older tapes for some reason unknown to me . The Panasonic representative assured me that the VCR was not supposed to reject older tapes and told me to take it to an authorized Panasonic service center , which in this case was Consumer Electronic Service . I dropped off the VCR at Consumer Electronic Service . However , Consumer Electronic Service -LRB- CES -RRB- told me there was nothing wrong with the VCR . I brought in one of our older tapes and showed them that the VCR rejected the tape . The CES representative told me that it worked fine with his sample tapes -LRB- which appeared to be brand new -RRB- and that there was n't a problem if there was only one tape that the VCR would n't work with . I told him it was many tapes , that our other VCRs had no problem with these tapes , and offered to bring in more tapes to show him the problem . He refused , insisting that if he could get the VCR to work with his sample tapes that there was no problem with the VCR . I appealed to Panasonic , but this time a different Panasonic representative told me that Panasonic would have to accept the service center 's diagnosis . They said that I could not get a refund or exchange the VCR for a new one . The only option Panasonic now offered was for me to return the VCR to Panasonic in exchange for a `` reconditionedE -LRB- i.e. , used -RRB- machine . Of course , by the time I got the used VCR back , the product would be out of warranty.I am amazed that Panasonic and their certified service provider both refuse to admit that the inability of a VCR to play some videotapes is a defect . I am also very disappointed that the only option offered by Panasonic was to exchange this VCR for another , used VCR which might have had the same problem , at which point the product would have been out of warranty . I am sure that most consumers expect to be able to play their entire video tape collection on a VCR that they purchase . Because this VCR could not play the majority of our videotapes , I believe that this problem certainly does constitute a breach of warranty and consumers who purchase such a machine should have the option of returning the VCR to the manufacturer for a refund . It certainly seems that here , Panasonic used its certified service provider to create the illusion of independent evaluation while actually the certified service provider must be collaborating with Panasonic to declare defective merchandise `` non-defective , Ethereby sticking the consumer with merchandise that does not work for its intended purpose . I will not be doing business with either Panasonic or Consumer Electronic Service of Cary in the future .
 I have a degree in Computer Science from U.C. Berkeley , so I 'm not usually intimidated by technology . But this remote is just impossible . Lots of tiny , identical buttons with microscopic labels . You can only use the remote using reading glasses in a strong light . Many of the controls are non-intuitive even when you find the right buttons . The manual is strikingly unhelpful ; one of the worst I 've seen.I actually bought a universal remote but this deck would n't respond to it at all . -LRB- Rant
 THIS UNIT WORKED GREAT FOR A LITTLE OVER A YEAR , THEN THE DVD LASER JUST WENT . THE THING PROBABLY DID N'T HAVE 50 HRS OF PLAY TIME ON IT AND HAS BEEN WELL TAKEN CARE OF . PANASONIC BASICALLY SAYS `` TOUGH S. . . '' , THE WARRANTY HAS EXPIRED . THIS IS B.S. . AS THE UNIT IS ONLY A LITTLE OVER A YEAR OLD . I WILL NEVER BY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM PANASONIC . I NOW HAVE A $ 170.00 PEICE OF JUNK .
 The Omnimount Desktop LCD Mount DTM-1 can be best described as somewhat disappointing . Although the pictures and some other reviews would lead one to believe it is a great product , the reality is something different . First , the unit itself does not have the feel of quality . The plastic is cheap and the finish is not particularly good . Now , onto the performance . The feeling of the pivot points and joints is poor and not very stable . Once mounted the arm sways and bends , not providing a solid structure for the screen . With a 21 '' LCD screen the arm actually sways a full inch in either direction . It does do the job though and does allow for forward and rotational movements . Again , just not engineered for high quality .
 I bought these because they were a good deal ... but I have already thrown away over half of them trying to use them . It 's like every other one works . It 's not my burner either because I have tried them on 3 different computers and I get error messages or when I go to run them on a dvd player there are errors . Not all the time but entirely too often .
 A spindle of 100 was ordered and sent to me , not packed very good at all , so of course they were all over the box and spindle was busted up , broken and some got scratches , so never again for me .
 I 've bought lots of items from Amazon and I 've recomended them to everyone till now . Maxell is a good brand and they should work properly ; but the idiots that packed them should be removed from Amazons list of venders . I ordered 2 100 packs and they came in a box big enough for 3 or more with 1 flimsy piece of bubble wrap . You could tilt the box and feel the 2 rolls slide from one end to the other end . The plastic seal came off one roll and the spindle was broken . How many people have to write a review about damaged goods before someone fixes the problem .
 This product is poor quality.In the 100 pack , I had about a 15 % failure rate with defective burns , resulting in bad disk verifys using ImgBurn software . I have had better success with other brands like Memorex and Amazon Basics . I had so many failures , that I even changed my DVD drive to insure it was not the Drive , and had the same results with a brand new DVD drive.Don ' t know if they were old discs or what .
 These worked well until halfway down the stack upon which time my videos started skipping and displaying error codes . I will not be buying this item again .
 Not what I was expecting from item description . The decription specifies D+R media , but I was sent DVD-R media with the same item # . Could not process return request online .
 When they work , they work fine . Successful burns of video files and home movies play well on my stand-alone DVD player , which is what I wanted these blank DVD+R discs for . But approximately half of them fail to write the lead-out , leaving them unusable . All of a sudden the great deal when buying in bulk is n't such a great deal when you 're throwing half of them in the trash . I wo n't make the mistake of buying this brand again just because of a lower price . I have n't used a lot of brands , but I have had much better success with Verbatim DVD-R discs .
 dvd package was busted i threw away 20 of them buyer said he would make it right and then i never heard anything againits been almost a month if not more
 I have to say , the discs are great . Never a problem and quick to copy.That being said , it appears that no matter which brand of balnk DVD or CD I purchase from Amazon , they are ALWAYS poorly packed resulting in destroyed `` hatbox containers '' and sometimes discs even loose in the box . I have written to customer service , but if this continues -LRB- as it has for about the last year -RRB- I 'm going to give up a few bucks savings here and turn to local retailers . I 'm sure some of the blame can be laid at UPS 's doorstep , but if theye were packed right , I do n't believe the problem would be so overarching .
 More than 50 % failure rate . Even PLAYO -LRB- unpopular brand -RRB- works much better using the same recorder .
 The spindel was broken inside the package . The three discs I have tried all skipped . I do n't want to waste any more time trying more of these discs . Too bad I did n't open them right away when they came . I would have returned them immediately for a refund . I 'll know better from now on .
 I 've tried several different brands in several different recorders . It seems that the only thing the Maxells are good for is data storage , and it better not be compressed . I 've attempted many times to write compressed data to a Maxell disk . Almost every time , that data becomes corrupted regardless of the write speed or method . Other times , it fails outright . So far , Sony DVD+R has given the best results whether it 's data or movies . I now have a stack of Maxell and Memorex . Anyone want 'em ?
 I thought it was a little too expensive , especially since i can get the same thing at wal-mart $ 6 cheaper .
 I ordered these and have never had any trouble with other brands of DVD+R s . When I went to use one , I had to try 7 to get ONE to be recognized in my DVD recorder . I ended up testing the whole spindle in a little over an hour , and of 100 of them , THIRTY NINE were bad disks . I find that failure rate unacceptable , and will never purchase this brand of DVD+R s again .
 I began buying recordable DVDs last year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- when I got a Phillips DVDR-3505 DVD recorder . Testing different brands , I started with 3-packs of Maxell DVD-R discs , since they were cheap and came in cool colors . As I found myself using the DVD recorder unit more and more to make DVD copies of my VHS library , I needed larger quantities of discs , and thought a 25-disc pack of Maxell DVD+R discs was a great buy . Unfortunately , only the first 13 discs worked properly , all of the rest would not record at all - the unit would try to load them and either lock up or just stop , and say `` can not record on this disk '' . Figuring this was an isolated problem , I bought a brand new package of 15 Maxell DVD+R blanks . NOT A SINGLE ONE WORKED ! I tried each one , and they were all no good . I promptly returned them for refund -LRB- thanks Walgreens -RRB- , and got a package of Sony DVD+R discs instead - and they are working perfectly despite costing 1/2 as much as the Maxells . I can only say I was originally happy with the Maxell discs , but if they do n't get this quality control issue sorted out they will lose a lot of customers . They have surely lost me as one.PS - there is no reason the Maxell DVD+R discs should n't work with the Phillips DVD recorder , they are specifically mentioned on the compatibility list for the unit .
 Speaker was wonderful . However product info is incorrect . Do n't believe what you read in their product discriptions .
 I actually bought two versions of this by mistake - one was branded Quasar , and was very cheap but gave me problems , so I went and bought a brand name - and found it was the identical model -LRB- poor memory of what the Quasar looked like when I was in the store -RRB- ! Even the instruction manual was identical - just the brand name changed.The controls are all fine and when it records the quality is fine , but it refuses to play many commercial tapes - just ejects them , gets them stuck on loading and I 've had to take the top off a couple of times . These are the same problems I had with the Quasar branded one . A real shame , as I believed Panasonic did high quality goods until now . I am shopping for another one and trying to guess the price that you have to pay to get something that works .
 This VCR looks good on paper , but only lasted 4 months . It 's 1 year warrantee is worthless because labor is only covered for 90 days . The labor to repair this VCR adds up to more than buying one new ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 The features and picture quality of this VCR are great . Commercial advance is lovely , but sometimes it gets confused and zaps through regular programming by mistake -- but it 's accurate 90 % of the time . After all the recording is done , the VCR will re-wind and then re-play the shows you just taped , marking where commercials started and stopped . This is annoying if you want to use the machine , because you CA N'T while this is going on . VCR-plus made life easier too.Unfortunately this unit died after only 18 months . I think that the commercial advance system put so much strain on the motor that it just wore out . We tape about 5 hours of network programming a week -LRB- Raymond , Frasier , West Wing , Friends , ER , The Practice -RRB- and then on the weekends we catch up on our favorite shows . I guess that was enough to kill it . Poor little thing . -LRB- I paid close to $ 180 for it -- look how cheap it is now ! -RRB-
 I bought this on January 2004 , and 11 months later , it already has a problem to record.Very poor product quality .
 I purchased this VCR after reading some of the postive reviews on this site . It worked for 1 day and then began a strange whirring noise when I turned the power on and would not recognize that it had a tape in it and then would just cut off . I am returning it tomorrow for my money back . I should have known it was crap when I took it out of the box and it weighed about a pound . My old Magnavox VCR was of a substantial weight and lasted 10 years of continuous use . I spent $ 95 on this Panasonic and would recommend spending your money on something else .
 The `` commercial advance '' feature on this machine is worth it 's weight in gold . Offsetting this , reliability is very poor
 Do n't waste your time on this badly made product . I returned it the day after I got it . The commercial skip works 95 % of the time and is great , but it is not worth having to put up with the noise this thing makes and the lousy picture quality . It 's extermely loud in fast forward and rewind , but also make noises when in the play noise that are nowhere near acceptable . But worst is the picture quality . I played tapes in it recorded from 2 other VCR 's , and ones I bought from the store , and they all had a gritty picture . Even tapes recorded with THIS unit played somewhat gritty . Save yourself the labor of mailing this thing back and look at better units . Paying so little for a VCR will only disappoint you in the long run .
 I bought two of these units -LRB- at the time I found nothing but glowing reviews . -RRB- I lost the remote to one unit , and the other remote quit working . No problem , get a universal remote , right ? Well , good luck finding one where you can change the recording speed . When the unit is unplugged , the default goes to SP . I want EP , and the only way to get that mode is with the remote . So I have a VCR that only plays , unless I want to waste VHS tapes . And it does n't play all that well , to be honest . I have tapes that I recorded from another VCR -LRB- now busted -RRB- that played fine on it ... and I get a lot of bad playback with those tapes on this unit .
 I bought this VCR more than a year and a half ago , I thought it was a good buy , but now I ca n't even watch or record anything on it because the picture quality is poor & the picture keeps bouncing.Buyer beware !
 After I bought this the first time I found out that their was a major problem with this unit and Panasonic had to fix like a jillion of these things . If you look around you will see this model and the PV-V4622 for sale everywhere as `` reconditioned '' . This machine works great except for a few major problems .1 . This unit does not accept all types of VCR tapes . I bought a package of 10 tapes from Costco and 3 would n't work with this machine . No reason just would n't work . About 3-4 other brands flat wo n't work .2 . When you record at any speed other then the best you have to constantly adjust the tracking every minute.I have owned much better VCRs . I have a Panasonic TV/VCR combo and it is the best tv and vcr I have ever owned . . .
 I actually had two of these units . The first never played tapes back correctly . It would play back in the opposite speed it was intended . -LRB- SLP for a tape recorded in EP or vice versa -RRB- I got another one and it ate every tape I put in it . You got ta be kidding me ! It is just a VCR . This is not cutting edge technology.Dissapointed .
 Stopped playing movies after 4 months , could n't see picure but you sure could hear the audio . Woprthless warranty , Very disapoined
 I purchased this DVD player because I was led to believe it was zone free . I already have a portable DVD player , but wanted to be able to play gift DVDs from England . Very disappointed it would not play them . Sent it back , at my expense . Will think twice about ordering anything again . Lovely picture , but useless to me .
 I purchased this item because of it 's competitive price and positive reviews . Installation was very simple and the card was up and running within 15 minutes of opening the box.After an hour of use , the card stopped working . After a restart the card worked again , but it will consisitently stop functioning whenever I am downloading files over 10MB , or leaving my computer on for more than 30 minutes.I 've tried reinstalling the latest drivers and software with no success . I have a brand new Dell precision tower.I will be replacing this card as soon as possible .
 I bought this wireless card for the computer my boyfriend was building for me and it worked well for a bit , but then after a little over a year it started acting funny and then eventually just quit . The computer no longer finds wireless internet connections and I have to use a USB wireless card . I probably would not buy this again or recommend it .
 I ordered this device after some research . The website says that they have added new drivers that are compatible with windows vista . However , after installing the windows vista based drivers and setting up the proper configurations for the router and network , it refused to connect to the network at all . Hours were spent double checking all devices and access connections , but it would not connect . I ended up taking it out and installing the device onto a windows xp based computer as well with the same results . I do n't know if it was just a funky wireless card or if the cards in general are just this tedious to setup . I will not be purchasing any product made by these people again .
 Trust me , I know how trick the Epson company used in printer . They design driver with ink level decreasing since your first installing . If you 're unfortunate to reinstall ink cartridge when you encounter erro message again and again , your cartridge would not give mercy to decrease down to lower level again and again . It 's really a bad experience I 've ever met .
 After several years of frustration with spending hundreds of dollars a year on color cartridges when basically only printing in black and white , I 've decided to just throw this thing away and purchase another product . According to Epson 's on-line FAQs , the unit consumes a certain amount of color ink even when printing black only . However , I 've had to replace WAY more color than B&W cartridges . I just spent 15 minutes on the phone with their techie , who told me we could change the printer-driver to black only . But I would have to buy ANOTHER Magenta cartridge to do that , because `` the printer will not function with an incomplete cartridge set '' . I invited him to have a look at this amazon page if he thought my complaint was unique .
 I 've had this printer for a little less than a year . Did not like it from about week 2 . It only faxes when it feels like it . Now it wo n't even print -LRB- I researched on the web and saw numerous people with the same problem -RRB- . I says there is a paper jam-yet no paper stuck in it ! The cover for copying falls off on a regular basis.The ink runs out constantly and is pricey!Epson customer service sucks!I will NEVER buy another Epson !
 While the print quality of this device is remarkably good , especially for high quality color documents and photographs , and the capability to copy , scan , and fax with one easy-to-use printer is wonderful , this thing goes through ink SO FAST . I have never seen a printer go through ink as fast as this thing does . I feel like I am * constantly * watching the ink levels and worrying about whether I have enough ink . My company paid for the printer and I buy the ink with the company credit card , but I feel really guilty about being forced to go back to Officemax every week or two just to buy more ink , when the cartridges run about $ 12 each . That 's $ 48 every time I have to replace ink , which at this rate has been about once every 2-3 weeks AT BEST . I have had this printer since June , and I bet I have spent well over $ 350 on ink so far . And I am really not printing much in the way of photos ! I mostly use it for printing simple color documents that do not have much in the way of graphics . If the company was n't paying for the ink for this , I would immediately sell the printer on eBay and buy a different one , or go back to using my Canon Pixma printer . The only reason I continue to use this one is that it is company-purchased and I need the scanning/copying and faxing abilities . If I just wanted a printer , I would go back to using the Canon Pixma without hesitation . This thing uses way , way , way too much ink and uses it way , way , way too fast . If you have an unlimited budget and do n't mind having a closet full of replacement ink cartridges on hand , ready to go , then this is a good printer . If , however , you do n't want to spend a fortune on ink then do n't buy this device . The ink is just too expensive and needs to be replaced WAY too frequently .
 Wow , I am very glad I am not the only one having problems with this . For starters , they have the wrong drivers on the website for this printer . Go straight to Gutenprint . Just google it . Had to wait through 2 hours customer service with someone I could n't understand from epson to be told it was a problem with my operating system -LRB- mac -RRB- . On the phone with mac support for twenty minutes -LRB- and could understand them :-RRB- to find out that it WAS epsons problem , but mac support came through with the hookup to third party Gutenprint . GO MAC !!! Now , that the p.a.c. is working , I have printed 20 documents -LRB- yes , i just counted :| -RRB- and it tells me I am out of black ink . Now , I 'm cheap and I know that when a printer is `` out of ink '' it 's only nearly out of ink . You take it out , bang on it , and it 's good for another while . Not this one . Luckily , I did have a black ink lying about . So I chuck it in and hit print again . Prints the last page , stops where the words do , and just chills there until i yank the paper out and hit cancel . Now , mind you , I only have printed two 4x6 photos and two colour pages . And the thing tells me I 'm out of all the colour inks . I am trying to print a text doc , no colour , so I figure I can make it print without changing these cartridges . NO !!! Wo n't let you.If anyone wants to buy one of these for 20 bucks , lem me know . It 's going to ebay .
 Constantly needs new ink . Cartridge error is a constant banner . Will never buy an Epson again .
 I recently purchased one of these to replace my 10-year-old HP printer . It has a nice scanner , but after printing 6 or 7 black and white pages , it showed it was almost out of the red and yellow ink , half empty on the blue ink and 1/3 of the black ink was gone.Epson 's customer service said to reseat the ink cartridges so I did , but still have the problem . Other printer review sites mention this problem with this and other Epson models . I am still awaiting a response from Epson about what to do next . With all the complaints on the web about this issue , they definitely are familiar with it.My old HP would print hundreds of pages before I had to buy a new color or black ink cartridge . I 'm glad I did n't throw it out . All the Epson is good for is scanning . I do n't even feel like I can sell it to someone because I would n't want to pass this problem along to them.My advice
 This printer has frustrated me more than almost anything else I can think of . While admittedly , it usually prints what I want printed , anything with color in has light bars/streaks across it . And , the WORST feature of this printer is that it flat out refuses to print anything if it gets the notion that any of the ink cartridges is low . And YOU GET NO ADVANCE WARNING.Aside from that , the scanner works very well . I have used it a lot and have been quite happy with it.Don ' t buy this. : -RRB-
 I , like some others , received the Stylus CX7000F printer as a `` freebie '' when I bought my computer . It worked OK for awhile , but now there are constant problems and consuming mega amounts of ink . I 'm finally giving up and getting something else . After I check the reviews though !!
 I have used the CX7000F printer for a year and it has become increasingly neurotic . It often shakes , rattles and rolls for no apparent reason . It squirts more ink than a paranoid squid . And what 's really funny is that I have to sneak up on it to put a single page in the feeder - say for printing on both sides - because unless done very , very carefully it senses the new page and total electronic armageddon ensues requiring a shut-down and restart.I used to consider this printer 's many quirks as mildly amusing -LRB- my little ` R2D2 ' with attitude -RRB- , but now its all become just plain annoying . Out it goes !
 I got Brand new INKs original Epson . Y replace all of them , Black and all the Color . CLeaned up the Header about 6 times cause it never worked and after that , i have to change AGAIN the blue color , and the rest are at 50 % . I sent an Email to Epson Complaining about this situation . Lets see what do they answer.this Might be the last time in my life that i buy a Epson Product . My last hope is their Costumer Service , if they response in a good way , i could stay with them . By now , not even wraped as a gift .
 I 've had this printer for almost two years now , and I 've used it off and on since . Just today , however , it whined for me to replace the cyan cartridge even though I was trying to copy a black and white paper . After several attempts to to get around the persistent whinging by pressing `` Cancel '' , `` Setup '' , etc. , I finally looked on Epson 's website to see what was going on . Reading the FAQ for this printer revealed quite surprising information . Apparently , this printer * requires * you to replace a color cartridge -LRB- cyan in this case -RRB- , even if you 're trying to print in black and white only . Now , I do n't care how much a replacement cartridge costs , I 'm simply appalled that the printer becomes useless if * any * of the four cartridges run out of ink . True , the scanning capabilities are obviously unaffected , but I find if very inexcusable for Epson to have designed the printer with such a nasty flaw . If this is the typical Epson offering , I have no problem avoiding all of their products .
 what junk ! sounds good but really horrible printer worst one i ever bought . buy this , and you be sorry . slow , noisy , eats ink like its candy.try cleaning the ink cartridges and it wastes so much ink , you will not believe it.worst of all , it spits ink all over the page for no reason . i sent a copy to epson while trying to get it fixed . even they couldnt believe it , but did nothing.i cant stand this company or this printer
 Straight out the box and on the phone with customer service for 4 hrs -LRB- yes 4 -RRB- and 3 levels of techs -LRB- 1st tier ... -RRB- . The install disk apparently has a GLITCH for Win 2k ... . I was told that the support has n't even seen this item yet , it is not on their website , and they were uncertain on how to resolve and will escalate the issue . Customer support was less than helpful and practically suggested that I return it ... if it was n't that I disconnected my fax , scanner , and original printer already ... and the hassle of shipping it back ... it would be gone ... -LRB- it still might get to that point -RRB- ... I was told someone would get back to me in a few days ... My suggestion on this puppy is to wait it out ... should have went with the HP but thought i would save a few bucks on a product ... my previous printer was an HP and worked out the box without issues ...
 So frustrating.I am on my 2nd replacement printer -LRB- my 3rd CX7000F in all -RRB- and it , too , DOES NOT work . This model will tell you a brand new ink cartridge needs to be replaced . I wasted a couple extra hundred dollars on more ink , because I thought the cartridge that came from the store was used . Then I learned that this is an Epson problem.I will be calling tech support again on Monday . This saga has been ongoing since May . -LRB- It 's July -RRB- . I appreciate Epson sending me replacement printers , but since they do n't work , it 's of no use . I do n't know who is doing the manufacturing , but they have screwed up a component . Too bad for Epson , because I will never buy another one of their printers again.DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I purchased the CX7000F printer as I already own the RX500 printer and was very satisfied with it . After receiving the printer and downloading the drivers from Epson that supposedly would work with my Vista Home Premium operating system , I attempted to load the drivers . The printer driver installed without a hitch and works fine . The scanner driver , however , would not install and I have spent over 2 hours with Epson on the phone to no avail . They advised me it was n't their problem and that I should reload the operating system . The scanner and fax both work fine as a standalone , but I ca n't access them through the computer . To make matters worse , I have only had the unit for about 2 weeks and have only printed a few black and white documents from MS Word and from the internet and my ink levels are down to 36 % for all four cartridges . At this point it is my intention to consider it a lesson learned and to return the unit within the 30 day window .
 If I could rate this negative stars I would . Absolutely the worst printer/piece of office equipment I 've EVER owned or worked with -LRB- and I 've worked with a lot -RRB- .1 -RRB- It either will not print or it jams . I 'd say my jam to print ration is 50:1 . Staggeringly awful odds when the main function of a printer is to , you know , print . This is by far my biggest gripe , as it is not even performing its most basic of functions .2 -RRB- ... if it even responds at all . For inexplicable reasons , sometimes it just sits there with pending documents , fully ignoring any commands given to it .3 -RRB- Be prepared to blow your life savings on ink . I printed 4 test pages when I was setting it up , because they kept coming out funny . After those FOUR TEST PAGES my ink was 80-90 % GONE . I was so furious I called Epson , and , to their benefit , they did send me a replacement ink set . But they wo n't every time , so dig deep into your wallet because -LRB- if you can get it to print -RRB- you 'll be putting down $ 60 a month on ink alone.If your main purpose for this printer is pictures , then especially beware . You 'll probably get 4 4x6 's before needing new cartridges .4 -RRB- LINUX USERS BEWARE . The only function that works with Linux is the printing aspect . The scanner does not work with Linux . It did work fine on Windows , though the software is incredibly limited and the scanning is slow.If you want to ignore this review and most others , then be prepared for many a late night pulling our hair out and pulling mangled paper out of the inner-workings of this `` printer , '' spending $ 60 a month on ink and generally being incredibly frustrated and poor . A truly awful , awful piece of equipment , unfortunately .
 I got this printer for free when I bought a new laptop . It seemed like an excellent deal-getting it for free . NOT SO ! I have to replace the ink cartridges CONSTANTLY -LRB- all FOUR of them even though I almost never print in color -RRB- . I spend so much in ink cartridges that I 'm going to buy a whole new printer and am confident that I will SAVE money doing so.Further , it does n't give you a warning or allow you to print your documents with `` reduced quality '' when the ink gets low-It simply quits printing until you buy a new cartridge and replace it . Not a pleasant surprise when you are pressed for time . Makes it completely unreliable .
 The Epson Stylus CX7000F Series was a freebie when I purchased a Toshiba laptop . After owning it for 2 years , I now understand why it was a free accessory . I rarely print , but the ink cartridges regulary run out of ink and require replacement . Further , when I am printing black and white documents , I ca n't print if a color cartridge is depleted . I must first replace the cyan , magenta , and/or yellow ink cartridge -- whichever one runs out of ink first . As of today , I 'm shopping for a new laserjet printer , and it wo n't be an Epson printer !
 I purchased my Epson CX7000F at a discount when a OfficeMax was closing . It a good thing becasue if i would have paid full price i would have really been angry to know how quickly the ink runs out . That is not the most frustrating part . That would be that you ca n't print in black ink only if any of the other cartridges are empty . Good thing i dont print much becasue i would have thrown this peice of junk in the trash already . I do not recommend purchasing this printer .
 I purchased this printer from Office Max and have regretted it ever since . Epson should be ashamed for not pulling it from the market immediately . This printer somehow manages to internally vaporize ink . Once the printer is out of ink it will not do ANYTHING ! It will not scan or fax or function at all until you replace all of the cartridges . Do n't even consider buying one of these !
 if you want to waste money , be my guest.i returned it after few minutes of testingwith various sources , yepit was quite bad ... few weeks later saw it in diff store , tried it againand still same signature bad design sound.crappy , muffled , time-misaligned sub-amateur product.denon / nippon columbiahas never been known for headphones , so let us leave them alone to wither.tksk
 The 14 '' iBook gets four stars from me . I feel I need to say that , since the Amazon system is not working properly now -- every time I preview this review , the rating comes up as one star . Having tried to correct the star rating at least five times to no avail , I 'm just going to hit the submit button now.I 'm giving my impressions as a new iBook owner rather than waiting several months to do so because the current iBook models will most likely be discontinued this calendar year . You can expect the successor models to use an Intel chip.I bought an iBook -LRB- my first laptop -RRB- with full knowledge that it will not be around in its current iteration much longer.Why ? iBooks get pretty good reviews for laptop reliability . I 'm of the school that wants the dust to settle on a newly introduced product before I buy it . New models are generally more prone to having problems than a design which has been around long enough to have the glitches sorted out . Also , I 'd always been curious about the Apple operating system , having always used a Windows product.So , how does OS X stack up against Windows ? Sorry , Apple zealots , I 'm not going to completely trash the competition . I have been running XP Pro -LRB- 64 bit version -RRB- on my desktop for around seven months now and like it . It works pretty well -- I 've had no crashes , no blue screens of death , etc. like I was used to getting with Windows 95 and 98 . It is however , still prone to the things that plague Windows
 After a lifelong predilection for Toshiba Sattelite notebook , I decided to make the switch.I figured for $ 1000 , I would get enough for internet , word processing and DVD playing and do the rest on my desktop PC.Was I ever wrong.The internet is OK . Fonts are displayed very poorly with quite a bit of washout.Word processing is very , very slow - frequently the displayed words lag behind my typing - very annoying.DVD playing is good and the battery life is impressive.You are stuck with iTunes for music , although I was able to finally find a utility to let me play music without creating a playlist and manually sorting it , but all the millions of iTune lovers will probably disagree.THE ABSOLUTE WORST PART OF THE MACHINE IS HOW SLOW IT IS . The operating system is constantly optimizing the disc without giving that process a lower priority then anything you need to do - as a result a simple close an active window can take up to a few minutes . The machine is doing disc writes as I am typing this - why?OVERALL IMPRESSION
 The price on their `` new '' iboook g4 is outrageously expensive . It 's about 400 more than they went for new , back in 2005 -LRB- 4 years ago -RRB- .
 Do yourself a favor and do n't buy a refurbished piece of electronics . This piece of crap Ibook worked ok for about 2 months , now it just cuts off without warning for no reason whatsoever . At first it would happen only when the cord was disconnected from the AC adapter , now it does n't matter when . Huge pain the _____ since I usually have to pop out the battery , put it back in , wait for it to reboot , then set the date and time over again . Who knows , one day it might not boot up at all . Luckily I can afford to buy a new model now so I guess I got my $ 200 worth . . Should of just did without until I could afford a new one.I contacted the seller , and although they were nice , the best they can do is sell me the original powercord for an Ibook which is now $ 60 . . Why did n't they include that anyway ??? I 'm glad I did n't buy one because now the thing cuts off even when the cord is plugged in so that ca n't be the problem . . Oh and the guy on the phone also tried to sell me a used MacBook . . Bruhahaha
 I use a variety of notebooks . The iBook I owned had a very flimsy LCD screen . You can see this if you press on the case on the other side of the screen
 But better than the Maxell and the Memorex that I bought around the same time . Those 2 skip and flip . In the TDK pack most of the tapes recorded . In the Maxell and Memorex packs , most did not record .
 I bought a 10-pack of TDK tapes in April , 2005 - The boxes say
 I ordered the 8 hour VHS tapes , shown in pictured advertisement , but received 6 hour VHS tapes . Not as expected . I could have ordered 6 hour tapes elsewhere . I chose 8 but did not get 8 . I did n't get what was advertised or expected.This makes me skeptical in regards to ordering in the future . I specifically looked for fine print stating there could be a substitution , but there was n't any .
 These VCR tapes -LRB- 3 out of 10 tried -RRB- had a wobble in the picture following record and during playback . I have many VCR tapes ; and only rarely does this happen on either of my recorders . Could be a bad production run ...
 The basic TDK tapes are fine and there are 10 in the pack . The photo does not match the description or the actual product received . These are not 8 hour tapes -- they are 6 hour tapes . Misleading !!!!!!!!
 I really wonder about the manufacture date of these tapes and/or if they 've been stored in good conditions . I ordered these tapes on December 3rd , 2012 . They were purchased to replace tapes that were degraded from much recording and re-recording such that video/sound quality was suffering , when I found that I had only one new tape remaining . I ordered TDK tapes because I have found them to be of good quality and to hold up well in the past.I cleaned the heads on all VCRs in the house prior to using any of these tapes . My old tapes have n't touched my VCRs since they were cleaned . The first tape out of the lot had some quality issues with the recording -LRB- the picture was a bit grainy -RRB- but I was busy and it was n't significant enough for me to quibble over for recordings that I would view once and record over later . The quality of that first tape has remained steady -LRB- though still grainy -RRB- with subsequent recordings . Unfortunately , I did not immediately test the remaining tapes . If I had , I would have returned them or requested replacement in the hopes that the next lot would be newer or had been stored in a cooler place or were from another manufacturing lot or whatever the cause of the problems is.After attempting to use two tapes that had more issues than the first , I took an untouched tape from this purchase to another VCR to record/playback . Same issues . I have now unwrapped 5 of the 10 tapes from this purchase and found all but the first to have significant issues in recording/playback . Sound quality ranges from decent to poor and there are video issues extreme enough that the auto-tracking on my VCR unceasingly attempted to adjust on the worst tape thus far . The worst quality tape is also the most recent tape I 've unwrapped and I 'm a little worried about recording something I actually want to watch on the five remaining tapes , so they 're waiting for me to have a few hours to spend testing them -LRB- and the inclination to do it -RRB- . The extremely bad tape in question hit the trash today after I played through the recorded material . The missing bits of video and sound were brief enough that I was at least able to work out what was going on . The most recently used tape being of such terrible quality is also the reason I finally sat down to write this review.At some point before trying the tape that went into the trash as soon as it had been viewed , I remembered the tape that I had still had from the lot I had previously purchased ... oh , years ago . Back when Sam 's Club still carried blank VHS tapes in all the stores since that 's where I last bought them . : -RRB- I used the `` new '' tape that I had already had as a sort of control in the testing . Remember , the problem is n't that my machines need to be cleaned ... I cleaned the drums and heads before unwrapping any of the new tapes . It 's not that my head cleaner caused damage or the heads are fragged because my 4 ? - 5 ? - 6 ? year old -LRB- but freshly unwrapped -RRB- tape recorded with no quality issues . The problem is the lot of tapes that I bought in December.I advise you to consider the potential hassle and my experience if you purchase this item . I strongly advise youto test all cassettes in the lot immediately after receiving the shipment so you can return or exchange them if necessary and you wo n't be stuck with a bunch of old/poor quality tapes because you deemed the first tape to be of tolerable quality.I have n't made an attempt to buy more tapes . I wo n't make a decision until the other 5 have been checked out ... who knows , maybe the rest of the lot is prime . -LRB- What ? It could happen ! -RRB- In any case , if I do buy VHS tapes again I probably will not buy these tapes despite having had good luck with them in the past.Edit to add
 I bought these tapes as part of a `` buy one pack of tapes from Amazon and get this TDK tape 10-pack -LSB- for a good price -RSB- from a different vendor '' promotion . I assumed that the TDK tapes were covered under Amazon 's free shipping offer and did not realize , until I got the receipt in my email , that I was paying the outside vendor more in shipping costs than the price of this pack of tapes . To add insult to injury , the first tape in the pack did not work . Warning to all - if Amazon says a product is from a different vendor , go directly to the other website to see what you 'll be paying before you buy it through Amazon !
 The price was good , but the quality variable . I ordered two 10-packs , and some tapes seemed fine , while others were defective from the start . They did n't come packaged as 10-packs , but rather were loose tapes in a box . I 've already thrown out two -LRB- and missed the programs I 'd taped on them -RRB- , and I have n't assessed all of them yet.I usually am very pleased with Amazon and will continue to use them , but this purchase was definitely a let down . If it had been my first , it would have been my last . Fortunately it was not a high-dollar item.Buyer beware , and I 'd say it 's a good time to switch to a DVD recorder !
 All the tapes received were packaged as new but the quality of the tapes were poor for recording -LRB- Streaks and snow with sound fading from loud to inaudible -RRB- . The quality was the same on five different recorders . Do not purchase these tapes . I put this purchase in the category `` Flimflams '' .
 Majority of tapes were of low quality . Used in three different VCRs and tapes recorded with poor quality and played off track . The edges were dragging onto bottom of case . Probably old stock . Not cost effective to return . Thrown away . Will buy local in the future .
 Two of the five tapes I 've used so far had malfunctioning cassettes that I had to toss . Another goes in and out of black and white and color . As the saying goes , `` You get what you pay for . '' In this case , pay for another package . This is n't worth it .
 i have used 3 of the 10 pack and so far all three have messed up . they get caught in the vcr and you have to pull the tapes out . they do not rewind all the way . just beware
 so far one tape does not work . I use alot of tapes and cant find them in the stores anymore .
 Do n't ask me why I placed a second order of these tapesTDK 120 Minute Standard Video Tape -LRB- 10-Pack -RRB- . And , this was after experiencing that some of the first order were not taping the amount of hours and then after reading other customer 's negative reviews . I guess the price was so good , I hoped for a better product the second time . But , the second 10 tapes I ordered were even worse than the first 10 , including inability to tape past a certain amount of time such as 1-3 hours and picture distortion , rolling , etc. . Plus , even though they were not advertized as VHS , they were all VHS . I have , over the years , taped lots of programs on TV because I can not always afford to get cable or other TV services . So when I have the chance to tape some of the old movies or my favorite PBS programs , such as right now while I 'm at my son 's home , I tape them . But , I am so disappointed , frustrated , angry , and more at the quality of these tapes . I would send them back but I ca n't afford the postage . Amazon , are you interested in keeping a good customer who routinely orders from amazon.com ? If so , I hope you will do your best to make me feel better about spending my money on these tapes -LRB- 13.99 X 2 plus any shipping , tax , etc. -RRB- . Sincerely , Susie Herold
 They show you a picture of an 8-hr tape but send you the 6-hr tapes , this is an example of a bait and switch play on customers .
 This looked like a great deal , and was highly rated when I bought it . Sure looks cool , too ! Live and learn.I have two major gripes about it
 I was on the prowl . Searching for an mp3/cd player at low cost , and amazing sound , both volume and levels . I got this player and although it looks very cool indeed , it 's still weak . There 's no fastforward or rewind in songs ! What 's that about ? How could you not add that ? To get to song 160 you have to click the forward button 159 times ! Very inconvenient . But that would n't bother me at all ! If the sound was blow me away , amazing . But it was n't , it was what you would expect from a generic cd player . I need loud and I need bass . I also bought new koss headphones for this thing and still , dull sound . I ca n't yet point you to the perfect mp3/cd player . But trust me , it 's not this .
 The product description on the Amazon site says that `` resume picks up EXACTLY where the player left off '' . That is not correct . The owner 's manual correctly says that `` the player stores the TRACK where you stopped play '' . When you restart the player , it will start at the BEGINNING OF THE TRACK where you left off . That may work for some people , but not for those who want to pick up play in the middle of a long track . Amazon should correct the product description on its site !
 First off , the sound quality is lacking some punch . This is as loud as it gets ? I know this is a pretty cheap cd player but come on now , really ? Sure this cd player looks cool and all but this thing has no durability whatsoever . I drop this thing one time and the thing fell all apart . Now I 'm out $ 60 for this piece of crap . The features are okay -LRB- that 's it , its only okay -RRB- but you 'd kind of expect more from a Panasonic product -LRB- their suppose to be the leader in electronic features -RRB- . The sound presets are absolutely pointless , the live setting sounds like someone is playing the music from out of a pringles can , the bass muffles the sound of the music a little and the regular sound preset is really not any better than the previous two settings . The only redeeming factor of this product is that it does n't eat up battery power quickly but I would n't advice buying this based on this positive . DO NOT BUY THIS , I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS !!! PANASONIC CD PLAYERS STANK OF CRAPINESS .
 I purchased this scanner for its ability to scan transparancies , and so far it seems to be doing the job . However , compared to my primary scanner -LRB- Lexmark X5150 -RRB- , I found using it as a stand-alone very confusing and finally started using it only through my PaintShop Pro 7 . When it 's in operation , it sounds as if it 's grinding coffee , and there 's now a very discernable -LRB- and growing -RRB- streak on the inside of the glass . I 'd swap it out if it had been purchased locally , but for what it cost , I 'm not going to bother , since it 's already paid for itself over what it would have cost to have the transparencies scanned.It 's not bad as an auxiliary scanner , but if it 's to be your ONLY scanner , it just does n't seem likely to hold up . Caveat emptor !
 If you purchase this scanner be prepared to spend a few hours trying to load the driver and getting the computer to recognize the scanner , which it never will ... ha , ha . The trip to Cyber Hades has only begun ... come join along.When you finally do get ahold of Visioneer 's customer service technicians be prepared to spend another 2-3 hours after installing the repair utility they send you via email that this scanner -LRB- Visioneer 9210 -RRB- does not work with an operating system that uses the Windows XP service Pack 2 . Geez ! ... who does n't have Service Pack 2 with Windows XP ? I ca n't believe that Visioneer in the R&D ; process did n't check out their product before putting these scanners on the retailers store shelves for the unsuspecting customer unless they by chance get the real scoop beforehand on these helpful Amazon Review pages.I was told by a very helpful Visioneer technician over the phone that if I purchase another scanner after returning this one to not get one that has the Version 8 of PagePort like was on the supplied installation CD-ROM that I installed on my machine . When the technicans ackcnowledge there are serious problems with their product . Then you know to stay clear of this machine as I found out the hard way.I must say though , that customer service and technical support is excellent . To bad the product is n't
 I would n't buy another Visioneer product in a million years . The scanner functioned well for a short time , then gave me an error message that it was locked . It 's not . Visioneer offers no solution on its site , even though many many other customers seem to be having the same problem .
 There is no other way to put it . All Visioneers are garbage . Purchased my 2nd one -LRB- after first one died for no reason after a year -RRB- and have experienced many problems . Lately it wo n't let me scan anything because of an error saying to `` unlock your scanner '' . There is no Freakin lock on the darn thing !!! After contacting the company many many times -LRB- btw - there customer service sucks ! - No telephone number , unless u pay $ 2 per minute , just a computer-generated machine that unsuccessfully helps you called SARA -RRB- . I finally put a claim in through the Better Busines Beaureau , there response was that they could n't send me a new scanner cause it was after 1 year of my purchase , but they would be so kind enough as to let me purchase a new one and give me 25 % off of their price -LRB- which was probably an elevated price -RRB- . I told them to kiss off ! Anyway - please do n't buy this product or any Visioneer product - they Suk !
 I thought this would be a great solution for us since my toddler son is the main `` user '' of the dvd player and switching dics is a pain and exposed them to scrathes and so on . Unfortunately , after having this player for two weeks , it 's obvious that it 's just not up to snuff . Just last night I had to stop watching Lord of the Rings because of dropped frames and pixelation that kept annoying me . I plop the disc in our portable player and no problem . The same scenes play without a hitch . I think Panasonic cut too many corners on this one .
 Perhaps it was just the particular unit I received , but this player had a problem recognizing DVDs and often would n't play them . Thankfully , Amazon has a great return process which made it easy for me to send it back for a full refund , and order the F85S model instead , which is so far working great !
 I ordered 2 of these 2x1GB memory upgrade kits . They seemed to install easy enough but about 2 weeks after install 1 of my pairs had died on me . Computer could not boot because of it . After swapping some sticks around I was able to isolate the problem to 1 pair of modules.The other is still working -LRB- for now -RRB- ... and while I understand failure happens with everybody ... I will not likely buy PNY memory again as I will go with a more reliable brand .
 Just received 2 x 1 GB kit in the mail , installed it and nothing , power on , no POST , no Beeps . Called PNY 's tech line went through the phone steps to get live support , just to be given their voice mail :-LRB- very unhappy
 I installed these modules on my HP DX2200 -LRB- 2 x 1Gb -RRB- . The machine does not start . I tried one module at the time without success . Reinstalling the original module -LRB- PC2-5300E-555-12-G1 , 1GB 2Rx8 -RRB- the machine worked fine again . I believe these memory modules are not 100 % compatibles with some DDR2 motherboards . It is hard for me to get a refund because I 'm overseas , so I will put them in the trash .
 I order a quantity 2 of this item -LRB- 4 GB total -RRB- . One set would not pass Dell 's memory test . The other set work ok . I returned the bad set and requested a replacement set . The replacement set also would not pass the memory test and when used in my Windows XP system caused errors resulting in a Windows `` blue screen '' . I now have no confidence in this PYN OPTIMA . I am going to try again using Kingston . As a note , Amazon did a great job both with the replacement and the eventual refund .
 Installed memory to my motherboard and it fried my MB and monitor ? Basically had to throw away both my monitor and my motherboard
 PNY is the worst memory product you can buy . It lasted less than a year . The customer service is slow and trys everything not to honor the warranty . I would like to give PNY minus one star , but the system does n't allow it . DO NOT BUY PNY PRODUCTS , UNLESS YOU FEEL LIKE THROWING YOUR MONEY AWAY .
 BEWARE of PNY 's customer service . They are horrible to work with if you get DOA memory , which happened to me on 1 of the 3 pairs that I ordered . They make cheap products , then put you through hell to return them.You have to fill out the form on their website with WAY too many questions , then you must wait for a response . Then they simply email you back and say to call a phone number -LRB- 1-800-234-4597 -RRB- and start the process over again . Their phone system is AWFUL and puts you through loops , then it hung up on me TWICE . Their customer service people on the phone are rude , and unwilling to help . I told them I would be writing a review on Amazon , and they did n't care . Also , cross-ship return is not available unless you pay a non-refundable $ 30 fee , in addition to a hold on your credit card.A word to the wise
 I bought this PNY memory as it was the one speced by them for my Dell computer.I have had nothing but problems after I installed it.Bought another brand -LRB- Crucial -RRB- and that worked perfectly.Be guided accordingly .
 While the Amazon product descirption and the package insert notes that the memory runs at 667Mhz and is compatible with systems running at 533 MHz , this is not strctly so . Wile some -LRB- most ? -RRB- computers needing 533MHz memory will accept this product , some older computers like my EMachines T5082 require 533MHz memory and only 533MHz DDR2 memory . Be forewarned
 I purchased the PNY DDR2 PC2-5300 memory for my aging E-machines T-5062 computer . The total memory before the upgrade was only 1GB , hardly enough for any Windows Vista computer . So I upgraded using the PNY PC Memory Kit to 2GB . Immediately , there was a noticeable improvement.For 30 days , things were great ! Yet , on day 31 , my computer booted up with a Blue Screen . After spending 3 hours of multiple Blue Screens , I tracked down the problem to the RAM . When I replaced the RAM back to the original 1GB memory that came with the computer , the problem went away.DO NOT purchase this brand -- it 's not worth it ! To make matters worse , Amazon 's 30-day return policy ended yesterday ! What a piece of junk !
 UPDATE 11/11/11
 No problem with the vendor , shipped promptly . Arrive securely packaged and brand new . It just did not work in the computer I ordered it for even thought the ad for the product had a method of selecting the right memory by computer model number.I was careful to put the memory in the correct slots according to the computer maker . With this memory installed the computer would not boot . When I took it out and replaced the original memory it started fine.disappointed and out some money but not angry with the vendor
 Purchased for an upgrade for one of my computers . Put it in the computer and all seemed well untill it ran for a few hours , Windows kept crashing due to memory issues . I would not reccomend buying these due to what I see as a quality issue .
 I purchased 2 kits of this memory for a computer of mine and in less than one year , 3 of the 4 chips went bad . Tested bad using Dell 's Memory checking utility and would not post with them installed . I contacted PNY and they have refused to honor their warranty , and in fact , were rather rude and cavalier on the phone . I would STRONGLY recommend avoiding PNY products in the future . Not only are they of poor quality , but customer service appears to be even worse
 Computer would not boot up with ram installed . After testing , it was found that one of the sitcks were defective .
 i would of given it one star if it was n't for the fact that my computer worked with what they sent . the product is advertised as a 5300 ram and i was sent 4200 ... HUGE difference , would of given it 5 stars if it was n't for the wrong kind of RAM .
 ORIGINAL
 I first received my purchase in good time . But it did n't work . I accept that that was my fault -- the seller had included the warning that I might need `` low density '' which I did n't see.I contacted him with the info that it did n't work , and asked pointedly what I could do , if even make a whole new purchase , to get the memory that would work , ASAP.He replied , very tersely , to return the non-working memory , and make a payment via PayPal of $ 24 , both of which I almost immediately did . He gave me no courtesy whatever or indication of when I might receive the urgently desired memory.I think that was over 3 weeks ago , now ; and I have n't heard the slightest word or even acknowledgment.Please inform whether I can get my money back from this person and order from someone else , so that I can get the memory I need.ThanksBob
 This memory is usless to me . I have a 775 dual motherboard and this memory crashs the board regulary . Ran Memtest and found one chip is junk and the other just barely functional . ie Bad spots all through the first and only a few bad spots on the latter . WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS . Try Kingston
 I bought this memory and it works fine . I sent the rebate to PNY and they sent a postcard stating `` missing receipt '' I did send a copy of the transaction but there is not a `` receipt '' included in a online transaction .
 The two memories were bad or used , I try each and only a memory started but to the second showed blue screen , I had to buy another equal in Venezuela and worked perfectly , I can not give back you because I live so far `` Venezuela '' and it leaves expensive , What a deception ?
 Better Deal ??? It is cheaper , but it reminded me of when the original and the 1st replacement hard drives from my Dell Dimension 4700 crashed , the dreaded blue scene with lots of words and long fault file names . At least this time no beeping noises came from the computer itself . I tried the suggestion of separating the 2 Rams , it did not work . I installed mine 1 Kingston 533 and 1 Cruical 677 from the same PNY purchase , no crashing . But when I put in additionally , with the previously mentioned Rams in their slots , 1 PNY Optima Dual Channel DDR2-667 MHz PC2-5300 Desktop DIMM Memory Module , the dreaded blue scene appeared . Cheaper does not compare to the head/heartache it cost , and the worry whether the computer itself is damaged , I am not too computer savvy . The extra $ 1 for purchasing 2 individual Cruical 1 GB is worth it .
 I ordered these very expensive 2x1 gb of ram . The description claimed to work with Dell PC computers and it does n't fit into my computer . Beware of this seller and make sure the items you buy 100 % is compatible and legit . I 'm in the process of getting my refund .
 Install them for less than 5mins , the PC started to beep , and shut down . Took out one of the modules and PC works fine . put that one module to every memory slot available , same problem . so its pretty much half DOA . Wanted to get it replaced , but not in stock anymore . Probably will get it from another brand from now on . Of course Amazon is the best and I could just return it . And at least get my money back .
 We ordered this ram to install in a Dell Optiplex GX280 in the office . Once we installed the ram the computer was alot faster and everything was fine until yesterday when i got a call saying that the computer would not boot to the operating system and all it would show is a black screen after the DELL logo . So i figured it had to either be the ram or the video card and i told him to swap the new ones out -LRB- PNY -RRB- with the old ones that were originally in there and what do you know ... It worked fine !!! So all that i can say is i would not reccomend buying this ram because it failed in three months and thats not what i had expected from this company .
 Bought these to upgrade a customer 's PC . Worked fine , for 4 months , then one module died , fails memtest86 . Unfortunate but it happens .
 Attempted to upgrade a Dell Inspiron 530S from 2GB to 4GB of Ram using these 2 1GB module . One prevented the computer from booting at all . The other failed Dell diagnostics memory test . Thank you Amazon for your return policy .
 I had the same problem with a brand new VCR that I purchased . The person who commented above is absolutely right . For some reason Panasonic , sony 's vcr 's refuse to accept older tapes . They either spit them out or they play at the wrong speed . Like the customer above I refuse to play ONLY NEW TAPES in my VCR and strongly encourage anyone who has had the same problem to return the product RIGHT AWAY , and always test a new vcr with an older tape . It 's the only thing that will stop this nonsense .
 On October 12 , 2002 , we bought a Panasonic PV-V4612S VCR from Circuit City to replace an old VCR . We took the VCR home , hooked it up , and tested it to make sure it worked . We have two VCRs and do n't use either one very often , so it was n't until December that we realized that the new Panasonic VCR would not play or record on older video tapes but instead would spit these tapes out immediately . Our other VCR -LRB- and the VCR that the Panasonic was purchased to replace -RRB- never had this problem.I called Panasonic 's 800 number and discussed the problem with a Panasonic representative because I thought maybe the VCR was supposed to reject older tapes for some reason unknown to me . The Panasonic representative assured me that the VCR was not supposed to reject older tapes and told me to take it to an authorized Panasonic service center , which in this case was Consumer Electronic Service . I dropped off the VCR at Consumer Electronic Service . However , Consumer Electronic Service -LRB- CES -RRB- told me there was nothing wrong with the VCR . I brought in one of our older tapes and showed them that the VCR rejected the tape . The CES representative told me that it worked fine with his sample tapes -LRB- which appeared to be brand new -RRB- and that there was n't a problem if there was only one tape that the VCR would n't work with . I told him it was many tapes , that our other VCRs had no problem with these tapes , and offered to bring in more tapes to show him the problem . He refused , insisting that if he could get the VCR to work with his sample tapes that there was no problem with the VCR . I appealed to Panasonic , but this time a different Panasonic representative told me that Panasonic would have to accept the service center 's diagnosis . They said that I could not get a refund or exchange the VCR for a new one . The only option Panasonic now offered was for me to return the VCR to Panasonic in exchange for a `` reconditionedE -LRB- i.e. , used -RRB- machine . Of course , by the time I got the used VCR back , the product would be out of warranty.I am amazed that Panasonic and their certified service provider both refuse to admit that the inability of a VCR to play some videotapes is a defect . I am also very disappointed that the only option offered by Panasonic was to exchange this VCR for another , used VCR which might have had the same problem , at which point the product would have been out of warranty . I am sure that most consumers expect to be able to play their entire video tape collection on a VCR that they purchase . Because this VCR could not play the majority of our videotapes , I believe that this problem certainly does constitute a breach of warranty and consumers who purchase such a machine should have the option of returning the VCR to the manufacturer for a refund . It certainly seems that here , Panasonic used its certified service provider to create the illusion of independent evaluation while actually the certified service provider must be collaborating with Panasonic to declare defective merchandise `` non-defective , Ethereby sticking the consumer with merchandise that does not work for its intended purpose . I will not be doing business with either Panasonic or Consumer Electronic Service of Cary in the future .
 On October 12 , 2002 , we bought a Panasonic PV-V4612S VCR from Circuit City to replace an old VCR . We took the VCR home , hooked it up , and tested it to make sure it worked . We have two VCRs and do n't use either one very often , so it was n't until December that we realized that the new Panasonic VCR would not play or record on older video tapes but instead would spit these tapes out immediately . Our other VCR -LRB- and the VCR that the Panasonic was purchased to replace -RRB- never had this problem.I called Panasonic 's 800 number and discussed the problem with a Panasonic representative because I thought maybe the VCR was supposed to reject older tapes for some reason unknown to me . The Panasonic representative assured me that the VCR was not supposed to reject older tapes and told me to take it to an authorized Panasonic service center , which in this case was Consumer Electronic Service . I dropped off the VCR at Consumer Electronic Service . However , Consumer Electronic Service -LRB- CES -RRB- told me there was nothing wrong with the VCR . I brought in one of our older tapes and showed them that the VCR rejected the tape . The CES representative told me that it worked fine with his sample tapes -LRB- which appeared to be brand new -RRB- and that there was n't a problem if there was only one tape that the VCR would n't work with . I told him it was many tapes , that our other VCRs had no problem with these tapes , and offered to bring in more tapes to show him the problem . He refused , insisting that if he could get the VCR to work with his sample tapes that there was no problem with the VCR . I appealed to Panasonic , but this time a different Panasonic representative told me that Panasonic would have to accept the service center 's diagnosis . They said that I could not get a refund or exchange the VCR for a new one . The only option Panasonic now offered was for me to return the VCR to Panasonic in exchange for a `` reconditionedE -LRB- i.e. , used -RRB- machine . Of course , by the time I got the used VCR back , the product would be out of warranty.I am amazed that Panasonic and their certified service provider both refuse to admit that the inability of a VCR to play some videotapes is a defect . I am also very disappointed that the only option offered by Panasonic was to exchange this VCR for another , used VCR which might have had the same problem , at which point the product would have been out of warranty . I am sure that most consumers expect to be able to play their entire video tape collection on a VCR that they purchase . Because this VCR could not play the majority of our videotapes , I believe that this problem certainly does constitute a breach of warranty and consumers who purchase such a machine should have the option of returning the VCR to the manufacturer for a refund . It certainly seems that here , Panasonic used its certified service provider to create the illusion of independent evaluation while actually the certified service provider must be collaborating with Panasonic to declare defective merchandise `` non-defective , Ethereby sticking the consumer with merchandise that does not work for its intended purpose . I will not be doing business with either Panasonic or Consumer Electronic Service of Cary in the future .
 I bought a Minolta Dimage s414 , a superb camera , and my first digital camera also . But made the mistake of ordering the minolta accesory kit , this included : a -RRB- the cheapest carrying caseb -RRB- the cheapest batteries and chargerYou can buy a better carrying case , batteries and charger for half the price somewhere else .
 The camera case in the kit does not fit the Dimage Z2 as indicated by the description . The camera is much to large for this case . I bought this kit at the same time as the camera with recommendations from Amazom for accessories . Did n't even open the charger . Ca n't use the case so $ 40 for a battery charger ? Do n't thing so , I 'm sending it back !
 I just purchased this player from a retail outlet last week . I could n't get MP3 CDs to work at all , it just keeps searching tracks . Then I found out that it does n't even play audio CDs -LRB- brand new , no scratches -RRB- . I 'm walking around with a $ ... portable radio . Do n't get me wrong , the sound is good , but based on other reviews , I 'm taking it back and getting a different brand . I like the ID3 tagging feature and do n't mind paying a little bit more for that feature .
 too bad it does n't last . I bought this CD player because i trusted Panasonic , and liked the price tag . The headphones ok , but they always fell off my head . The radio reception is pretty nice and it does n't skip when playing CDs . The only problem I had with it was the fact that the names did n't show when i played MP3s . However , the durability is by far the worst I 've ever seen . Within a month the part that held the cd player closed had broken off , and the motor that turns the CD was broken . My friend had the same one , and the laser broke as well . I would recommend this only to people who have only a month before they go deaf and want a cheap short-term CD player
 The one feature that I really need in a portable CD player is that it resumes exactly where play left off when I pressed stop . The Panasonic SL-SV550 CD/MP3 player claims to do exactly that , but what it really does is start at the beginning of whichever track play was stopped at . So if you 're 15 minutes into a 20 minute long song , press stop then press play a few seconds/minutes later , it starts over at the beginning of that 20 minute long song . I do n't know what most people 's definition of `` resumes exactly where it stopped '' is , but that certainly is n't mine.Doesn ' t anyone make a portable CD player with a real resume feature any more ?
 I had very little use , less than 2 hours before the latch broke off while keeping it in a bag . While it was in use , it seemed fairly good , but the volume is too lowI 'm questioning Panasonic as a company in general after this and getting a VCR that likes to spit out tapes
 I wanted a CD player to listen to audio books , so when I saw the review above that said this CD player started again exactly where you had stopped , I thought it would work . Unfortunately , it only starts exactly where you stopped if you leave the power on . If you turn it off , it starts at the beginning of the track you were listening to - not exact enough for audio books !
 For the specs of the Panasonic SL-SV550 CD Player souned pretty good , well CD player , plays MP3 formated CD 's & AM/FM radio , however it hasnt lived up to what I expected . First time I ever droped the CD player it snaped open breaking the front latch & the back sensor , taped the back sensor down so now it plays CD 's but the lid doesnt close so I keep it in a case or put something ontop of it while playing . The sound quality on the headphones is n't good at all , sound doesnt go loud & you can hear everything going on around you . Also some people said the radio reception was great , well it isnt great but it isnt terrible , but I 'm leading more towards the bad reception side . One good thing about this CD player is all the features -LRB- CD , MP3 , AM/FM Radio -RRB- and the somewhat long battery life . Also this CD player is very light . In the end , I would n't reccomend buying this CD player to anybody else , find something else .
 My parents bought this personal CD/MP3 player for Christmas . I was pleased with it in general . Earlier this week the switch that holds the lid down broke off . I took it to one their authorized repair places . They told me that they no longer fixed such things . I then called Panasonic customer support . Where I was told that I could send it in to Panasonic in Texas to have it replaced for $ 50 . I for one may never buy a Panasionic product again . Due to horrible customer support and lack of quality in thier prouducts .
 I ca n't recommend this player . It has one big flaw that I could n't past . -LRB- I returned it the day after I bought it -RRB- The maximum volume is extremely low ! Unless you are going to listen to CDs in a quiet area or need to hear surrounding sounds -LRB- such as a baby crying -RRB- , do n't buy this player . Even with seperately purchased high quality headphones , you 'll still hear almost everything going on around you .
 I was very dissapointed when I tried to turn up the volume , it was not loud at all . Also the headphones were cheap and the buttons too small ... I do have to admit that I do n't have any problems with it skipping or functioning in general , but I am very unhappy with my purchase .
 I was so dissapointed when I finally tried this much awaited delivery . Finally I had a mp3-cdr-cdrw-am-fm-player narrowed down from a very few choices I must say . The feel was of cheap plastic . It started to skip after 5 minutes of testing . And I could n't hear a thing through the -LSB- bad -RSB- headphones . I plugged it in the car , cranked both car , and player volume to the max , and I could get sound equivalent to what would sound as setting 3 on the volume dial in my car compared to setting 25 . I sent it back . And so the quest goes on . Any suggestions ? I am looking for mp3-cd-cdr/rw - with at least fm tuner , for hard core gym , and running workouts , with tons of volume . Oh and I did not take this player to the gym .
 Well ... a couple things bothered me about this product . At -LSB- another internet site -RSB- , where I got the cd player from , the description of the unit said that an AC adapter is supposed to come with it . It actually does n't . I only intended to use the thing when I 'm at the library to study mindlessly . They have outlets there and that saves lots of dough on batteries.The sound is also bad -LRB- and I know it ai n't my new Kinyo KY-90 pulsating headphones ... they can handle ANYTHING - -LSB- -LSB- UPDATE ON 01/07/04
 I got one from Target , and it broke after a few weeks . My sister later got the same one , and hers did the same.The latch to open the cover broke both times , so the cover stayed open unless we held it down or used scotch tape . Mine made clacking noises when I tried to play CDs , because something was wrong with the moving laser . Hers doesnt even play CDs anymore . . only the radio works.To be honest , we dont take the best care of our electronics . But we 've always been able to use our old portable cd players after accidentally dropping them on all sorts of surfaces . I think my Panasonic sl-sv550 broke after dropping it once from a height of 3 feet onto carpet . My sister said she dropped hers too . This player falls way below the minimum level of durability required by portable devices .
 I have two fundamental problems with this unit . The first is I can not play MP3 's on the unit . It scans the folders and files correctly then when you think it 's about to play it simply shuts off . I 've burned a small stack of CD 's - using various settings - thinking there was something I was missing - but no - as that small stack plays on my friends Sony MP3 car stereo.It does play my CD-DA music CD 's , but the volume has a low range . I expected more - I got less . Not sure if this unit is defective , but since I bought in the US and live in Costa Rica I appear to be SOL .
 I thought the sound quality was fine . The battery life is great . But there are some little problems . For one thing , it does n't let you skip forward within a track . That 's a problem if you 're listening to a book that has hour long tracks , e.g. , audible.com . More importantly , after a few months mine simply stopped being a CD player . It 's still a fine radio , but it does n't play CDs of any kind . So far as I know , it was never dropped or anything . I 'm hoping Panasonic will honor the warranty .
 It 's really crappy stuff . The sound is not good , the earphone is cheap , and it died around a couple of weeks.You will regret if you buy it .
 when i first bought the CD i left a review saying that the latch which keeps it closed breaks off very easily ... will guess what ? a couple of month later , after i had gotten it fixed , the latch broke off AGAIN.and then today ... my CD player just stopped functioning . the buttons do n't really do anything ... and the the CD does n't spin.SAVE YOUR MONEY ... DO N'T BUY THIS PIECE OF TRASH !
 I bought this based on the reviews stating that for a low end CD/MP3/Radio , it was acceptable but not great , and a good value for the price . However , it has a completely unacceptable issue with playing MP3 's
 when i first bought this cd player , it was a good deal and it seemed to be very well made . but after a few months it started to break down . the cd payer first started to rattle , and then it finally broke . also , the latch broke off quite easily . as for the mp3 player , it is almost impossile to play them . it is to much of a hassle to load them on to the player and 99 % of the time it dos n't work . also , it has a horrible volume range and the battery life was also very poor . the only good thing about this cd player was the radio , which was fairly decent and much louder then the cd player .
 So you bought an mb-d10 or equivalent . Or you want a spare charger . Or yours was lost at the airport . Whatever the case , this is your only option.It works fine.But damn you nikon , there 's no reason for this plastic piece of crap to be a -RRB- so big and b -RRB- so fv < king expensive . It 's a huge kludge . It takes up too much space in my suitcase.But there 's no alternative . Unlike batteries -LRB- I can buy three good quality third party for the price of one Nikon branded battery -- which , btw , costs the same as this wretched charger -RRB- . I love what this charger allows me to do , but it 's just an overpriced piece of plastic with some simple IC and a proprietary chip inside.I love my Nikon cameras and lenses , but crap like this charger makes me wonder if I 'm getting gouged on the other goods .
 Never before have I felt more gouged by Nikon than after buying this . It could n't possily cost more than $ 20 to produce this thing , I ca n't imagine how Nikon can justify this price . But , what can you do ? If you want this battery , you 're stuck.UPDATE 8/19/2010I recently purchased an off-brand from Adorama . It looked very similar to the Nikon brand , and it charges both the En-El3 and En-El4 batteries . Cool , huh?Nope , the Adorama knock-off charged reliably to 18 % each time , then stopped . EVERY TIME . I guess Nikon is the only way to go . For this reason alone Nikon gets one star .
 After spending a few hours getting to know this unit , I boxed it up and took it back to the store for a refund . They say that it takes DVD-R , but what you can do with that format is very limited . Do not buy this expecting that you can use it with the same freedom as a VCR . The unit does not take DVD-RW 's , so you ca n't erase and re-use in that format . It does n't allow you to create chapters or menus with the DVD-R format -- just a straight , plain old record . No markers -LRB- after you finalize the disc -RRB- , no chapters , no multiple programs , nothing ! On the other hand , it allows you to do all that with the DVD-RAM format , but it 's not a format that 's compatable with other DVD players , so you ca n't share things with your friends & family because it 's got this obscure format that nobody can use ! So , unless you 're in love with the DVD-RAM format , stay away from this one .
 I have owned this recorder for several months and found it to be the most frustrating piece of electronics I own -LRB- including my computers -RRB- . I finally took a hammer to the unit and it felt so good ! I have on several occasions tried to record long movies and have this unit `` crash '' near the very end -LRB- forcing me to re-record the movie and spending another 3 hours -RRB- . I have often spent much time getting this unit to record to a disc -- restarting the recording process after a crash -- perhaps as much as one out of four recrodings . Often I can not get the unit to open and give access to discs that have crashed . -LRB- The on/off button has no over-ride , like a computer , to reset memory . -RRB- I have been using Memorix blank DVD 's and would suspect that they are of fairly good quality -- yet I probably lose 10 to 20 out of a 100 . I must wonder if the hard drive is n't just too wimpy to be a good recorder . The manual says that it may be necessary to clean the lens for the laser . I ordered a panasonic lens cleaner for over $ 30 -LRB- they sell the same type of device at Wal-Mart for $ 9 -RRB- and cleaning the lens has no effect on performance . I will not be buying any more Panasonic products for some time to come . This is a rip-off . Mike in Buchanan , MI
 I had my unit for several months and I finally took a hammer to it . It is a shame that our government ca n't protect the consumer from being exploited by companies like Panasonic that make crap like this DVD recorder . It often would `` hang-up '' and impossible to get the discs in or out -- the little door simple would not open . I have spent up to 30 minutes tryng to get it to record on a disc and ended in failure . I have recorded on several occasions long movies only to have the unit crash near the end and have to re-record my program -LRB- another 3 hours -RRB- . It is the most frustrating piece of electronics I have ever owned . It is a rip-off !
 I purchased this machine mostly to timer record digital channels for later playback . The E50 Tuner only goes to 61 channels for Timer Recording whereas most digital cable channels or satellite are 200 , 300 or higher . You can not setup your Timer Recording to record different channels at different times if the channels are above channel 61 . Very strange for a supposedly digital device .
 I have the earlier DMR E50 and I have just taken the lid off to see if there is anything an engineer can fix in the troublesome peice of expensive kit . Its sort of reassuring to see so many others here who had had EXACTLY the same problems ... the machine crashes , locks up , ca n't recover even by pulling the power out , just because it dos n't like a disc , but then it wo n't let you get the disc out . It has consumed hours and hours of my time . It will only work with Panasonic discs . . nothing else ... . but now after 12 months it is just more and more choosy about exactly which disc ... indeed it is now no use at all . 400 down the drain , I used to like Panasonic . Do n't buy it .
 I bought this recorder to keep movies and shows I had recorded from my Ultimate TV -LRB- similar to TIVO -RRB- . At first it did okay , failing about 25 % of the time . It started having a higher and higher failure rate using the same types of discs . I have tried many brands of disc and had the same results . It is especially bad with long recordings over 3 hours . The failure rate now is probably 80-90 % . I will not be buying another Panasonic audio/video product .
 The machine was easy to set up but did not respond to included remote control , which differed from the manual illustration and instructions . Certain functions were not available on remote . Machine will not work with anything but Panasonic disks which happen to cost 2-6 times most other brands . Since I am planning to transfer literally hundreds of VHS tapes to CD-R , this just did not meet my needs . Finally , no matter which output on the machine I used , it never did show up on the TV except when the VHS was playing a tape through the DVD . So I am returning it and may try the Phillips which , even though it is more expensive , might be more what I want .
 I bought this unit based on other reviews I had read regarding compatibility . So far the only disc this thing will read is the one that was shipped with the unit . Even though TDK , Maxell and Sony discs were tried with the correct region and designations , the unit will not read them . Frustrating to say the least and no way to format or no help in the manual if this occurs . Maybe I am missing something here , but it appears they want you to only purchase their products .
 I bought this DVD player in July 2003 and enjoyed it until Apr 2005 , when it stopped working with a `` HO2 - NO DISC '' error.It turns out that premature death is a common problem with this player . A search on `` Panasonic DVD-S35 '' and `` NO DISC '' will bring up these reviews.Reviewers share a common complaint -- the player is great for the first year , and then dies -LRB- I got 18 months out of mine -RRB- . I strongly advise that you do not buy one of these used , as it is unlikely to last even a full year . -- Pat
 We had no problems with playback of DVDs , VCDs , and CDs with JPEGs , and used the DVD player about 2-3 times/month . At 13 months , it failed completely , powering off as soon as any disc is inserted . The power will stay on as long as I do n't insert a disc , but as soon as I open the door , load one in the tray , press the open/close button , and watch the tray slide closed , it shuts off within three seconds.Quick searches on the web -LRB- and of other reviews at Amazon -RRB- show this to be a very common problem . Apparently there is even a more common HOX -LRB- X = 2-7 -RRB- error that affects many others ' players , although we did not experience that with our particular unit.My own limited research shows many Panasonic models are affected by these problems , so to be safe , I plan on seeking another brand as a replacement . I will only buy another after doing extensive research on the web to identify a more reliable brand .
 I was really happy with this player , until it started giving me H02 errors for every DVD fed to it . Cost of repair is as much as a new comparable unit.Just not acceptable ... sorry , Panasonic , you 've lost a customer permanently .
 My unit was manufactured in April 2003 -LRB- mine just died last night -RRB- . Mine had average to below average usage . I am very dissapointed in this unit -LRB- and Panasonic 's support -RRB- . Who in their right mind is going to pay $ 100 to repair a 2 year old unit that only cost $ 89 ? In my opinion , Panasonic chose a substandard part in this unit and will not make good on replacing it . A big thumbs down for me ...
 Just like the other reviews you are reading . Works great for a about 6-8 months then any dvd you put in ... DEAD .
 I have owned over $ 100,000 of Panasonic manufactured devices , professional video and audio equipment , phones , bread machines , VCRs , and DVD players . All of the equipment that I have owned from Panasonic has been great with the exception of their DVD players.The first Panasonic DVD player I owned was the DVD-RP62 - Easy to setup , Awesome picture and sound , but the player skipped scenes , played intermittently , and finally , died after 10 months of light use . Yesterday I purchased the DVD-S35 - brought it home , set it up , and put in a DVD . The sound of the DVD was immediately apparent , it sounded like one of those wind up rubber band airplanes . An error popped up on the display indicating that I had put put in the wrong disk . I ejected the disk and checked it and replaced it . This time , it skipped the first two scenes of the movie , and started at the third scene where it immediately froze , stuttered , and jumped to the next scene.Panasonic has been a great company for every product I have ever owned . But I will never buy a Panasonic DVD player again .
 i bought this unit in april and have really enjoyed it ... until now . here it is , only august and already it is broken . it now emits a loud growling sound during the menu and first five minutes of every dvd . obviously it is having some difficulty spinning at that speed . the warranty for parts is one year , but after 90 days , the warranty for labor is already up . i had my previous player , a pioneer for 4 years with no problems . you get what you pay for i guess .
 It was a great dvd player at a great price ... while it lasted.After 9 months it stopped accepting all of my dvd 's -LRB- store bought movies and burned dvd-r 's -RRB-
 I purchased it back in Sept 2003 and just used it from time to time . 2 days ago it stopped working ; every time I put a DVD in it says NO DISK . It costs $ 90 to get it repaired . Their customer support is useless also ; you have to stay on hold 30 min before they 'll tell you that the best thing you can do is buy another DVD player . This time make sure is not a Panasonic !
 I unfortunately have to concur with the previous Panasonic S35 DVD owner . After about a year of moderate use , tonight it just stopped playing DVDs , and would shut off everytime I tried to load a DVD in it . The player had some great features , but apparently Panasonic uses inferior parts in its home electronics . I 've read similar reports regarding other Panasonic DVD player models .
 I purchased it back in Oct 2003 with minimal usage . I unplugged the unit today and went to plug it back in and it will not turn on . Based on other reviews I am not the only person to have this problem . This DVD player is a true POS . They gave me the option to get it repaired since it is beyond 90 days.This is not worth a repair ... Save your money ... Panasonic sucks ... . They charge a $ 90 flat fee but they cover the parts ... Why would anyone pay $ 90 to repair a $ 90 DVD player ... Throw it in the garbage and cut your losses . Their customer support is useless also
 SEE UPDATE BELOW . I 've used my trusty ol' Panasonic A-110 DVD Player -LRB- circa 1998 -RRB- for years and have been happy enough . I had paid $ ... for that model . Now comes the Panasonic DVD-S35 . What a player ! I guess a lot of improvements have happened over the years . From my perspective , this is a bargain . It plays everything but DVD-Audio , including JPEGs and MP3/WMA files , flawlessly . I do n't have a DTV , so can not comment on the progressive scan capabilities . But I have the S35 connected via component video cables to a Sony Wega TV and it looks great . All operations are smooth , quiet and intuitive . A must-buy bargain.UPDATE
 I have a 32 '' letterbox Toshiba TV -LRB- NOT high definition -RRB- . I put in a DVD and then used the zoom to fill the tv screen . The picture quality degraded very badly . Be clear , it was not a minor amount . The faces became blurred and the colors turned to mush . I tried everything in the manual to correct the problem . I tried the same test on my old Philips DVD player and the picture only degraded a minor amount . I am not recommending Philips because it has a hard time with episode DVD 's , remote is bad news , and loading is forever.I am not a picky detailed person . If something works okay that is good enough . I do not expect perfection.The remote on the Panasonic was okay and the DVD tray opened quickly . See , I found something good to say about the Panasonic .
 Do n't bother with this unit . It may have nice features and a great picture , but that wo n't last long . Had mine for just over a year and it failed like many others with and HO2 or H07 error message . Not heavily used , maybe one or two movies a week . What a disappointment ! I guess their short warranty period would underscore my UNRELIABLE JUNK comment . Do n't buy this unless you have money to throw away .
 Got it less than a year back.Did not use much , but it failed while watching amovie.The error was HO2.Do not buy this model .
 Thanks for all of the reviews on this discontinued product . It made giving up on trying to figure out the problem go much faster . We 've had ours since July and watch 5 movies a week . Now I realize that some of the problems we 've had with DVDs over the last few months were the player - not the DVDs .
 This unit ran well from Oct 2003 - April 2004 Died during Dora the Explorer ... Unhappy little boy ... Bought a Toshiba ... Is this typical of Panasonic Electronics ? Heck the batteries in the remote lasted longer than the player .
 The DVD player played MP3 's , VCD , CDR , CDRW , DVD , DVD-R , DVD-RW when I bought it on 08-17-03 . Now . .12 / 14/03 ... DVD only . I have re-initiliazed the DVD player several times , tried every other trouble shooting tip only to walk away feeling a bit agitated with my purchase.Let me preface this with I realize there are lemons out here . Apparently I bought one . The sad part is no one is willing to do anything about it and it has only been 4 months since I purchased it.The machine after a short 4 months stopped playing any other type of media except DVD . The really ironic part is I was replacing a Panasonic 5 disc DVD player that lasted 2 years . -LRB- I 'm starting to see a trend here -RRB- The Store I purchased it from in WI does not offer returns after 15 days and has a 90 day exchange policy . Panasonic is more than happy to have me send it there way , though labor is an extra charge on top of shipping . BOTTOM LINE ... . BUY SONY !!!!
 Good quality for a while , but died after 5 months with HO2 errors . Stay away from this one .
 I am shocked by the number of reviews with my same story . I had the unit just long enough to be out of warranty when it shut down . Mine will not even read DVDs , much less other media.As good as Panansonic appears for the money , I will find it hard to buy another .
 Bought it in June 2003 , started to give me errors -LRB- H05 -RRB- in March 2004 . It locked up half way through a couple of DVDs . New clean DVDs . It keep trying to read the disks and failing . A google search revealed that a lot of people said their panasonic dvd players did n't last a year . The warrenty is only 90 days for labor , 1 year for parts , so the options were to ship it away for a month or so then pay more than the cost of a new player for labor to get it fixed or buy a new non-panasonic unit . I bought a JVC for 80 bucks instead of getting it fixed .
 While I enjoyed decent picture quality and sound with this DVD player , it suddenly decided to die after 5 months . I already had had bad luck with it making lots of weird disturbing whirring sounds when playing certain DVDs -LRB- all bought from good retailers -RRB- and sometimes malfunctioning , pixelating with lots of artifacts . It would sometimes stall and I would have to reset the player by turning it off and unplugging it . Finally , after 5 months of infrequent use and perfect care , it refused to play any sort of disc whatsoever and gave me HO2 errors . It would also turn off by itself.Suffice it to say that I am ** very unhappy ** with this unit and wo n't be buying another Panasonic DVD Player again .
 This unit worked fine for the first nine months we had it . Then , we kept getting an HO1 error . The DVD would act like it was starting then the entire player would shut off . We read the manual , which was no help . Called Panasonic for tech support . They said the laser is probably misaligned from a drop or putting something hot on the unit -LRB- neither happened -RRB- . They said we could send the unit -LRB- at our cost -RRB- to them and they would charge us for parts and for labor OR we could purchase a new player for $ 100 . Since we 'd only had the player for nine months and had treated it wonderfully , neither choice seemed acceptable . We are not satisfied with the way Panasonic handled this case . Basically , we had DVD watching for less than a year and we 'll have to purchase a new player . It certainly wo n't be from Panasonic .
 Do not buy a Panasonic DVD Player . Lasted 14 months , and then I got the dreaded H02 error .
 Like most other people , my panasonic DVD player died on HO2 error too . I have used it only two years and I could never expect such short life span . After I searched about HO2 error on the google , I found that it is the most common error occuring in panasonic dvd players within two years . Further more , fixing cost is more than new one . -LRB- $ 89.99 for labor cost + shiping and handling -RRB- When you buy DVD players , do never buy DVD players with Panasonic logo .
 I bought this dvd player April of 2004 , and if failed yesterday morning , January of 2005 . It kept turning off and sometimes displayed an HO2 error . Do NOT waste your money on this junk . Panasonic was NOT helpful and recommended a repair shop . I recommend a different brand that comes with reliable reviews . I 'm extremely disappointed . It took my daughters and I a year to save for this dvd player and less than a year later , we have nothing again .
 I purchased this DVD player in June of 2004 . On January 1 , 2005 it died . I put in a DVD , it tries to read it , and simply ... turns off . No HO7 error or `` no disk '' ... just turns off . I 'll never buy a Panasonic DVD player again . However , I purchased their matching amplifier , and it works great , thought there is a fan in the back to cool it off , so not sure how long THAT will last before it breaks . I 'm off Panasonic , moving on to Sony ...
 This worked great for one year ! . Now it shows `` no Disc '' orH02 -LRB- what is that mean ?!! -RRB- . I have to double think beforebuying a panasonic again .
 I am so disappointed in my S35 player . I bought it in April of 2003 and had no problems whatsoever , then in July of 2004 the `` laser '' went out and showed `` No Disc '' on the display screen everytime a disc was inserted . According to an authorized Panasonic dealer that I contacted this `` laser '' would cost me a few Hundered dollars to replace , even though the player itself cost only $ 90 . It 's awful that big name companies are allowed to do this to thier consumers who go to them expecting quality products , not a wild goose chase , or a loss of hundreds of dollars for a simple piece of equipment.I would have been better off buying the no name player my friend got for $ 20 at the swap meet ... at least his still plays : -LRB-
 Like other reviewers after about 1 yr it just stopped reading DVD 's and CD 's . Broke down just as the warranty was expiring . I bought another Panasonic in 1999 that is still going . I alyways thought this one seemed cheaper . I guess I was right . Because of the price its not worth repairing . Time to change brands .
 I bought the DVD player in late September last year . I watch about 2 to 3 DVDs per week and had no problems with the player until last night when it suddenly would n't play any DVDs . I put in several and everytime I did it would just shut off . It would stay on as long as I did n't place a DVD in it . I called Panasonic and from the tone of customer service rep I could tell she had received similar complaints . She also told me that she had also received complaints in which consumers received an error message similar to the one described by previous reviewers . She said it sounded like something had shorted out and recommended a repair service . Frankly , I 'm not surprised that this product has been discontinued .
 Small comfort that I 'm not the only one having trouble with this player . It has been steadily degrading since six months after I bought it to the point where I no longer can play DVDs without the player ruining the experience . Called Panasonic and got no help except being offered to buy a refurbished replacement for $ 90 + shipping . No thanks ! I will never buy a Panasonic DVD player again.Stay away !
 I bought 2 Panasonic s35s and one Panasonic s55s , panasonic s55s never worked , it has no power so i have to shipped it back to the merchant and the s35s works fine for a while!I was able to use it for one week and after that just like the other unit it was totally dead-no power ! How frustrating , i used tho think that panasonic is durable because we have this panasonic TV that we have since i was a child and it 's still okay but after my experience with their DVD i am having second thoughts . I think it was a Nightmare !
 The sharpness , color , and audio sound of this DVD player are superb . Even music audio CD 's sound excellent . However , there are operating limitations which made it very difficult for me to use this model S35 . Although others may not find these limitations quite as bothersome , I returned my machine because of them . First , the remote is too small , the buttons are tiny and close together . I have a normal sized adult hand and could not manipulate the buttons with one hand lest I press the wrong button . The print that identifies the buttons is tiny and dim , not readable in a darkened room . I also had trouble controlling the skip button , moving ahead more than one track if I was n't real careful . Second , the details of the on-screen display are too small to see except when you get closer to the t.v. screen . And the readout on the unit could also be bigger . The S35 model is touted for its thin styling , and advantage . But perhaps its thinness sacrificed a larger display on the unit . Third , I never had a DVD before , so I needed to learn its various functions . The manual was useless to me . Yes , it showed all functions , but it did not really explain some of them in enough detail for me to understand . For example , the manual showed what buttons to press for `` group `` but did not explain what a `` group '' is.I would rate this S35 ten stars for picture and sound quality but about 2 for convenience of use . I have not tried any other machines and therefore do n't know how they compare with this one .
 On October 12 ... we bought a Panasonic PV-V4612S VCR ... to replace an old VCR . We took the VCR home , hooked it up , and tested it to make sure it worked . We have two VCRs and do n't use either one very often , so it was n't until December that we realized that the new Panasonic VCR would not play or record on older video tapes but instead would spit these tapes out immediately . Our other VCR -LRB- and the VCR that the Panasonic was purchased to replace -RRB- never had this problem.I called Panasonic 's 800 number and discussed the problem with a Panasonic representative because I thought maybe the VCR was supposed to reject older tapes for some reason unknown to me . The Panasonic representative assured me that the VCR was not supposed to reject older tapes and told me to take it to an authorized Panasonic service center , which in this case was Consumer Electronic Service . I dropped off the VCR at Consumer Electronic Service . However , Consumer Electronic Service -LRB- CES -RRB- told me there was nothing wrong with the VCR . I brought in one of our older tapes and showed them that the VCR rejected the tape . The CES representative told me that it worked fine with his sample tapes -LRB- which appeared to be brand new -RRB- and that there was n't a problem if there was only one tape that the VCR would n't work with . I told him it was many tapes , that our other VCRs had no problem with these tapes , and offered to bring in more tapes to show him the problem . He refused , insisting that if he could get the VCR to work with his sample tapes that there was no problem with the VCR . I appealed to Panasonic , but this time a different Panasonic representative told me that Panasonic would have to accept the service center 's diagnosis ... I am sure that most consumers expect to be able to play their entire video tape collection on a VCR that they purchase . Because this VCR could not play the majority of our videotapes , I believe that this problem certainly does constitute a breach of warranty and consumers who purchase such a machine should have the option of returning the VCR to the manufacturer for a refund ... I will not be doing business with either Panasonic or Consumer Electronic Service of Cary in the future .
 This fan won Maximum PC 's Kick A$ $ Award which is why I purchased it . Instructions to install are poor at best . Although Cooler Master makes installation look easy you must pull out the entire motherboard to secure a backplate on the underside of the motherboard . I have a BRAND NEW motherboard that was even used in the instructions page in the illustrations and the backplate would NOT fit ! I had to use nuts that were supplied for a different processor and worked fine . However , it only cooled CPU by 1-2 degress at best . As a result I returned it for a refund and bought a front case ventilation fan for $ 20 that improved airflow and reduced temp by 8 degrees .
 I bought this keyboard a couple of weeks ago , and I did not like it from the beginning , but decided to give some time to accommodate to unfamiliar layout . Now I fed up with it.I type this review on it , so I get the reinforcement to my one star rating every space between the words - namely the curved space bar is almost not moving down when you press it not in the center ... I hoped that Microsoft knows to manufacture at least hardware.Unfortunately their hardware quality is consistent with their software .
 The keyboard came with dirt inside the keys , one of the back risers was broke , and two keys had the letters worn off .
 This was a replacement keyboard . Best one I 've found yet and will keep using it until I ca n't replace it anymore .
 Note
 This is a terrible keyboard . I have always used Microsoft keyboards in the past , but this one is not typical of their normally great design.The space bar is very stiff and it has n't gotten any better after 4 months of use . I am throwing it out and buying a competitors product .
 This keyboard is what i was looking for . . I have big hands and the ergonomic is the only way to go . I had this keyboard for two weeks and i spilled a little bit of water on it . Half the keys on the left side stopped working . . I quickly unplugged it and my friends said let it dry out . I let it dry out for three days and the keys are still broken . . Its now three months later with a non working keyboard . . Very bummed that a little bit of water would destroy this keyboard.Ive had many Logitech keyboards wireless and wired . Even spilled water on those and they still work like a charm.I tried to see if i can get a warranty or trade in from there website have not even heard back from them i sent over 5 emails .
 This is the minority report on this keyboard 's `` ergonomics '' for anyone about to waste cash on this poser . Firstly , if you are one who inhabits a cleanly lit office space with about 1 candlepower of light per square inch this jet-black stealthy keyboard could be quite suitable there . If not so fortunate , a crippling flaw of this keyboard will present itself rather immediately ... the constant fishing around for the proper keystrokes led only by your sense of touch . Sure I upgraded from a noisy , clicky , dirty white , AT connector keyboard that I ran into the ground after years of abuse . It was spacious , not compact like this one -LRB- heaven help you on a smaller keyboard than the 4000 -RRB- . I could get up at 0300 and bang out a letter with ease , bathed in only the dim light of the monitor . Why ... BECAUSE MY OLD KB HAD EFFECTIVE KEY BUMPS YOU CHEAP MS MORONS.Maybe you 're more tactile-sensitive ? Prepare yourself for the non-existent keybumps . Buyer Beware !!!
 wHAT 'S THIS YOU SAY ? mY TYPING LOOKS OBNOXIOUS ? wELL , WELCOME TO LIFE USING THE mICROSOFT eRGONOMIC kEYBOARD . wHILE THE KEYBOARD IS ATTRACTIVE , STURDY -LRB- EXCEPT FOR THE FEET -RRB- , AND LAID OUT WELL , THE SOFTWARE HANDLING CUSTOM KEYBOARD PROPERTIES IS TYPICAL OF mICROSOFT
 I love the shape of this keyboard . The curved , split design feels wonderfully natural under my fingertips , and the wrist wrest provides excellent support . Unfortunately , the key response is terrible . Keys are spongy and require a good bit of force to press . The worst offender is the space bar , which , as other reviewers have noted , is wobbly and unresponsive if pressed anywhere other than in the middle -LRB- and , given the split design , the middle is a difficult and impractical spot to hit -RRB- . The space bar also rattles quite loudly , which may not be appreciated in a quiet office setting.I really wanted to stick with this keyboard for its excellent ergonomics , but the key response was a deal breaker . It 's back to the trusty old Comfort Curve Keyboard for me . Now if Microsoft could figure out how to combine the light , pleasing keys from that with this one 's ergonomic shape , they 'd have a real winner .
 Loud keys are a serious issue , but I sent this back and exchanged it because of issues with the spacebar . I found if you hit the spacebar off center it would stick . This was the case with either my left or right thumb . This happened often enough to seriously slow down my typing .
 I have used an earlier Microsoft ergonomic keyboard in my office for 10 years or more and love it . When I needed a new keyboard for home , I quickly purchased this one . Regretfully , this keyboard is much worst than the old one . As mentioned in other reviews , the keys are hard to press with the space bar being the worst . As I type , letters are frequently missing . While the layout and features of this keyboard are great , the keys are terrible .
 I got a standard Leveno keyboard and I thought this one will be better in term of ergonomic . But it 's not in 1 way - required a hard key-press . The first thing I tried it , I immediately realized that I need a very hard press on keys . I thought because it 's new . However , after using it for 3 months , the tips of my fingers get hurt because I need to push too hard .
 I purchased this keyboard -LRB- 4000 -RRB- from Staples to replace a 1999 Natural keyboard that had finally given up the ghost -LRB- I still have my original 1994 Natural Keyboard which surely part Energizing Bunny , it keeps going , going ... -RRB- . The 4000 went back to the store the the next day and I replaced it with a Natural Keyboard Elite.The problem , that would be the space bar . I really liked everything else about the product , but could not get around the space bar . It does NOT engage when pressed , usually on either of the outer areas at the corners . I am a touch typist and this space bar significantly dropped by speed and increase my error rate . I tried to train myself to press more to the center of the space bar which worked just fine , but time and time again I would find myself pressing one or the other of the `` little wings '' with the result of no action and no space produced.I have used the natural keyboard for 18 years and would choose nothing else . But this keyboard is just very poorly designed for a touch typist . A newcomer or hunt and pecker would probably not have this trouble with the space bar.I would have given it only one star but liked the other functionality of the keys and especially the raised lip on the bottom of the wrist side of the keyboard . I have been using a negative angle on my keyboards for many years and just find that is the less stressful way to type . -LRB- negative angle is when the edge of the keyboard where the space bar is , is higher than the further edge of the keyboard , where the function keys are -RRB- . This position allows the fingers , wrists and forearms all to be in a natural straight line , there by decreasing at least one of the causes of carpal tunnel syndrome .
 I purchased the keyboard just THREE MONTHS ago and the space bar is starting to malfunction . It either sticks and wo n't create a space or , as in the sentence above , sticks and creates too many spaces . This is with only average use . I have two other computers , an office desktop at work and a Toshiba NB205 . The keyboard on the Toshiba , comparatively , is excellent and has lasted well through two years of constant , vibrant use . Other keys on the Microsoft `` product '' also gummy now . Poorly `` Mad e in China , '' under the Microsoft label/gi mmick .
 Fine keyboard , exactly what I expected . I was replacing a similar keyboard where the letters had worn off the keys . Guess what ? Withing six months an even worse problem -LRB- letters wearing off on the keys -RRB- with this keyboard ! NOT recommended !!
 i got this keyboard after a bad bout of tendonitis . shortly thereafter , my pain moved from inside my wrists -LRB- due to tiny keyboard -RRB- the the outside -- due to the sloped hump in the center , which makes me hold my wrists sideways . the search continues . just be really aware of how you use it , and try it out in the store first if you can .
 Features are great including new keys introduced above keypad and soft handrest . However , the spacebar is difficult to press 30 % of the time . The spacabar is the most used key on the keyboard . This occurs when you tend to press the spacebar near the top of the spacebar -LRB- closer to the next row of letters -RRB- vs on the lower half . The key is bigger too than normal keys which magnifies the problem . You just would n't expect hot spots on keys and the spacebar has hot spots and cold spots .
 This keyboard is terrible . I bought this keyboard to use my laptop as a desktop . But this keyboard is far from being satisfactory . The buttons on the keyboard are so sparsely distributed that you have to have big hands to type comfortably . The zoom control in the middle of the keyboard kills your speed . The distance between two parts of the button sets are too wide -LRB- please see my photos , you can put three fingers between B and N -RRB- . I mean look at that , it does not make sense to put zoom control in the middle of the keyboard . The buttons are also located terribly . I have to correct and retype almost every word because of the buttons . Some buttons are larger than others , that also bothers me a lot . The space button is awful . It 's annoyingly noisy . The keyboard is extremely large . they could have made it smaller and more compact . It 's almost as wide as my 21.5 inch monitor . All in all , I do n't recommend this keyboard , there are much better products than this one . Do n't waste your time and money .
 As is customary , I did a ton of research and after much agonizing , ended up with this one . Sent it back within 2 seconds . I really could n't / would n't get used to the split style . And above all , the crappy spacebar was clunky , loud and felt incredibly cheap -- which is ot what I wanted in a quiet keyboard.A waste of time .
 Great keyboard . Loved it ! But it broke after only 3 months . Several keys suddenly stopped working . Tested it on multiple computers so definitely the keyboards problem . Going to try an Inland which looks the same , is half the price and has gotten good reviews .
 I wanted this keyboard because I have tendonitis in both hands and arms , and the layout felt very comfortable in the store where I tried it out . However , as some others have mentioned , the spacebar requires a lot of force if you have small hands and can not press it down in the center . My thumbs and wrists hurt after just a few minutes -LRB- I could work for 15-20 minutes on my old keyboard before having that much pain -RRB- . It 's a shame because otherwise I really like the design ; maybe they could split the space bar into two keys -LRB- one for each thumb -RRB- and then you would n't have to press it so hard .
 I spend anywhere from 3 to 7 hours typing nearly every day . I bought this keyboard thinking I would relieve some of the aching that recently developed in my wrists and arms . I tried for over a week to get used to this keyboard and finally decided to return to my old one after nearly ending up in tears from my discomfort and frustration . I was never able to adjust to the key placement and my typing speed was severely affected . I do n't necessarily wish to discourage anyone from buying this keyboard , but instead ENCOURAGE trying it out in a store first . I believe I should have tried a less ergonomic keyboard first as I may have had an easier time adjusting . Pay close attention here
 Microsoft ? I would love to buy your ergo boards but you keep doing one thing that drives me to Belkin , every time ... you place the 6 key on the WRONG side of the split !! For typists like me , this is very frustrating . I would buy this board , but I ca n't use it for my work .
 The keyboard is canted upward in the rear , and the 6 key is on the same side as the 7 key vs. the 5 key . I could n't use it .
 I used the original Microsoft Natural keyboard for so many years I ca n't remember , but I bought it the first year it was out . It was still working fine when I switched to a black Belkin copy . When I took that to work I bought the Microsoft Natural 4000 for home . It is fine except to one thing - after writing one book with it the E , D , S , and C keys are nearly blank . OK , that book was a year and half in the making and about 1 million characters but still my first one was put through much more than that with almost no letter wear . I do n't understand why they would apparently cheap-out on the lettering .
 A tiny beverage spill should not destroy a keyboard and especially if it 's left to dry for a while . These keyboards are destroyed the moment a few drops of liquid gets in-between the keys . I 've gone through three of these and all liquid related . I tried to deal with it because I hate changing keyboard layouts and I use the same at work . I guess I 'm going to replace my work keyboard at the same time and just be done with this company and their fragile products .
 The keyboard 's design is beautiful ; it 's lightweight , the key locations are well thought-out , and the built-in wrist rest is nicely positioned and comfortable . However , the keys themselves are much too firm ! Using this keyboard actually made my wrists hurt * more * . I had to switch back to my cheap $ 10 standard white keyboard .
 love everything but the spacebar is kind of hard to press and takes decided effort . . kind of hard to press . . am i going to get arthritis or carpel tunnel from this ?? i returned it once and this second one 's the same . . not sure what to do . .
 I like it except for the space bar sticks . It is a long bar and if you press it in the center it 's okay , if you press to either side it sticks . I think it is a design flaw . Would not recommend .
 I really liked this keyboard for the first few months I used it . Then a while ago , F5 went out . A problem , because that is `` go '' in SciTe and `` Execute '' in JCreator , so now I have to navigate windows . Today , I hit print screen , and nothing happened . I tested the keys , and F1 through print screen do not work anymore . I do n't know why , I have never spilled anything on the keyboard . But quite frankly , I need print screen , and really really really would like to have F5 . F4 would be nice too.Other than that , I do n't have problems w / the space bar , like some people do . It was weird at first , but I 'm used to it now . My typing speed is slower , but I type thoughtfully , so I only notice if I 'm transcribing . It has helped my wrists , which used to hurt all the time , even when not at a computer . All the extra keys just sit there , I have n't trained myself to use them . I ultimately chose it for ergonomics , and it 's insert/home/delete / end configuration , which was very important to me , because I use those keys constantly too.If it were n't for keys failing , I 'd give this 4 to 4.5 stars , but I dropped $ 60 for this keyboard , and now it does n't work .
 I have an elbow problem that requires me to use an ergonomic keyboard . Microsoft is the only company that makes a proper ergonomic keyboard . I have used the older version at home for years . I purchased one for work about 9 months ago . It was wonderful . The keys were tight , with no play . I liked it so much that I requested one for Christmas . The one I received had a quality issue . The spacebar was very noisy - and drove me crazy . So , I returned it and ordered another . The second one was worse . Not only did the space bare `` clack '' , but the `` N '' key did not work properly . We then went to Best Buy and purchased another . This one is a bit better , but the space key is still bothersome . The quality of this product has deteriorated over the space of 9 months , and I would not now recommend it . This is quite sad , because otherwise the product is excellent . I have notified Microsoft that they have a quality control issue .
 I 've always liked ergonomic keyboards , and when I first saw the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000 a couple of years ago , I immediately ordered one for myself . I have to date ordered 4 of them . Of the 4 keyboards : * The first one , bought for my home computer , lasted 2 years and 8 months . It did n't show any faults until it suddenly died this last friday . * The second -LRB- bought for a family member -RRB- one 's key markings wore off on approx . half the keys during the first year , making it very difficult to tell which is which . * The third one -LRB- bought perhaps 6 months ago for my office -RRB- has an entire area of the keyboard -LRB- letters y , u , h , j , k , n , m -RRB- that is only very faintly responsive , so that you have to bang those keys hard to get the letters to type . * The fourth and assuredly final one , bought as a replacement for the first , had the spacebar key fall off as soon as I took it out of the box . The metallic pin which gives the key its `` springiness '' was assembled the wrong way . After rectifying this and plugging the keyboard in , I found that both shift keys , the return and enter keys , several of the F keys and the media keys -LRB- I stopped testing at this point -RRB- , did not work at all . I tested the keyboard on several computers and stripped the keys off and replaced them with those of the first keyboard , just in case there was another problem with the keys . There was n't . My first keyboard of this model served me well , and if you were to get one like it , I would recommend this product . Unfortunately , the product 's quality seems to be getting progressively worse with time , and I 'm upset enough with the experience that I wrote this review to warn you away from it . I ca n't describe the feeling of replacing one malfunctioning keyboard with another of the same type , only to discover that the replacement is malfunctioning as well , just out of the box.I used to say that Microsoft 's hardware division did much better work than their software division . I take it back .
 It 's a comfortable keyboard to use , and the extras like the volume buttons and other shortcut keys are nice , but the workmanship and quality is just lousy . It often misses the ` i ' key when I 'm typing which is quite annoying . Yesterday my escape key stopped working all night until it magically started working again this morning.I have also had problems with a recent Microsoft mouse that I bought , which they replaced for free after 6 months when I called them and complained , but the replacement lasted only another 6 months.I love MS 's ergonomic designs for their mice , keyboards , and gaming devices , but they really need to get some quality control if they want to keep their reputation in this market segment .
 I 've had this keyboard for a few weeks . It 's my third split ergonomic keyboard , my first from Microsoft . The hand position feels just right , but depressing the keys is noisy and unpleasant . The space bar is worst of all , since hitting it anywhere but right in the middle requires an extra hard press . And since this is a split keyboard , my thumbs do n't reach to the middle of the space bar when in the standard typing position . I had hoped the space key would loosen up to allow my off-center use without requiring so much force to depress it . It has n't , and I still find myself correcting missed space typos weeks later . I use this keyboard with a laptop when at my desk , and I keep catching myself typing at desk height on the laptop to avoid the Microsoft keyboard , a no-no for me due to a repetitive stress injury . While I read about the space bar issue before purchasing , and decided it would n't bother me enough to make me choose something else , buying this keybord was a mistake for me .
 I upgraded from the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard to this one and I am back to using my original keyboard . The good thing about this keyboard is that it allows you type in a more comfortable and natural position . The wrist rests are a bit softer than my original natural ergo keyboard.If you use this for typing out letters , amazon reviews , and essays , you will do just fine . That 's because your two thumbs will rest in the center of the SPACEBAR . This is enough force to get desired response.If you use the keyboard for typing and game playing , then you will have an issue with this keyboard . That 's because a gamer will most likely press the SPACEBAR key from the sides and that will cause a sticking seesaw motion with the key . I went to the store and tested other Microsoft keyboards and it seems they addressed this issue with the wireless 7000 combo keyboard . It costs a lot more than this one.Let 's call this keyboard Windows ME . It works for some but annoys others . Go for the 7000 which is Windows XP . Hope this helps .
 I just ca n't get used to the Ergo type keyboard , used to a flat one , never seem to get my fingers on the right keys ... I have three other Microsoft keyboards and all are flat and I like them , but this style is n't for me .
 After reading a ton of reviews on this keyboard , I decided to purchase one anyway . I got two whole weeks out of it before the `` y '' key stopped working altogether . Undaunted , I tried another , the second board was slightly better in that all the keys seemed to work ... most of the time . The entire board is unresponsive and unreliable . For anyone who types quickly , this is not the keyboard for you . In addition , the lettering on the keys is rapidly disappearing . I love the setup and the feel of this board . Everything I look for except it 's usability . If there are any missing `` n '' 's in this review , you 'll understand why .
 Like most others have stated and I wished I listened before I purchased , the space bar is very poorly designed and difficult to depress . I 've found that if I use my left thumb it works well , but trying to depress it with my right thumb in the upper center quadrant of the bar is almost impossible . I will probable be returning this otherwise great keyboard .
 Using the most recent Intellitype 8.0 mouse and keyboard drivers on OS X Snow Leopard , my system would crash -LRB- Kernel Panic ! -RRB- almost daily . It always happened when I would press a key -LRB- such as the arrow keys -RRB- in rapid succession . I could never reproduce the error at will , but when it did happen it was obviously frustrating since I 'd lose everything I had running at that time . Deactivating the drivers would not help.After my system froze for the third time in a single day , I completely uninstalled all of the MS Intellitype software and have n't had a problem since . Only downside is I do n't get to use the functionality of the extra keyboard/mouse buttons , but so far the trade off is worth it.I love the keyboard otherwise , I had the previous Natural keyboard for 15 years and hope to keep this one just as long .
 I bought this to replace my original generation natural keyboard which I had for seven years at work before one of the keys stopped functioning . This keyboard lasted just over a year of home use . I do not consider that an acceptable lifespan for a keyboard , especially one at this price point.With this poor reliability I 'd suggest buying something of higher quality , or lower cost -LRB- like the 2000 series keyboard -RRB- so that you either get something that will work for a longer time , or wo n't feel bad about throwing away after a year of relatively light use .
 Since there were so many complaints about the space bar on this , from so far back , I figured Microsoft would have fixed it . Nope . On the one I got , if you hit it just right , dead center on the LEFT side only , the sound was tolerable . Only one problem
 I am on my second one of these . The first one lasted 3 years , before several keys started refusing to respond -- even with extra pressure . But that 's not my problem . My problem is the keycaps . The ink used to print the letters is very low quality , and although it took a couple of years for the first keyboard 's paint to wear off , the second one wore off within weeks . Trying to get microsoft to fix it ? Nightmare -- a call to them , and they wanted me to send this $ 40 keyboard back , at my expense , then they would send a replacement ... meanwhile ? What do I use for a keyboard ... ? And it 's heavy and bulky . It 'd cost nearly as much as a new one.I love the layout , though , and finding true ergonomic keyboards is becoming harder to do , what with Logitec bailing out completely , along with many other vendors.So I make do with my Brother P-Touch label maker 's little tags replacing the worn paint . But these only last a week or so , before needing replacement.I suppose I could purchase from a local vendor , then return it within their trial period for a replacement , and keep this up until Microsoft starts paying attention to quality control ... . it 's a pity , they did n't take a lesson on how to make keys from the old IBM keyboards from early 1980 's . Those used double-shot plastic , and the letters went all the way through the plastic .2 of 5 stars , for poor quality manufacturing.Edit -- Update -- I have fixed the missing paint on the keycaps . I located on-line -LRB- another vendor -RRB- some extremely durable acrylic keycap labels . They were roughly $ 10 or so , but they have fixed this keyboard 's only major flaw . I followed the instructions , cleaning the key tops with strong cleaner -LRB- I did not worry at this point , in removing paint ... -RRB- and then dried with clean paper towels . Then I stuck the labels with tweezers . Perfect .
 I had this keyboard for at least 3 years so I can tell you exactly what to expect from it : First of all , this is the best keyboard around in terms of ergonomics . If that 's the only thing you 're looking for then stop reading right now and buy this thing ; the leather-ish palm rest is great and never looked worn or dirty . The keys are soft and not overly loud.I 'm giving it only two stars because of the many flaws I found while it worked :1 . Keys fade quickly . In about 2 or 3 months tops , the imprint on the most frequently used keys will disappear completely . This is normally a non-issue for experienced typists , but since I work with Unix consoles most of the time , remembering where the pipe or the backlash is was infuriating . Not to mention the fact that it should not happen on a `` premium '' product .2 . Space bar gets stuck . This happened mostly when the keyboard was new . After about a month or so the key loosened a bit and rarely got stuck again , but probably my fingers started remembering where to press on it to avoid that too . Sometimes it still got stiff as if the spring went bad .3 . Two drops of liquid were enough to kill it . Obviously you should not get a keyboard near any liquids , but everybody do it all the time and usually they can handle a bit of moisture . Well , not this one . I took it apart to see why it stopped working and I was surprised to see that the plastic `` floor '' under the keys is not a single piece , but actually has lots of cracks and holes by design , and they give direct access to the electronics to anything you may throw in there by accident.I 'm now using the excellent Fellowes antibacterial ergonomic keyboard , and while it 's not as full-featured as the MS Ergo 4000 , I can tell already is a better quality product designed to last .
 I bought one of these 3 years ago and was satisfied by it . The new one has very clunky action in the space bar . Otherwise , it is a good design .
 The space bar is loud , and you have to strike it hard pretty much dead center to make it work consistently . If you do n'treally whackit , orifyou hit it closer to the sidethanto the center , you endupwith textthatlooks like this .
 I was quite satisfied with the keyboard until a weird phenomenon started.From time to time , randomly , the keyboard just get stuck on a key , typing this key repeatedly to the console . Something like thaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ... -LSB- ... 200 times ... -RSB- ... aaaaaaaa ... -LRB- etc -RRB- - until I unplug the keyboad from the usb port , and re-plug it.Very frustrating , for such an expensive keyboard to do such things!It is NOT something that should disturb me when I -LRB- try to -RRB- focus on my work .
 I do n't understand how this keyboard has gotten so many positive reviews . It 's really bulky one , and keys are not soft at all . I had trouble even in pressing some keys - had to return it on the same day I received the product . What a waste of time .
 This keyboard is terrible , multiple key strokes are dropped causing the typist to have to constantly backtrack to correct misspellings . Keys on the incline are the worst in this respect , y , h , n , m , t , g , b constantly have to be repressed or pressed with a strength that will tire out the hand .
 ridiculous
 After about 3 months of home use , this keyboard went totally wonky on me . Certain keys became nonfunctional and the majority of the rest of the keys typed a letter or symbol other than what it was supposed to be . Extremely irritating and , of course , rendering it completely useless . Went back to my old standby , the Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite .
 the lay out is just fine , but it took a few weeks to learn to hit the keys hard enough to make them work , I now find myself pounding away at my keyboard , which is working ok for me . but - since I now work around others , I have annoyed everyone around me with how much noise I make , the space bar was the hardest to learn to hit , you have to really go at it to work it , its a very loud key . it will interrupt others phone calls in the area . it is so noisy , they are making me get a new one . the keys are also so hard to use , I do end up making countless mistakes even after using it for over 6 months now . its easy on your hands from a position point , but I wonder how much wear and tear I am getting from the way I have to pound these keys ? it 's just too much effort to keep using . I have also worn most of the letters off the keys .
 I 've bought Microsoft ergonomic keyboards for years . My previous one lasted two years before keys mysteriously died -- not great longevity , but acceptable . But my newest one has become useless in just over 5 months . Today multiple keys on the right side just died on me , seemingly out of nowhere . Reading these other reviews , I guess they have a quality control problem with this board now ; buyer beware .
 I bought this keyboard for my mother as she has wrist issues and uses the computer often . Everyone who has tried the keyboard has found the ergonomics of it to be pretty mediocre . The deathblow to it is that the space bar has the worst feel to it , and makes a loud clanking noise . Not too happy with it , but oh well .
 Not easy to hit space key . It 's stiff in some angle in typing and loud . Not recommend this keyboard .
 My wrists have been hurting from using my flat aluminum apple keyboard and back in the day I used to use the older microsoft natural elite keyboard and thought that i could give my wrists some love and get an ergonomic keyboard . I 'm a week into using it ... here 's the overview : Loud as hell - clackey noise from this keyboard must be driving my office neighbors crazy . Nobody else 's keyboard is this loud.Spacebar sticks where you ca n't press it or it stays down.They keys are hard to press so my typing has slowed down quite a bit . I thought that i would miss keys because it has been years since my last microsoft natural keyboard , but i have a surprisingly low error rate - the shape is about the same as my old one I would guess . It 's just a lot harder to type on this thing ... so even though my hands are in a more natural position -LRB- wrist straight -RRB- my wrists hurt after typing because it 's so hard to press the keys.I 'm very likely to return this unless there 's an easy way to get a replacement that does n't have these issues .
 I 've had this keyboard for almost a year now and am finally giving it a review . I 'll try to keep it simple with some pros and cons : Pro : Great assortment of buttons . Everything you need really . I use the volume controls all the time , and the calculator shortcut is handy . The favorites function is also helpful though I use it less.The curve and the height adjustment is great for keeping wrists raised.The light built in padding is great for long term use . No need for a separate gel wrist pad.Cons : The space key sticks . From day one to day 365 . I thought I 'd get used to it , but I have n't . It is terribly annoying and leads to many spelling mistakes when typing fast . I 've greased , oiled , cleaned , and have n't found any improvement . Given that a keyboard 's main function is to type , this is a non-starter for me.The paint on the keys faded within 2 weeks . Yes , I can type without looking , but its strange to have a keyboard without having any of the letters identified . I can only see the function keys and the numbers . The home row and the one above and below are completely blank.In reading other reviews , I see these issues are n't unique to me . I can not recommend this product .
 Due to a crack in my work laptop screen I asked my husband to run out and buy me a monitor and keyboard today . He came back with this keyboard and it looks great and I like the way it is shaped . However , the space bar is so poorly designed , it is n't really useable . Every time I hit the space bar it make a loud whacking sound . It is incredibly hard to push down , to the point I have been using this keyboard less than thirty minutes and I have pain in my right thumb and the area connecting to my pointer finger . Great job making an ergonomic keyboard that actually CAUSES pain . I had to take breaks to type this review . This is going back today . I searched the web and found complaints of this issue since 2008 ... how lazy is Microsoft that they have n't fixed it and keep selling it ? I wo n't be buying a Microsoft replacement of any kind because of this . It is a shame because the keyboard is great otherwise , but this flaw renders it unuseable .
 First off , I did give this some time to adapt to -LRB- around 1 week -RRB- and it is not the positioning that I have an issue with , it is the tactile feedback of the keys . I am not expecting mechanical keyboard feedback , but these keys are some of the hardest keys to press down for a membrane keyboard . Pressing down the space bar especially makes your thumb tired quickly . This defeats half the purpose of an ergonomic keyboard if you have to strain constantly just to press down the keys . Also , the size of the keyboard is just monstrous . I 'm not sure where you would be able to put your mouse without having to adjust your space or reach really far out with your arm , again defeating the purpose of the ergonomic factor . I am returning the keyboard as we speak . I would rather type on a better feedback experience -LRB- mechanical classic layout -RRB- than an ergonomic with the stiffest keys of any keyboard I have ever used .
 The space bar was hard to press down and caused pain in my thumb joint ! Very bad design , given this is supposed to be ergonomic .
 How is this spacebar possible ? This keyboard is hardly usable . Do n't buy this unless you 're looking for strength training for your thumbs . I 'm sorry , what ? I could n't hear you over this noisy spacebar . I would write more , but my thumbs need a break .
 I 've had two of these , and while I like the keyboard design , it is NOT designed for households with cats or kids who might spill something on them . The last one fried after only a few drops of water spilled onto it . I 'd only had it 3 months . Durability would n't be such an issue if it were n't so expensive . I 'll be looking for an under $ 20 keyboard I do n't have to worry about .
 It was almost a better keyboard than all the rest , BUT - It is less bent than the earlier natural keyboards -- - unless you are tiny , your wrists wo n't be straight - the home-end-pgup-pgdn key group are changed again -- - back to 2 rows of 3 keys - - - if you just relearned the 3 rows of 2 keys layout , this is really bad - the left corner of the wrist rest is cut way too close -- - if you have big hands the edge digs into your hand - miserable ! - the rows of keys are FLAT -- - you must prop your wrists up high - - - - so you do n't hit the key below the one you want - - - - BUT adding a wrist rest hides the LED 's for caplock , etc - - - - - and blocks the back & forward buttons - the cord exits right on the edge - - do n't let it land on edge - the cord will be severely bent - - - I lost a Natural MM KB with a cord like this - - - - -LRB- Natural Pro recessed the cord exit , no risk of bent cord -RRB-
 The keys are much harder to depress than most of the keyboards out there . The keys are much stiffer than the generic Microsoft ergonomic Natural Keyboard elite . The space bar is at a poor angle and takes a conscience effort to depress .
 The Keyboard design is fantastic ! Nevertheless I would highly recommend that you AVOID this model . During normal typing 1 out of every 20 times you hit the space bar it will work . Your sentences become one big long stream of letters and you have to unnaturally SLAM the space bar to make it work . Not a good keyboard for anyone that does typing faster than 5 - 8 WPM
 The spacebar is practically unusable . If you hold your hands in a normal position then you 'll likely hit the bar near the edge . Due to a pitifully bad design the spacebar will bend incredibly far before suddenly snapping and finally registering the keypress . Yes , if you press it closer to the middle then it will work -LRB- but still requires far too much force to be considered ergonomic -RRB- . Why should anybody have to use a non-standard typing style to use a keyboard , though ? Does n't that defeat the purpose of supposedly being ergonomic ? It 's just really difficult to understand how such a bad design got onto the market . Absolutely do n't waste your time on this keyboard .
 This may work great for you , but I 've owned a Microsoft keyboard for 3 years and I program with it 10 hours a day . Things you should consider : Microsoft uses an `` F-lock '' key design , where the F keys along the top are not enabled until you hit the F-lock button . Every time you come from suspend or restarting , you have to mess with that F-lock key if you want to use key combinations such as alt + F4 . It 's infuriating.MS keyboards -LRB- especially this one -RRB- are very wide and use a ton of space to the right of the arrow keys , mainly for the number pad . That 's bad , because you have to reach a long ways with your right hand to grasp your mouse . I find that having to reach such a long distance for the mouse is what hurts my wrist , and not so much from the curvature of the keyboard or anything like that.These defects do n't become apparent until you 've used the keyboard for a long time . My suggestion ? Look for something that does n't use an idiotic F-lock design , and get a keyboard without -LRB- or with a detachable -RRB- number keypad section , so your hand can get to the mouse more easily .
 Bought this keyboard in August . Today 5 months later the spacebar stopped working . Under microsoft warranty you must pay for the shipping to send your defective keyboard to them first before they send you a new one . Uhm no thanks . I 'm just going to buy a new one at any store switch them and give microsoft their broken keyboard back that way then write a bad review on amazon costing them thousands more in lost business . Way to go backwards company microsoft .
 This keyboard was terrific for me until the E and L keys stopped working 55 days after I purchased it . Unfortunately , Microsoft 's warranty on this keyboard only lasts for 45 days . So now I 'm stuck with a large , useless keyboard . I would recommend buying an ergonomic keyboard with a stronger return/refund/exchange warranty.UPDATE 3/18/2008Surprisingly , Microsoft sent me a replacement for the aforementioned keyboard . It worked like a charm until this morning , when the exact same thing happened again . Random characters and other random things started happening on my Mac until I unplugged the keyboard . Hopefully Microsoft will be kind enough to replace their replacement . Whether they do or do n't replace this one , I can not recommend this item at all . Beware that if you purchase it , it might stop working suddenly .
 This keyboard has nice large keys and an agreeable shape but the keyboard action is way too heavy and it takes up so much space that you have to move your mouse way off to the side . I 've switched over to an old , flat logitech keyboard that agrees with my forearms/wrists much better . If you 're looking for an ergonomic keyboard , I 'd keep on looking.Also , the software for mac is stuck in the dark ages . Ca n't ding it too much for that , but it 's hilarious to see it mention `` sherlock '' , which has n't been around for the past decade .
 I enjoy the ergonomics of the key board , but one feature that I also love is the quite touch keys . Well they all are quite except the SPACE BAR , the most used key of all ! It 's some how seperated from the rubber spring pad under it , so every time I press it , it makes a loud clicking noise . Well the space bar spans both left and right hand sides and , in my case , only the right side of the space bar clicks , so I 've slowly been learning to use the space bar with my left thumb . This may not work because I 've spent so long using my right thumb . The fact of the matter is , I should n't have to make these exceptions . Do n't be gutless like me and make sure you return your keyboard if any of hte keys make clicking noises .
 Everything about this keyboard is great except for the single most used key on the keyboard , the spacebar , which is noisy , sticks , and is difficult to push down . I thought that it might just be me but after doing some research on the Internet this seems to be a common problem . Basically , buying one of these is like playing Russian roulette with your keyboard purchase.In my frustration I removed the spacebar key and played with bending the wire attached to it . There are two grooves on each side of the key that the wire is supposed to attach to , but in mine the wire was not long enough to extend into this second groove . It also rubs against the key press slot underneath since it 's too short in another area as well.After doing quite a bit of bending I managed to get the spacebar working well when pressed on it 's right side , and luckily I only use my right thumb to hit the spacebar . Given how common of an occurrence this problem seems to be , and my fear of returning this keyboard only to get another broken one , I can not give this keyboard more than one star .
 Alt-f4 does n't work because Microsoft remapped the keys on this keyboard so the keyboard 's shortcuts do n't work the same way as the Windows operating system .
 I agree Microsoft has to work on quality control , here 's a paragraph with the word `` none '' typed with this keyboard to show how often it did n't register `` n '' : none none none none none none none none one none none none one none none none none oe none none none oe none none none none noe none none noneIt reduced my word accuracy by 17 % by eating `` n '' in 5 of my 30 sample words ! A pity , there are so many lemons in this line , since it is an otherwise a good product !
 I 'm a touch typist , and was taught that the left index finger types the numbers four and five , and the right index finger types the numbers six and seven . Guess what ? The number six is split off from the right side of the keyboard so you must type it with the left hand . After typing the same way for thirty seven years , I can not adjust . Plus this then requires you use the left index finger for three different numbers . Is this supposed to be an ergonomic style ? In addition , I 've used the keyboard for about two mos . -LRB- with 10 days of vacation in the midst -RRB- and already four of the keys have the printing nearly worn off . Not a good quality ! Too bad , because the shape is comfortable .
 I was very excited to order this keyboard . I have used Ergo keyboards exclusively for over 10 years now but this one I just could not adjust to . It was hard for me to reach all the keys that required my pinkies -LRB- it actually hurt and gave me finger cramps ! -RRB- . Although the key layout did n't * look * all that different from what I was used to , it * felt * really different . I had a hard time doing any shortcuts with the CTRL key too . And the way the keys pushed felt weird , like I could n't really feel if I had struck the key , I had to look at my screen to see what I 'd typed .
 Microsoft Natural keyboards have been kicking around for a long time , and while they are reasonably inexpensive and decently constructed , I find them even less comfortable to use than flat keyboards . The only keyboard I have ever found to be a real improvement on standard ones is the oddly shapedKinesis Advantage USB - Keyboard - USB - black . I have used mine -LRB- an older version , of course -RRB- for over ten years , despite its worthless function keys , because it is the only keyboard I can find that lets me type as much as I want without causing my wrists to hurt . My hands are large with long fingers , but otherwise normal , so I do n't know why my experience with ergonomic keyboards seems to be atypical .
 The keyboard was easy to install , but once installed you notice a huge transition from traditional keyboards ! Some of the keys have a little too much spring in the keys ... meaning that they keys can be difficult to push down . The spacebar is not easy to push down w / your thumbs . It makes typing cumbersome at times . Not sure if it is really helping me too much . I 'd stick with a traditional keyboard that is a lot easier to push down on the buttons .
 I bought this from another vendor , and immediately had to send it back . The first 4000 keyboard I got , some of the keys did n't work at all . So we sent it back . Just got the second one today , and like all the other one star reviews said , the spacebar doesnt work , and they keys are hard to depressed . Wears me out as well . I 'm headed somewhere I can try out the keyboards in person before I buy one . Dont buy this keyboard .
 This is my first ergonomic keyboard , and although it feels kinda strange , I know it will worth in the long run , but the space key is the worst I 've ever seen . Besides being huge , its hard and it stucks when you hit on the sides .
 I ca n't imagine why an ergonomic product , designed to ease physical effort/strain would require greater effort/strain in the most frequently pressed key , the space bar . I wo n't regurgitate the design flaw , since others on this board have mentioned -LRB- which I regret having accessed only after receiving the keyboard -RRB- , but I have put it back into the box to return . I usually try to avoid the hassle of returning things , but this keyboard is just too seriously flawed to overlook . Kudos to those of you who are n't bothered by it .
 I appreciate the keyboard design . With some practice , I am sure I would have gotten used to the keyboard layout -LRB- keep mis-typing -RRB- . I can even get around the hight and bulkiness of it , even though it is too hig for the keyboard drawer on my desk . What I simply could not accept was how sticky the keys are . I even thought it was a defective keyboard . But then I went back and re-read the reviews and realized that I missed that about this keyboard , in the negative reviews . For someone with arthiritic wrists or some other musculoskeletal problem of the hands , sticky keyboards are simply not an option . It defeats the purpose of a an ergonomic keyboard .
 DO NOT BUY THIS COMPUTER IF YOU HAVE A LIGHT TOUCH AND/OR SMALLER HANDS.THEY BLEW THE DESIGN WHEN IT CAME TO THE SPACE BAR!If you hit the edge or near the side of the space bar it will not spread the force of your touch-it simply does nothing.I 've tried other keyboards , demo keyboards at BestBuy and Frys , same thing.After 4 days of my thumb going numb I 'm returning this keyboard and will revert back to my orignial keyboard .
 Helps w/the CT thing , but slows my keying speed down as I have short fingers & never did keep fingers in place . Glad I decided on the wired instead of the wireless dollar wise as I suspect that would be the same & returning items is a pain .
 This keyboard worked fine for about a year . Then two of the keys would no longer type . After taking it apart , cleaning it out , and putting it back together , it functioned properly again . But even though they keyboard was not being used that often , the same issue reoccurred a few months later and two other keys would no longer type . When I then read reviews of this keyboard on the internet , I found that numerous other people were having the same problem with this keyboard . I wish I had read the reviews before buying it .
 It is a very nice keyboard but some of the keys dont work right . The company was great as far as giving me another one but this one has problems too . I do n't want to be a bother so I have n't said anything about the replacement being messed up too .
 I was thinking I just picked a keyboard that happen to have a problem with the space bar ... which sometimes happens with mass produced items . Every once in a while a unit ships that has a flaw . But after coming to look at the price - to compare amazon with the price I paid - I looked at the review and someone wrote yesterday that they have the exact same problem.So I think I 'll return this one to the store and buy the other one I was looking at - the same one I use at work . I just type too much and too fast to deal with this space bar and I do n't think it 's going to improve .
 I bought this keyboard thinking I had found my holy grail , only to be surprised 3 months later -LRB- that 's right , 3 MONTHS -RRB- when it completely stopped working . Took it apart , and realized there 's nothing to fix - it 's all a giant maze of electrical conduits.While the keyboard was super quiet , ergonomic and convenient , after only 21/2 weeks , the spacebar started sticking when pressed . I did not heed the negative reviews about it 's quality , thinking they were exaggerating , and I paid for that lesson learned.It was good while it lasted . All in all , a horrible waste of money . I have now switched and fallen in love with the Logitech Wave Keyboard -LRB- which I 've had 2 of for almost 3 years now ! They look and feel like new -RRB- .
 My boss and I both purchased this keyboard about 5 months ago and I am already on here shopping for a new keyboard ... I loved the design of this keyboard and have enjoyed using it , but some of the keys have quit working for no apparent reason ... We popped the keys off to see if something had fallen under the key and to see if something had been spilt on it , but nothing was apparent ... My boss has also had problems with hers ... After about 3 months of use the lettering on the keys started wearing off ... To sum up , the design of the keyboard is awesome , but the quality of this product is pathetic ...
 I ca n't type on a `` normal '' keyboard . Never could , really . But ergonomic keyboards opened a whole new world for me . Thanks to Microsoft 's efforts in this field , I have been using these ergo-boards from MS since they were first introduced . And while I had grown found of the wireless variety , I realized that I rarely ventured far from the computer with the keyboard , and craved the immediacy of operation that a USB keyboard offers , plus the price was about half of that of a wireless . I bought mine from Amazon on May 28th , and by September , the `` O '' key had stopped working . I called warranty support and was stunned when they told me they would gladly replace my keyboard -- just as soon as I returned my defective unit at my own expense . What happened to the Microsoft that overnighted a replacement unit without even asking for the defective item in return . This was usually the case , though I have no problem returning defectives as long as I am reimbursed . So , now I have to make the choice to just whether to buy a `` Like New '' used keyboard for a little bit more than it will cost to ship this one , or just play Microsoft 's game and send this back for a new one . Amazonians should note that this kind of behavior on the part of a company like Microsoft -LRB- and Logitech is moving in the same direction -RRB- serves to provide incentive to internet shoppers like myself to venture out into the real world . Had I purchased the item at a big box store , I could take it back without having to pay for return shipping , and that 's that . But for Microsoft to add to the cost of a unit that is already defective and has cost me time and money in the process shows me just how much they care about the consumer . Zero . Because , after all , I could be running some kind of huge keyboard scam and making millions . Seriously , I ca n't give this keyboard a high rating when a key goes bad so soon . I have had that problem with the wireless version , but only after a few years usually . And MS ALWAYS sent me a new keyboard without question and without asking for the defective one to be returned . That kind of customer service won them my oyalty for years . It 's amazing how quickly , however , that loyalty can be destroyed by shoddy , selfish , and utterly lacking customer support . This will be my last Microsoft keyboard . Fortunately I already own about a dozen that should hold me until they fall apart , one by one . Good customer service pays for itself . Bad word of mouth can kill a company 's rep just as easily , which is why Amazon still commands the respect it does among consumers , including myself .
 The drawback is the F-Lock key especially when you need to reboot the computer and go into Safe Mode . Because the F-Lock does not automatically come on , you have to try to press it and get it to stay while you press F8 to go into Safe Mode .
 My wrists hurt -LRB- I 'm a programmer and spend at least 8 hours a day at the computer -RRB- so after reading a lot of positive reviews , I gave this keyboard a try . I returned it after 1 week for the following reasons :1 . The spacebar is huge and clunky - it makes typing loud , slow and difficult and completely offsets any ergonomic benefits .2 . The keys are mushy and feel cheap .3 . The keyboard is very ugly and it takes up way too much desk space.The spacebar was the deal breaker for me . If Microsoft had split the spacebar or found a way to make it less clunky and horrible , I probably would have kept the keyboard .
 This is by far the best keyboard I 've ever had in terms of ergonomics , and the worst quality control I 've ever seen in a high tech product . My first keyboard was from Fry 's . F5 , F7 , and F9 failed but by the time I got around to returning , I was too late . Figuring it was a fluke , and knowing that Amazon is good about returns , I ordered one from Amazon . Same keys failed , in about a month . Amazon did a replacement . Same problem . I 'm returning it today . I assume they will give me a refund . How could a problem like this possibly escape the attention of quality control ? I 'm shifting to the Logitech kayboard . I hope it fits me as well .
 I got this keyboard at work , and while it 's a good keyboard , we found that it has some software bugs . I 'd recommend not installing the software that comes with it , and just forgo the `` zoom '' control and a couple other bells and whistles . If you want those , do n't buy Microsoft.Pluses : Good touch , I 'm a fast typist and even with my advancing arthritis , I have n't slowed much with this keyboard . On a ` straight ' keyboard I can now only go about 20 wpm , here , I can do my old 50-70 wpm . Keys are about where you expect them to be , and even with a couple years ' wear , this keyboard is holding up well . It really is good hardware.Minuses : Lots of crevices that catch junk . You need something like a playing card to periodically clean them.Now the software
 At 16 months the E , S , and D key labels are all but worn off . I have Dell keyboards that after 10 years the labels on the keys are just fine . I 've had no keyboard -LRB- using a Microsoft 3000 right now -RRB- where the key labels have ever worn off.Very disappointed .
 I 've used this keyboard for about a month and a half . The construction seems solid and it all seems well thought out . My biggest issue with the keyboard is that the spacing of the keys is too far apart . Hitting CTRL C is a strain on the left hand . My hands are average to large so I think this keyboard would be very difficult for a user with small hands . Also , the space key is extremely loud ; ca n't think of any reason it should be so loud . I disliked it enough that I bought a new keyboard and sold this one .
 I know i probably got a bum unit , but mine stopped working soon after i got it . Worst part is , its borderline impossible to get a hold of microsoft for a replacement . So i ended up witha 35 dollar hunk of plastic .
 This keyboard is enormous , but there is only one giant , loud , sticky spacebar . The spacebar is so bad , the product is completely unusable for me . My speed/error rate is horrendous on this keyboard because I ca n't get the spacebar to properly work and when it does it 's so loud.If you search online for this product and spacebar , you 'll see dozens of sites all with tips to fix the problem . I tried them all and finally gave up and put this keyboard in the trash and will have to find something else . It was the most frustrating 2 weeks of my life while I tried to re-teach my self to hit the space bar with two thumbs since sometimes that worked.No longer will I fight this waste of money keyboard .
 This keyboard only lasted 4 months and then random keys stopped working.I like the keyboard but ca n't recommend it .
 This is probably my fifth Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard . Every one of the previous keybords had the keys fade to the point of not being able to determine what the key was . I am sure the same thing is going to happen to this one in time . I will return it with the warranty period if such a thing happens again.Not a good product.Microsoft Natural Ergonomic Keyboard 4000
 This keyboard is so big , that it takes so much space on my desk , I ca n't even have junk on my desk anymore . I hate the additional functional key , I accidentally press it all the time . Space key is so uncomfortable ...
 After reading other reviews , I was excited to try a Microsoft 4000 keyboard . Once it arrived , I was very disappointed . Compare to the ergonomic keyboard that I bought 10 years ago -LRB- from Logitech -RRB- , this is a cheap plastic that keeping making thug noises as I press the space-bar button . The space bar is also so stiff that my thumbs was sore after typing this review . I guess I should have stick to my old keyboard , than upgrading to this cheap Chinese made crap ...
 I bought this after looking around for a nice ergonomic keyboard ... unfortunately after using it i noticed the spacebar sticks . I guess if I would have read the 1 star reviews i would have seen this problem.Microsoft could fix this by splitting the space bar in two -LRB- a left and a right -RRB- so your thumb wouldnt have to push the whole bar down , only half .
 Purchased from Amazon in December 2009 ; Microsoft Natural Ergonomic 400 has nice features and layout , and I really wanted to like it . BUT the spacebar is terrible -- much too hard to press , especially from the left and right ends of it , where a touch typist normally would hit it . Mushy spacebar too . The keyboard is ergonomic for all of your hand/wrist except the thumb ; I 'd expect thumb discomfort/pain after a while using it . Returned it for a different keyboard . If you search the internet for the words _ Microsoft spacebar fix _ , you 'll see that this is a common problem -LRB- but does n't always occur -- apparently some have this defect , and others do n't -RRB- , and that various people have tried various fixes , but none are really satisfactory . Wish I had seen this before buying it . Maybe a two-finger `` hunt and peck '' typist would n't notice this , but for this touch typist the problematic/defective spacebar is a dealbreaker .
 While I am enjoying some of the features of my new keyboard , such as the programmable buttons , I am still finding it difficult to type due to the placement of the keys . Also , it is a very wide keyboard , which forces me to place my mouse far away to the right of the keyboard . The worst problem I am having is with the hard touch of the keys , especially the space bar . Instead of solving the problems I am having with my neck and hands , I think it has made them worse .
 I give this keyboard 2 stars , mostly for effort . Everything is good about this keyboard except that THE KEYS ARE WAY TOO FIRM . I am surprised that the term `` ergonomic '' was allowed to appear on the box of this product . The keys are stiff , and the spacebar is agonizingly stiff . This product should probably be reported as unsafe as a result .
 This is my second attempt at doing business with an Amazon Partner . Once again , I am unhappy . I bought two of these keyboards , they were described as new . They both came in scratched up boxes with broken or missing seals . Neither were packaged like new inside the boxes as well , internal packaging was ripped and the typical protective cover for USB connection was missing in both . Obviously these were returned or refurbished items . I have asked Amazon for a refund.I like the keyboard model , I 'll just be getting it from somewhere else .
 Everything is great on this keyboart , apart 3 crucial point :1 . `` SLEEP '' button has removed been from this model by Microsoft . In a `` Green '' world fashion , this decsion of Microsoft is more then wierd . They saved $ 0.5 and lost me .2 . The characters are rub off the keys fast . The Plastic is two soft , so your fingers are just erasing the prints by a regular use . It never happened to me with no other keyboards , even very cheap ones . Prepair to lost some of the prints , especialy the A , C and < characters - where you fingers are resting the most .3 . The space bar has to be pressed near the center in order to work smoothly . The inside mechanizem just ca n't handle well pressing on the side of the space bar.Without these three isuues , this keyboard could be a superb top product.Btw , it was very nice if it had a USB hub , but it 's not so critic .
 In only about 6 months the paint on the keys are worn off badly . About half a dozen keys I ca n't barely even see ! The 'N' which really among all the keys is completely gone ! And Microsoft DOES NOT stand behind their products saying normal wear and tear is not covered ! So basically I am screwed and they would replace it but it would cost me more than I paid for it originally ! I WILL NEVER purchase another hardware product from Microsoft since they do n't stand behind their products anymore !
 As other reviewers have said , the spacebar is defective . It 's extremely hard to press unless you hit it just right . The other keys are also a bit too stiff . The Microsoft Wireless Optical Desktop Pro is MUCH better . The spacebar works and the keys are softer but by no means too soft.The ergonomic shape is slightly less aggressive on the wireless version but it is still hugely better than a standard keyboard . I got used to it very quickly.The only downside to getting the wireless version is the lack of ability to raise the front -LRB- the side closest to the user -RRB- . For some reason , Microsoft put folding feet on the back of the keyboard but you definitely do n't want to raise the back if you are concerned about repetitive motion injury.The wireless connection seems to work fine . The mouse sometimes complained it was n't getting a good signal so I 've made sure there is line of sight -LRB- an uninterrupted line -RRB- between the mouse and the base station -LRB- you plug the base station into a USB port so that the mouse and the keyboard can talk to the computer via their wireless contact with the base station -RRB- . I returned the `` Natural Ergo '' keyboard and got the wireless version only recently so I ca n't comment on battery life . Microsoft claims up to six months.A lot of people have commented on the function keys but the exact working of these convenience keys is a minor issue for me.On my mac -LRB- 10.4 -RRB- I 've found that when the computer goes to sleep , I ca n't wake it up by clicking a button on the wireless mouse or by hitting the spacebar on the wireless keyboard . It 's not a big deal ; I just tap the power key on the computer itself and it wakes up right away . I 'm not surewhy this is happening .
 I just got the keyboard this morning to replace my aging 10 years old MS Natural Keyboard . At the glace everything seem perfect for me . The lay out of the keys seem to fit my typing and I like the features that come with the keyboard . However after only few minutes I notice that the space bar is kind of stiff.Determine not to give up so easy , I continue using it for another couple hours -LRB- hoping that the space bar key may get softer or I may just get use to it -RRB- . However after about 2 hours later I gave up . The spacebar is really too stiff !! . I started to feel the pain on my wrist/thumb . So despite all other stuff that I like about this keyboard , this one will definitely going back to the store tomorrow morning . I 'm not sure this is just the defective one but given that several people report the same thing I will rather take my chance on different model/brand at this point .
 One of the letter keys doesnt work anymore . Neither does the aostrohe . Guess which word I was trying to tye lol .
 I read the reviews about the spacebar , and found them to be true . The difference in pressure required distracts and gets in the way . The keys in general I found to be oddly placed , unreliable -LRB- sometimes a given key did n't work - not sure if that 's the brand or the specific keyboard I had -RRB- . Aside from that , the keyboard looks great , and I loved the palm rest . But as a keyboard , where the Natural Elite excelled , this one failed . Ended up going with a Perrix as a close replacement for the Natural Elite.I hope Microsoft gets their act together , their hardware is usually a pleasure to use , and well built .
 I purchased this keyboard because I was having significant wrist and arm pains . I bought this keyboard and Evoluent Vertical Mouse at the same time.Evoluent Vertical Mouse 4 Right Hand Small USB 6 Button : http://www.amazon.com/Evoluent-Vertical-Mouse-Right-Button/dp/B004NQO61Q/ref=sr_1_8?ie=UTF8&qid;=1361390634&sr;=8-8&keywords;=evoluent+mouseI liked the layout and overall feel of the ergonomic keyboard but I have more pain now than I did before I got it . I have been using it for about a month and the pain is way worse than it was before I used the keyboard . The pain is so bad that I switched by to the standard office keyboard and I feel better already . Before you suggest it is because the mouse ... I switched the mouse back a standard wireless mouse that came with the office keyboard -LRB- link listed below -RRB- to eliminate that possibility.Logitech Wireless Combo Mk520 With Keyboard and Laser Mouse -LRB- 920-002553 -RRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VANO7C/ref=oh_details_o03_s01_i00?ie=UTF8&psc;=1OVERALL
 Two words - ` Utter Rubbish ' - Avoid this product . after about a year of good use , random keys just stopped responding .
 I 'm a technical editor and spend many hours at my computer . So , the keyboard is important . I really like the feel , arrangement , and features of this keyboard . So much so that I just installed my third 4000 . And , therein lies the problem . My first 4000 had to be replaced after about 6 months because the `` X '' key stopped working . The second started sending random keystrokes to the computer after about a month . -LRB- It is interesting to watch your e-mail client decided it needs to create an infinite number of new messages . -RRB- I just installed my third 4000 . If it does n't prove more reliable , I 'll look elsewhere for ergonomic keyboards.I give this keyboard five stars for features and comfort and one star for reliability .
 The sticking spacebar makes this keyboard useless . Oh , and some of the keys work intermittently . In particular , the Y key only works about 50 % of the time . I 've seen other reviews with these exact same problems so it 's going back and I 'll try a different model/brand .
 As others have mentioned here , this keyboard is great with one exception - the spacebar ! It is really ironic since the ergonomic form forces your hands to rest at angles , naturally drawing your thumbs away from the center of the spacebar . Any pressure at the outer corners of the spacebar causes the cheap plastic to warp and bind the plunger mechanism.I find it amazing that MS did not figure out that this spacebar is a complete piece of junk before it mass produced this device .
 I have very small hands that type hard . The thing about this keyboard is that for some reasons , when you press the center of the space bar , it does n't require much effort . However , since I have small hands I ca n't always extend my thumbs to the middle of the space bar , pressing the sides of the space bar now become painfully tough.The other keys felt tight as well . However , were it not for the space bar , it would have been acceptable . So I 'm in total agreement with the other reviewers who said that the keyboard can be too tight for some users.On the plus side , this is almost a silent keyboard . For someone like me who ca n't stand listening to the typing sound of keyboard , this is a lifesaver .
 This keyboardMicrosoft Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000has a very comfortable built-in wrist rest , but that is about all I can say good about it . The keys were very stiff . The M , N and space bar are very stiff , to the point of being a major hinderance , and almost useless most of the time . I need to know when I strike a key that the text is typed , but that does n't happen with this keyboard . I suppose if you are very heavy-handed it would probably be a fine board . I spend a great deal of time using a keyboard , and I have to have one that is responsive all the time , not one that requires me to beat on the keys to get them to work properly . Since some reviews here show that some people appear to love the board , I suspect that there may have been a bad batch or two . That is why I highly recommend trying this keyboard before you sink your money into one .
 The spacebar is stiff in the center and jams when hit at the sides . As the hands relax on the keyboard , the thumbs naturally tend to move inward . At this point , when the spacebar is hit at the upper left or right corner , it will jam . This will lead to wrist discomfort . I would need to make a constant conscious effort to keep my thumbs extended , and even then the spacebar would be stiffer than expected.NOTE
 This keyboard would be perfect except for one damnable flaw
 To write this review I had to remove the keyboard and plug back in my old one . I tried to use this for a day and it was too painful -- the spacebar is impossible to press . I 've been working on computers for over 20 years and never have experienced anything like this . I 'll be returning this ASAP . I gave this keyboard 1 star because I do n't have the option of rating 0 stars
 I have developed pain in my hands , mostly my thumbs from excessive keyboarding and probably some arthritis . I ordered this keyboard with hopes of improving my condition . I wish I had read the negative reviews closer . While there are many features that are good and the general feel of the keyboard is comfortable , the space bar was a deal breaker for me . My thumbs are already so sore , having to press the space bar so hard made my condition even worse ! Sorry , but I will be returning it .
 This keyboard seemed to work well for about 8-9 months . I had two of them in my office . I was reasonably satisfied with the ergonomics but the key travel seems to be too far and the key resistance is a little to high for constant use . Also the layout of the keyboard is very large . I have average sized hands and I always felt like I had to stretch to reach the number and function keys . Also , occasionally the Function key modifier would get stuck off and the Function keys would no longer work . It was a really stupid feature to overload the function keys with yet another key . Even more stupid is to occasionally lose the user 's setting on this key for no reason . So when I hit F6 or F5 to build or debug in Visual Studio , I would occasionally just get crickets ... nothing.Finally , the thing that took the cake for me was how fragile this keyboard is . I spilled a very small amount of coffee on this keyboard -LRB- probably less than a teaspoon -RRB- and several keys now fail to function . I 've given it a couple days to `` dry out '' and still some keys do n't function . Even keys that were not initially even touched by the spill.The one thing I did like about this keyboard is the leather palm pad . Ultimately , this is a lousy keyboard for the money and not all that ergonomic . Why , oh why Microsoft did you discontinue the Microsoft Natural Keyboard ??? I do n't have anything against Microsoft but this product sucks rocks .
 I have been looking for a new keyboard for a long time . I figured it was time to try out this particular model . YUCK ! . I could hardly type on it , and some buttons required that extra oz . of pressure to type . It was un-usually BAD ! I therefore decided to take a trip to a local electronics giant and see what they had on display . My findings are that most keyboards now do not have the tactile feedback we are used to , they are however more quiet and soft to the touch . That being said , I found the Microsoft Wireless Desktop 3000 with the Blue Trac mouse to be a better feel and it was easier to type . It has been ordered and will hopefully arrive tomorrow as a replacement .2 stars on this one , a new review of the 3000 in a few days .
 This keyboard is a piece of junk!I have always used Microsoft keyboards before and have always been very pleased.The space bar is very stiff and my thumb hurts if I use the keyboard too often.Don ' t buy this keyboard if you like to type fast ,
 This keyboard has nice features . I was replacing an older MS ergonomic and wanted one with programming features.Problem ... The damn spacebar!Takes too much pressure to use and has a loud CLUNK when you hit it . There was no model in the store for me to try or I would have passed on it . Just my luck.The regular keys are not bad , but after 6 weeks with the spacebar , I 'm getting rid of it.How can MS miss the mark on this problem.Save your money , get something else .
 I did some research and found some favorable reviews so I tried this one out . I had it for one day and went right back to my cheap , non-ergo keyboard -LRB- returned the MS4k shortly after -RRB- . The keys are too difficult to press and the space bar is essentially unusable . Lest you think I just got a `` lemon '' I found many reviews on-line stating the same problem . I have since tried this one out in stores where I see it displayed , just to check . Every one has the exact same space-bar issue.BTW , after that I conducted some expanded research on ergo keyboards . I am currently using the Kinesis Freestyle split keyboard . I 've used it for several months now and it blows all the cheap ergo 's away , And the Kinesis really does relieve the stress in the hands and wrist from typing . I think amazon might even sell it.FYI , if you 're serious about an ergo keyboard you really need to be prepared to spend a good amount of money -LRB- i.e. over $ 100 -RRB- .
 This is a great design for a keyboard and an improvement of the older MS Natural keyboard EXCEPT that the space bar is horrible . It sticks and is unusable if not hit directly in the center . Read other reviewers ' comments before buying !
 Cons : -- Finger placement detection -LRB- ridge on F and J keys -RRB- is insufficient . I 'm constantly typing gibberish because my fingers are on the wrong keys . -- Letters rub off the keys very quickly and no replacements are available -- Occasionally keys are difficult to press -- The keyboard is relatively largePros
 this new and improved keyboard is horrible and has a totally different ergonomic design than the old white one . I disliked it from the get go , and have been using it now for a couple of months just to see if I 'd get use to it . I have n't , and like another reviewer , the space bar does n't work very well . This keyboard has slowed me down substantially and causes me discomfort . I am going to see if I can find one of the older keyboards . Like everything else Microsoft has tried to make better , IE9 , Win7 , they have made it worse .
 I have had three of these in the office for about 14 months . On a positive note all three who use the keyboard have found it very comfortable to use . However , on all three after 6 months the ink on the letters began to wear off . After 14 months I am missing 10 letter keys . I do not really need to type but it looks bad . The keyboard is also very loud , there is a distinct and audible sound with every letter you type . This can be annoying when you want to type quietly while on the phone with someone.As a note be sure to press the grey button under the keyboard after you change the batteries , otherwise it will not restart .
 I 've had this KB for about 3 years or so , but do n't use it very much . I 've found that the `` silk screening '' on many of the keys wears off - A , S , D , F , E for example . This is very annoying to me as I 'm not a world class typist by any means . I need the keys to tell me what they are !
 The biggest problem is that the space bar has way too much resistance -- far more than the other keys -- although I think all the keys offer a bit more resistance than I 'm used to . NOT exactly helpful when trying to reduce finger strain.If you have small hands , this keyboard is not for you . I felt like I had to reach excessively for some keys , like `` y , '' `` control , '' and `` enter '' . Also , the space/angle separating right and left halves seemed too big.Too big and bulky in general - though it is pretty light for its size.Ended up returning the product . Have yet to find my ideal ergonomic keyboard .
 I remembered the original MS natural keyboard was really nice and comfortable , which helps my typing a lot . But not at this time . Especially the SPACEBAR . How dare you MS sell this kind of junky stuffs to customers ? You are not able to type space on side without awful amount of pressure , which means the balance of spacebar is not correctly designed . It only works whenever you hit the center of the bar . This is not the natural keyboard any longer !
 The shape of this keyboard is much easier on my wrist than my flat laptop keyboard.Also , unexpectedly , it sync 'd right up with my MacBook Pro - I was prompted onscreen to answer a couple of questions -LRB- which keys are next to your Shift keys ? -RRB- , and that was it . No messing with driver downloads and installs or anything like that.So why just two stars ? The feel of the keys is HORRIBLE ! They are simultaneously sticky and mushy - especially the space bar - the worst keyboard I 've used within memory . I find myself making mistakes constantly . I 'll give the keys a day or two to loosen up , but my feeling is that this is going back , which is rare - I 'm not a big returner.I had an older edition of this very keyboard years ago , at work - and it was great . As they added bells and whistles , Microsoft must have cheapened their manufacturing . Pity .
 This keyboard is very thick and I had to take the base off to fit it on the drawer that slides under the desk and even then it is snug.While this is a nice looking piece of equipment , my biggest complaint is the amount of pressure it takes to type . I am a db architect and am on my machine from dawn to dusk ; I do not want to have to really PUSH ON THE KEYS . Kind of anti-ergonomic , methinks ...
 I 've been using Microsoft ergonomic keyboards for over a decade , and this is the first one I 've had to return . The spacebar is difficult to press , and once you do press it it tends to autorepeat uncontrollably . Checking other reviews -LRB- which I should have done first -RRB- reveals that this was not a defective unit , its a defective product . Time to go back to an older model I guess .
 this was a comfortable keyboard to use until the membrane key backings failed on one of the keys . i 've been typing for a living for years and this was the first keyboard that i have owned that breaks after a few months
 Features are great , however it has some issue where if you press the space bar on the top right corner , then it produces friction with the body of the keyboard . The friction thus causes the space bar to not go down at once or it causes the user to have to apply more -LRB- un-ergonomic -RRB- pressure .
 This keyboard has wonderful bells and whistles , and I _ really want to love it . However , I find that the space key istotally non-functional ; it loves to either not add a space or add too many . As you can see from this review , maybe one out of ten times or so the space key malfunctions . ___ It 's particularly bad when I tap it twice quickly at the end of a sentence . ___ What you see here isthe unedited results of typing on this keyboard . While it 's annoying and intrusive typing prose , it 's completely unusable for applications which use the space key as apaging mechanism -LRB- eg , reading mail or an RSS feed via an RSS reader , when it skips _ a bunch of items and marks them `` read '' -RRB- . -LSB- Since HTML does n't show the extra spaces , I 've gone back and replaced all the extras with '' _ '' -- it does n't type the underscores , it adds extra spaces . -RSB- My wife works at Microsoft so I got this for a steep -LRB- and non-refundable -RRB- discount . I ca n't imagine paying $ 50 for this fundamentally flawed device .
 I 'm on the computer 6-8 hours a day . After using this keyboard for a week , I find it more difficult to use and the keys much harder to reach . The wrist pad is comfortable but I swear it 's like learning a whole new keyboard . It feels very strange . I have another ergo keyboard at home -LRB- a different popular brand -RRB- and love it - but this odd keyboard just seems strange . Maybe I will get used to it after a while .
 How do you mess a keyboard up ? Just arrived today , the ` F ' , ' 5 ' , and ` O ' keys did n't work . Plugged back in the garbage stopgap keyboard I bought for 10 $ from PC Richards -LRB- which does n't require software installation -RRB- . What a joke .
 I have owned this keyboard and the mouse which came with it for 2 months . Installation was nothing better or worse than any other keyboard/mouse installation . Switching from flat to ergonomic was interesting , but worth loss of wrist pain . Its size is a bit larger than I 'm accustomed to , the keys do not accept double letters and make me hit the same key three to four times to get two f 's or two l' l or two anything , and the spacebar has to be hammered to work , but all in all , things were working out . My problems stem from the fact that I do not use other Microsoft programs aside from Windows . The mouse wheel does not function when browsing the internet . The side magnification button does n't work at all . And the Function Keys , which my word processing program utilizes for speedy shortcuts , will not work . I am left with the feeling that Microsoft is creating its products to force consumers to use only its software and that really makes me angry . I live in a free country and have the right to use whatever software I choose . Therefore , I am tossing this item into the trash , because I would feel rotten trying to sell it to someone else , and I will never purchase another Microsoft keyboard or mouse . I would rather return to the old fashioned typewriter than be forced into using programs which I consider inferior to those I currently use .
 The main keys are fairly quiet , but the spacebar `` clacks '' like a gun going off in comparison . After 5 + years -LRB- this keyboard was introduced in 2005 -RRB- I would have thought Microsoft would have fixed this issue that has been mentioned in even it 's earliest reviews - see `` Microsoft Natural Keyboard '' for yourself on wikipedia and read the `` any luck on the SPACE bar ? '' discussion here on Amazon . Buyer Beware ! Microsoft - fix your S * tuff!The keyboard does look sleek though -- the only reason for the 2 stars!The main keys are a bit quieter than my 10 + yr old `` Microsoft Natural Keyboard '' but overall that one is quieter compared to the constant `` clack '' -LRB- like there 's ducks in my office -RRB- of the space bar . I still prefer my old PS/2 white -LRB- now yellow -RRB- keyboard w/o all of the `` hot keys '' which is working great still but just no pretty anymore . = -LRB-
 I ran a search for PS/2 keyboards and this one came up . It has USB cord and will not function with a PS/2 adapter.Other than that it is probably a good keyboard , though it ruined my Christmas since it was the only gift I got .
 I tried using this for about 10 minutes today . I think there is some sort of engineering flaw , that made me decide against it . The space bar on this keyboard is an not user friendly , you have to push it with an extreme amount of pressure before it works and the noise is rather loud.You may have luck if you use it enough to loosen it up but I decided against that route and opted for a different model .
 I originally had a wireless MS natural keyboard and had consistent problems with two issues . First , there were intermittent periods when typing on the keyboard did not result in an appropriate on screen action . These periods would last typically for a few seconds . Second , there would be times when typing a character resulted in an action similar to what you 'd get if you held the key down , i.e. , you 'd see that character run all the way across the screen even if the key was not being touched . This also happened with the space bar . Thinking that there was a problem with my wireless setup I purchased this WIRED MS Natural Ergo Keyboard 4000 . Unfortunately , this keyboard does the exact same thing . It does n't seem to make a difference which USB port the keyboard is plugged into .
 i bought this hoping it 'd cure my terrible carpal tunnel , but its unusable because of the space bar . its POORLY MANUFACTURED and very stiff . so stiff , this is me typing with it : dont buy thisproduct beccause ther spacebar is complete crapthis productis conpleteltterri8bleahd the spacebar iiscausing an excruciatingpaininnmy thumb.yep . buy something else .
 I wish I had read the 1-star reviews before I bought this keyboard . Yes , the space bar is completely unusable.I ca n't imagine a keyboard with this kind of fatal flaw can be released to the market . If Microsoft had anybody test the keyboard for as few as 10 seconds , the problem would have been discovered.It will be returned immediately .
 The space bar is horrible . Very stiff.Everything else works great . But before you buy any `` ergonomic '' keyboard . GO to a store and test it . If you like it , buy it ... . I made the mistake of not testing it . : -LRB-
 I loved the feel of this keyboard , but ultimately returned it . After 20 + years of typing by touch I could not get used to the number 6 being on the left side of the board . I ca n't believe they changed this .
 I can honestly say that I want this keyboard ... I STILL want this keyboard . Many great features I prefer , BUT the packaging for the keyboard is so insufficient -LRB- just a thin plastic bag -RRB- that the keyboard takes a beating before it actually arrives to your door . -LRB- Mine showed up with three keys dislodged , and did n't function after careful set up -- no number lock/caps lock lights to suggest it was responding to either of my up-to-date computers . # I worked for UPS handling damage claims for years , and I can tell you that someone at MS really dropped the ball on packaging with this one ! #There 's no way that UPS would pay out a claim on this keyboard . -RRB- And worst of all , after returning the product -- which was admittedly fairly easy -- I get an email `` Gift Card '' so I can purchase something else from Amazon.com . Who do I contact about this ? Well , the emailed `` Gift Card '' includes no contact info , and I 've yet to find any way -LRB- phone number , email address , live chat , etc -RRB- to discuss this issue with an actual person at Amazon.Great design on this keyboard , and as I said , I 'm STILL wanting to call one of these keyboards my own . But at this point , I 'd only feel like I was really getting my money 's worth if I bought it right at the end of the assembly line -- but not from any place that had received the keyboard after a bumpy journey ... My guess -- the reduced price on these beauties is based on an executive epiphany -LRB- too late and too sorry -RRB- that Quality Control did n't oversee the packaging process ! For those of you who received keyboards that actually work , best of luck with your , yes , great keyboards ! :--RRB- For those of you still shopping , my recommendation has to be to resist the same temptation I yielded to , regretfully ! Happy shopping ... ; - -RRB-
 I was disappointed in this keyboard for 3 reasons . First , I thought the mechanical feedback for the key press was poor . Some keys , particularly the space bar , required significantly more `` push '' than the others . Also , the space bar was particularly noisy when fully depressed .
 If your like me , I know what your thinking - `` Gosh , what an ergonomic look ! It must make it a better keyboard , right ? '' Listen , just because it 's got a hump in the middle and a left and right hand keyset is n't going to make you a better typist - just more pissed off as your typing accuracy goes into the toilet . In all fairness , my family and I attempted to use this silly thing for several months and none of us ever made a decent adjustment to it . The only memorable thing about this keyboard was its ability to induce sane people to swear like sailors as they valiantly attempted to type on it . It now sits in a closet , unused and unloved . Microsoft , please fire the engineer that came up with this idea .
 Amazon , why you send me an open box , but you said it 's a new one ?
 The rodent died rather quickly . Too bad , it was the better part of the set . The keyboard is only ok , and the USB antenna does not fit the USB ports in my new computer.Oh , yes , you need to like typing with the top of the keyboard much lower than the edge nearest you ... not to my liking . Oh , well , now I 'm off in search of another .
 From the pictures it looks like the same , poor placement of the `` 6 '' key that Microsoft continues in all of their `` ergonomic '' keyboards that have a small separation between the left and right handed keys.If you ever go to a typing class , read a book on typing , or do a computer typing program , the 6 key should be pressed by the right hand . Microsoft never seems to learn that and puts it on the left side of this keyboard . I even called them up and created an enhancement request for it years ago , but they do n't seem to be able to get their thumbs out to do it correctly.The overall keyboard feels smooth and the keys are easier to use than a square keyboard . However , everytime that I need to press the 6 key , I have to relearn where it `` is '' as oppose to where it `` should '' be . If you learn typing correctly , be cognizant that the 6 key is a constant nuissance . Microsoft makes a wavey and contineous ergonomic keyboard that is `` as '' comfortable.Ridiculous as this sounds , if you ever try to press the `` 6 '' correctly as most typing teachers suggest , you will surely get a strain with your right finger -- hence , this definately would NOT be an ergonomic solution .
 Many people have written reviews making note that the space bar sticks unless pushed very carefully in the center . This space bar issues should not be overlooked as the space bar is probably the most used key in typing . I did n't look carefully enough at the reviews before purchasing and regretted it immediately . Returned it the next day . This is a warning !
 The keys are very noisy . I can not use the keyboard in very silent places because they think I 'm hammering something . Also , I have to push very hard the keys and that causes me tired hands , especially the space bar key.I bought 2 and both have the same problem .
 Overall the keyboard is great . The programmable keys are a nice feature . The layout does feel `` natural '' . The palm rest is perfect and the installation was easy . So , why am I giving a rating of 2 ? The only thing wrong is the space bar key is really tough to press . All the other keys are soft and take little effort to strike . However , if you push the space bar from the edges instead of the middle , it takes an extreme amount of pressure to strike it . I am a developer and the keyboard is my most essential computer accessory . I am reminded every time I strike it that the keyboard is flawed . I am starting to think the space bar key should have been split the way it is shaped to keep it from sticking .
 this keyboard is extremely hard to get used too . I have to look at my hands to put them in the right place . But what really is a deal killer is the space bar . It is very hard to push I find myself constantly back spaceing because it did n't work . The space bar sticks and is noisy . I believe it is attached at the hump in the key board.So when you push it it tips and sticks slightly . I absoultly hate this keyboard . If my gift giver had given me the return receipt it would be back in the mail .
 Well mine was broken out to the box and I lost the receipt so by the time I got around to returning it it was too late . The lost receipt was my fault it not working out of the box does shows poor quality control .
 looks good but the feeling of each key is not good . Especially space key is not easy to punch . And the sound of space key is pretty loud.It has so many functions itself but actually the feeling of key is most important than any other function . I can not imagine a car which its stereo is fabulous but driving quality is bad .
 This keyboard has a lot of great features -LRB- scroll control , etc -RRB- but the spacebar makes this keyboard unusable . I was hoping that the other reviews here were exaggerated . Unfortunately , they were not . The space bar is miserable to press . I returned this item and am using the Logitech UltraX Media Keyboard . It has laptop style keys and is a joy to work on .
 It has been widely reported and I will confirm
 The space bar is so rigid you will soon be pain . I took the space bar off and discovered it had so many pegs holding it in place that that thing is n't moving anywhere ! Add to that the fit of the pegs in the holes is quite tight , causing the bar to be difficult to push even if you hit the bar right in the middle . The space bar will not loosen up over time .
 The space bar is terrible because it sticks and it is to short and noisy . The delete and shift keys are too far to reach .
 I 've owned or used a total of four of these keyboards . The first worked great , but the second malfunctioned completely . Any time I would press certain keys -LRB- E , C , X , Enter , Delete -RRB- , the thing would go haywire and press all kinds of random characters and cause general chaos in both my Windows XP and Mac OS X machines . I thought `` hey , it 's just a simple malfunction '' , so I contacted Microsoft , who promptly shipped me a new one.I then bought another one for my new job , but today the same thing started happening as the one that Microsoft replaced about a year ago
 I 've purchased and returned THREE of these keyboards in a desperate attempt to make this work out . The good part is the cushioned wrist rest , which is why I really wanted this to work out . The bad parts are ... The spacebar is awful . Hard to depress , sticky , just awful . Why can they not split the spacebar into two keys ? Seems a simple solution for a terrible design . Next is the `` Y '' key , which seems to be just as bad as the spacebar , with exactly the same issue . I had an older version of this keyboard , and the keys on the old keyboard are closer together , or for some reason , just easier to depress . The spacing of the keys on this keyboard seems too large -LRB- ? -RRB- for my hands to get a good , comfortable pace . Also , it 's loud . The keys are loud . Loud enough to wake the dog . I 'm constantly looking for ways to type more `` quietly . '' I 'm so disappointed . I tried to make it work . I bought THREE of these , only to subsequently return them . I spend hours and hours typing all day for work , and not being able to find a good ergonomic keyboard is most depressing .
 I bought the MS Natural Ergo 4000 to replace a MS Natural Keyboard Elite . I thought the Ergo would be a step up but the extra features were not sufficient to overcome its drawbacks . I returned it to Amazon and have ordered another Elite.The spacebar on the Ergo is loose and clicks loudly each time I depress it . Depressing all other keys takes more pressure than I 'm accustomed to using . The distance between keys and the size of some keys is different than the Elite . Perhaps , with time , I would have come to appreciate those differences , but the other issues were enough to preclude my taking that time .
 After using a Logitech Ergonomic keyboard and wearing out many keys -LRB- I work as a medical transcriptionist -RRB- , I wanted to try the divided keyboard and go a little less expensive than the model of Logitech I had . I tried this keyboard and could not type on it ! As far as a hunt and peck typist or for someone that speed does n't really matter , it might be fine , but for someone who works on production , this one just did not work for me . Went back to Logitech which is not divided but has just a slight curve to the keyboard . Seller was great to deal with , emailing me a return shipping label so no problems there whatsoever .
 Great keyboard - EXCEPT the USB cable entering the back is VERY thin , and there is NO strain relief or even an attempt to make the entrance point curve gently . In addition , the cable enters the rear of the keyboard at its deepest point . The very thin cable , the sharp bend at the entry point , and the entry point being at the deepest point mean that if you ever take the keyboard anywhere , the USB cable is abused , and consequently , the internal wires of the USB cable break . Although I am very careful -LRB- I try not to bend the cable sharply -RRB- , and although I have moved it only a few times -LRB- admittedly once in a suitcase , on an airplane -RRB- it has broken twice in a few years . This last time I can not repair it , and I am looking for a different model.I have one of these at work also , and it has worked for years just sitting on my desk.So , it 's a GREAT keyboard IF you never move it !
 Great keyboard - EXCEPT the USB cable entering the back is VERY thin , and there is NO strain relief or even an attempt to make the entrance point curve gently . In addition , the cable enters the rear of the keyboard at its deepest point . The very thin cable , the sharp bend at the entry point , and the entry point being at the deepest point mean that if you ever take the keyboard anywhere , the USB cable is abused , and consequently , the internal wires of the USB cable break . Although I am very careful -LRB- I try not to bend the cable sharply -RRB- , and although I have moved it only a few times -LRB- admittedly once in a suitcase , on an airplane -RRB- it has broken twice in a few years . This last time I can not repair it , and I am looking for a different model.I have one of these at work also , and it has worked for years just sitting on my desk.So , it 's a GREAT keyboard IF you never move it !
 This is my third ergonomic keyboard and it 's going back as soon as possible . The energy required to depress the keys -LRB- esp . the space bar -RRB- is considerable enough that it defeats anything gained by the improved wrist position , which any ergonomic -LRB- split -RRB- keyboard will give . In other words , it might help wrists , but still strains fingers , hands and elbows . My guess is that people rating it highly are mostly comparing it to straight keyboards . I 'm buying another Fellowes ergonomic keyboard , which I loved until I spilled liquid in it -LRB- d'oh ! -RRB- . Those keys are incredibly easy to press and the back of the keyboard rises slightly so you do n't have to reach as far for the top rows . I could type on that one all day . An hour or two with this Microsoft one and my hands are sore , my tennis elbow is flaring up and I 'm not happy .
 The previous Microsoft keyboard was great . After many years , it needed to be replaced . I thought this would be a reasonable replacement . They 've moved some of the keys . Why ? I 'm constantly hitting Home when I want Del.Worse still , the paint has rubbed off many of the keys . Nothing at all on E. S and D are nearly gone . M is unreadable . C soon will be . L looks like I.Shoddy , shoddy , shoddy .
 As others have mentioned , this keyboard is excellent in all ways but one - the spacebar . The keys themsleves have a great tactile feel and are very quiet - exaclty what I was looking for . However , the spacebar is massive -LRB- and not split in two as it should have been -RRB- , with the actuator right in the middle . Unfortunately , when your hands are in the natural position your thumbs are at the far left and right of the spacebar . Not only do you have to push pretty hard to get it to go down , it also makes a REALLY LOUD clicking noise because you 're actually forcing the actuator down at an angle . If they redesign this with a split spacebar I would LOVE it !
 I have used MS ergonomic keyboards since the original Natural Keyboard in 1994 . I have been a huge fan of the line until this keyboard . For some reason , the keyboard I ordered from Amazon is nothing like the 4000 I 've been using at my work for the past 2 years . This keyboard seems to drop keystrokes -LRB- particularly the spacebar -RRB- and there is no known workaround . Unfortunately , since this is an inconsistent issue with this keyboard , I did n't realize it was a problem until it was out of the time period that I could return the unit to Amazon.com -- so now I 'm stuck with it.I have since replaced it with aLogitech Cordless Desktop Wave Pro . Aside from a slightly different keyboard layout which I 'll have to get used to , I 'm much happier with that keyboard -- no problems with the spacebar , very responsive keyboard , and no stiff keys aside from the function keys .
 I had always wanted an ergonomic keyboard . When I found one that I liked at a good price , I bought it . It has worked well for me , but after only six months , the lettering on 8 of the keys is wearing off ! I do a lot of typing , and yes , I do know the keyboard well enough to not have to look at the letters , but come on ... that 's poor craftsmanship . I have n't had problems with the spacebar like many others have , though . -LRB- I 'm not typing this review on the keyboard . I 'm using my laptop . -RRB- The warranty from Microsoft said to return it to the store first . I did not buy it from Amazon -LRB- maybe I should have -RRB- . I went to a local office supply store . Well , they would not replace it . Now I have the inconvenience of having to mail it back to Microsoft , paying for it myself , and waiting for a replacement .
 The original Natural Keyboard -LRB- 1994 -RRB- was well built . Nothing like a buckling spring keyboard , but acceptable . Then came the Pro , our only choice once the original Naturals disappeared . It was even less well built than the original , but still acceptable . I bought three new ones a decade ago , and now all have finally died despite disassembling and washing them every few years.This appears to be my only choice unless I 'm feeling stupid enough to buy a keyboard that requires batteries -LRB- 7000 -RRB- . I ca n't overstate how poorly built the keyboard is . If you try one in store , that wiggle in the keys is not from buy-nothing kids repeatedly pounding on it with their fists for months . That 's the way it comes brand new . I even have the sticky spacebar problem , and given how poorly constructed the keyboard is , I took the time to pry up the spacebar and determine if the metal crossbar was n't properly fitted . It was.I just pushed aside my old Natural Pro and suddenly I can barely type . Depending on where each key is struck , a different amount of pressure is required . Hit a key off-center and you 'll need twice the pressure.I feel horribly misled by all the other reviewers who claimed this was a worthy successor to the Pro . It is not . It 's a shame , because the shape and layout are great . The miserable typing experience and keypress quality , however , make this keyboard a worse experience than a generic $ 10 flat keyboard .
 Does n't work on my computer ! I 'm not running anything exotic at all - a Dell Inspiron laptop with XP . I spent a good two hours with Microsoft Tech Support trying to get it to work ; they installed several drivers , got all up in my computer , and ... it still does n't work . I bought this from Amazon , but Microsoft is honoring its warranty and sending me another one . I 'll update this review next week after that keyboard arrives if it changes anything.I should mention that the thing * seems * really comfortable ...
 Having used anergonomic keyboard from MSFT thatlasted years , Ireplaced it with this 4000 . Since I spent almost 15 years at Microsoft , I thought this would be the typical qualityproduct . It is not . The space bar sticks or does n't work . The keys in general are lousy . Iwill be returningthis item asap .
 did not like , all function keys did not work in windows xp they only worked in windows 7 , did not like the style of the key board layout .
 I was very excited to get this keyboard , I am in school as a computer science major so I spend a lot of my time typing . It was easy to set up and comfortable , but then the batteries started dying and dying and dying . This keyboard just sucks battery power !
 The keys at the center of the board , t and g are all highly unresponsive . If you are doing anything productive like writing words or programming , you will learn to hate this keyboard rapidly . If you are entering a password , you should just start crying.As a demonstration of how bad this product is , I will just repeat the above block of text using the keyboard without going back and correcting . ` The keys at the center of the board , t and are all hihly unresponceive . If you are doing anyhin productive like , wriin words or programmin , you will learn to hate his keyboard rapidly . If you are enerin a password , you should just start crying . ` Anyone else agree that block is missing some letters ?
 This keyboard is horrible for people with repetitive stress injuries because the keys are so hard to depress . I 'm not sure what the manufacturer was thinking -LRB- maybe harder to push keys give the illusion of sturdiness -RRB- but it is irritating for wrists that are already prone to inflammation . I 've used other keyboards in the past with greater success . I only chucked my last keyboard because it stopped functioning , but when it did work , it was great .
 This keyboard is excellent except for the space key , which is used the most.The issue is that this key does n't push down without large force . My fingers get tired quickly with keep pushing this space key . Sometimes I had to use both my fingers to push it . It also makes noise when you push it.After 1-2 days trial , my finger 's muscle gets tired and never want to use it anymore .
 This is my third Microsoft Keyboard 4000 in as many years . Black coffee killed the other two and will probably spell the end of this one at some point . Prior to the 4000s I had an ergonomic keyboard from Microsoft that lasted for years and through countless coffee spills . Microsoft discontinued that model and I could n't find it anywhere online so I moved reluctantly to the 4000 . I switched to ergonomic keyboards after twenty years of working at computers with standard keyboards when I started developing pain in my wrists and forearms . They have done the job in terms of eliminating the pain and providing a comfortable typing experience . I 'd recommend ergonomic keyboards in general but the primary reason I am not trying a different model at this point is that I 'd rather pay the money and not have to adjust to a different layout . That being said , if you do n't drink while working at the computer then this keyboard should serve you well . -LRB- update 9/9/11 - a tiny coffee spill and this one bit the dust . Decided to give Logitech a try . -RRB-
 Good overall keyboard if it was n't for the space bar . It 's loud and annoying . I 'd say its worth it to pay a little more and get a better one .
 This is a very decent keyboard in most respects . Keys are soft without being too spongy . The space bar issues often complained about on here has not been an issue for me . The problem is that the letters on each key rub away completely after just a few months . I notice this happens to those who regularly use lotion and/or eat greasy chicken at their desks . Most of the time , you do n't need to see the key when touch typing but try it sometime without any visible letters . It sucks .
 I bought this product because I have mild symptoms of RSI and read good reviews about its ergonomic design . But I decided to return it within one day of use because it severely worsened my symptoms despite the supposedly ergo design . Since the keys -LRB- especially spacebar -RRB- are pretty tight even compared to regular non-ergo keyboards , it increased the intensity and frequency of the pain I experienced earlier . I agree the shape of the keyboard , key arrangement and palm rest are very comfortable , but the basics went wrong here . If one has to exert thrice the effort to press a key than a normal keyboard and take its impact -LRB- trust me , its a huge factor to consider if you have any symptom of RSI like shoulder fatigue or pin prick pain randomly in the arm -RRB- none of the above ergo design can compensate it . Being a student , I did n't try to invest in other $ 200 ergo keyboards . Instead I went for good posture -LRB- keyboard-elbow-wrist alignment , relaxed shoulder etc. -RRB- and a few chiropractic sessions -LRB- go for it only if you know a good practician -RRB- . Now I can use a $ 5 dell keyboard with reasonable comfort .
 I bought three of these keyboards -LSB- ... -RSB- . I 'm sorely regretting it . They keys are incredibly hard to press , and the spacebar is noisy and stiff .
 I have had my keyboard 2 years . Within 2 months the lettering on the keys was wearing off which since I type by touch is not a big deal . Now the left riser foot broke . I called Microsoft to buy a replacement and lo and behold they do not sell them and wanted me to buy another keyboard . Seriously ? I should spend another $ 40 for a keyboard because of a 20 cent part even though it is in the warranty period ? What a joke . We are such a disposable society today that they would only sell me a new keyboard rather than let me fix it . Sure it puts more money in their pocket while taking it out of mine . Not a chance . It will be a cold day in , well you know , before I buy another Microsoft hardware product . Why should I as they would never allow me to fix it .
 The spacebar sticks and is incredibly hard and stiff to use . This fact alone makes it completely unusable and it is going straight in the trash . It 's a known problem that Microsoft is doing nothing about , as a Google search revealed . Also , the software that comes with it auto-installed and then promptly crashed . I used to think no Microsoft product could be worse than IE , until I tried this rotten piece of rubbish . Do n't waste your money .
 The first one I got had an issue with the backspace key . I would have to press very hard to register a backspace . I traded it in for a second one and now I have the same problem with the `` b '' key.I liked everything else about the keyboard so I thought I was going to trade it in again until just now when I attempted to play a video game and found that it wo n't register more than 3 simultaneous key presses which makes some games simply impossible to play.It 's too bad because it 's very comfortable and quiet , but I 'm done with this keyboard .
 Missed all of the other ` space key sticks ' feedback . I really do n't know why this was rated so highly ... seems like poor design .
 It would have / could have been a good keyboard . If only they had chosen not to implement the space bar as a single gigantic chunk . Nothing against `` single gigantic chunks '' , mind you , but the chunk in question requires such massive force , when hit from the outer ends as I need to do , that my carpal-tunnel instantly goes fire-alarm mode.I even took the keyboard all apart , oiled things , etc etc , but could not get the space bar action any better.Oh well.Avoid if you value your thumbs .
 ... well , almost.This keyboard is honestly nothing short of ridiculous . I bought this keyboard with all intentions of being a satisfied , ergonomically correct individual . It arrived on my door step after a one day Prime delivery , I opened it up and went to town . I type on a keyboard nearly 24 hours a day with my job , so I was ready to put it to the test.Instantly I noticed that the spacebar took about 100 pounds of force to push down . And my poor -LRB- normal -RRB- human thumb does n't quite exert that much force . I tried it out for two days before I decided that it was n't worth siftingthroughmysentencesto space apart words.I thought this would be a keyboard that I could relax on . On the contrary . I had to almost totally readjust my typing style to even be able to space between words.This keyboard fails simply because the spacebar fails.I really do n't understand how it got 4/5 stars collectively . And I promise I 'm not being nit-picky ! That spacebar is a beast ! And just about as loud as one too !
 Love the layout and feels better , however certain keys require a lot of force to press , such as the space bar -LRB- right side requires a lot of force -RRB- . According to others at this review site , this is a consistent problem with this model
 I still own and use an original MS Natural keyboard from 1995 . That keyboard 's been through hell and is really showing its age in the form of lots of friction and loud keys.I bought the newer MS Natural 4000 a year or two ago at the local retailer for $ 40 . Compared to my old keyboard it was immediately apparent that they had really engineered the thing down to the thinnest , lightest materials possible . The keys are reasonably quiet . I felt like it needed more tilt and angle to the keys , but otherwise was a reasonable keyboard . I do wish they had kept the editing keys and dispensed with the num pad altogether so that the keyboard would n't take up so much desk space.Then the enter key stopped working . I took it apart and could find nothing wrong , even looking at the traces on the flex circuit under a low-power microscope . I simply could not find the break , but there definitely was one in the flex circuit because all the other keys worked.For its price , it was okay , while it lasted . This time I 'm spending more on the leading -LRB- and most expensive -RRB- competitor hoping to get better quality .
 Did n't care for the ergo design . I 'm a two fingered typist na the ergo design is too big and the hump in the middle spreads the keys out too much and slows my type of typing down , pluss the hump in the middle causes you to need light on two sides of the keyboard light on only one side causes shadows on the opposite side , if your a visual typist like me you lose sight of half the keys in a dimly lit room . If your a touch typist and use all your fingers and do n't look at the keys it 's fine once you get used to the hump in the middle of the key board , but I can type faster with two or three fingers than I can with nine .
 Unless the quality of the contact points for the m and i keys is just abysmal , I have to stab both hard to get them to work , even with the keyboard new . : -LRB- Add to that the keyboard was n't in a MICROSOFT box , but in an aftermarket one full of bubblewrap , and I think it might be refurbished . : p
 Love the keyboard but I never noticed how often I hit the space bar until I tried using this keyboard . I returned the keyboard twice thinking I just got defective units . -LRB- I like all the other buttons and the layout so much ... I WANTED to get a good one ! -RRB- The third keyboard I bought had the same TERRIBLE spacebar . Argh!Well , Microsoft ... three strikes and you 're out!It baffles me how they could release a product that had so many good things about it but in the end leaves me completely frustrated!But wait ... it 's a MICROSOFT product ... ohhhh ... NOW I get it.Bottom line
 The spacebar renders this keyboard unusable . It 's clunky , it sticks , you have to really `` thwack '' it with your thumb to type a space . A shame , since the rest of the keyboard is fine
 I 've used earlier Microsoft ergonomic keyboards previously , and liked them very much . I wanted to update to a USB model , and so I bought the 4000 model without hesitation . Unfortunately , as other reviewers discovered , the space bar is difficult to press down ... so much so that it makes typing rather difficult , which is exactly what an ergonomic keyboard is supposed to help alleviate !! As such , this keyboard is all but unusable , unless you type with only your index fingers . If I could give it zero stars , I would.Did MS even * test * this product ? It 's a disgrace that they would release something that has such a glaring deficiency ... but then , it 's Microsoft , so why be surprised . Too bad because the rest of the keyboard is really pretty good .
 I used the older MS natural keyboard and like the bent configuration but the key response on this board is to mushy . You do n't get a light , satisfying click from the keys . And , yes , the space key sometimes resists too much and feels like its sticking . Most of the additional buttons are useless -LRB- I do use the volume control -RRB- . I 've used it for more than 6 months and still have n't gotten used to it - I 'm shopping for a replacement now . The insert/delete & page cluster is also different from the old keyboard which screwed me up from a long time .
 I thought the keyboard layout was extremely different the the normal keyboard based on the way the keys were layer out . This made it very hard to comfortably move fluently on the keys . I had to return it because it was not what I expected .
 This is the third iteration of same keyboard I 've used since Microsoft forced the wonderful Logitech ergonomic keyboard out of production -LRB- as I understand it -RRB- . Unfortunately , with each replacement keyboard -LRB- and they only last a year or so -RRB- , the quality has gotten worse and worse . I had to return one of these as the &#34; b &#34; and &#34; n &#34; keys of the last one would n't type at all . This one has a very rattle ' y spacebar and the keyboard touch has gone downhill . I 'm still having driver problems where the quote mark wo n't type unless a space is pressed immediately afterwards.Honestly , if there was another choice out there , I 'd switch in a heartbeat .
 I find this keyboard impossible to type on . The keys have a cheap plastic feel unlike the earlier MS ergonomic keyboards . It has the mushy feel of a plate full of overcooked spaghetti . As soon as I find a decent replacement this mistake will be shot in the head to put it out of its and my misery .
 I brought the keyboard , returned it 8 hours after it arrived . The fatal problem is the space bar , it is very HARD to press if you hit it on corner . It would be great keyboard if the spacebar problem fixed.WATCH OUT , TRY it before buy . Many users on Internet reported this problem too
 Even though many customers wrote about the difficulty in pressing space bar , I went ahead and purchased this 4000 key board . I am regretting my decison for not listening to the people . You can not use the space bar of this key board easily . It requires some effort , and you can only press it in certain angle . Probably , even a cheap key board will not have this problem . I do not know how this key board with a well recognized design deficiency is being sold .
 I 'm normally a big fan of microsoft ergo keyboards , and have always prefered ergo over a standard keyboard . However , after a few days of using this newly redesigned keyboard , I was extremely disappointed and had to exchange it for a standard logitech keyboard.First , this keyboard is very large . This really is n't a problem . However , the tiny plastic feet that support the back of the keyboard can barely support it 's weight . Any pressure on these feet will cause them to bend or break . Once looking at them , you 'll easily see why.Second , it looks like Microsoft decided that since the keyboard was split and that they had extra room , they would change the size of a few lettered keys towards the middle so they are twice the size of a normal key ! Add this to the fact that the keys feel `` squishy '' and you 've got one crazy typing experience . It certainly does not feel natural at all . I really did try to get use to this , but I kept finding myself pressing incorrect keys , or having to look at the keyboard to make sure I hit the right key.The large hot keys at the top of the keyboard are a nice touch . But for media playback , it has a Play/Pause button , and that 's it . No next , forward , back , or even a stop button . For no apparent reason , they are simply nowhere to be found.Now , it does feel comfortable -LRB- even though you can barely type at half your normal typing speed -RRB- , and it looks great . And that 's where the compliments end . I even had 2 other friends try out the keyboard , and they agreed ... it 's just not natural.Pros : - It looks great in black/silver - Comfortable to rest your hands on the keyboard - Keyboard has a good solid feel -LRB- excluding feet -RRB- . Cons : - The tiny plastic feet are useless - Some letters on keyboard are larger than others -LRB- annoying -RRB- - Keys feel way too soft and offer no feedback - Missing extra media controlsWhile this keyboard may be `` comfortable '' and looks nice , it 's just not practical for daily use if the feet break , the keys feel strange , and it slows down your typing experience . I 'd suggest going with an older microsoft ergo keyboard or sticking with a standard keyboard .
 This is definitely a keyboard you want to test at least a little before you buy . As said in the title if you are a child , woman , or anyone with average or smaller hands -LRB- mine are average -RRB- this keyboard will be more painful for you than a regular keyboard . When typing the main keys you are fine and this definitely has a much more ergonomic feel than other keyboards I have tested over the years . The problem lies when you have to reach for the keys -LRB- that are hard to reach even on a regular keyboard -RRB- such as the 1,2,0 , - , + , and BACKSPACE keys . If you have above average length fingers this may not be a problem but if you have average to below-average length fingers/hands there is definitely a problem due to the fact that these keys slope downward away from the reach of your hands in addition to the regular reach you have on a non-ergonomic keyboard . Those keys are in a different zip-code on this keyboard . The downward slope feels great with the regular keys but constant reaching for the 1,2,0 , - , + , and BACKSPACE keys will cause pain rapidly . If they would have made those keys closer or not had those keys slope down and away from your hands it might be OK . Or if they made the keys near them smaller to make these keys a little closer . Other than this , -LRB- although the main reason for getting an ergonomic keyboard is to cause less stress on your fingers , wrists , and lower arms -RRB- , this keyboard is above average . This might not be a problem if you are someone with large hands . In that case this could be a great keyboard . Or if they made one with smaller keys , or keys not so far apart , or out of reach due to the downward slope of the keyboard . Also , the b key either feels out of place or should have been made bigger because with the reach you end up missing the key sometimes because you have to bend your finger just right to hit it . As for the non-ergonomic aspect of the keyboard there are plenty of keys along the top of the keyboard that can be programmed to limit the amount of times one has to use a mouse . Plus it has the same types of multimedia buttons other keyboards do . The zoom feature in the center of the keyboard is a nice -LRB- although rarely used -RRB- feature . Plus , the padded wrist rest feels nice and is sloped nicely . The installation went fine although I plugged this into a USB port and there are reports that this keyboard wo n't work if you try using a PS/2 port . All in all I give it a 2 out of 5 because I do n't have large hands and this is after all an ergonomic keyboard and the benefit of getting one is to reduce pain , not increase it . If you have average to small-sized hands you would be better getting a non-ergonomic keyboard . If I had large hands and the key-reaching is n't a problem with large hands then I would give this a 4 out of 5 . I hope this review helps and gives incentive to the majority of us without large hands/fingers to test it in a computer store/electronics store first to see how well your fingers can reach some of those out of out-of reach keys . This keyboard is n't one of the cheapest keyboard ever made after all .
 The space bar has a lot of resistance , and after using this keyboard for one month , my thumbs are starting to hurt . Also , when I hit the space bar , I do n't always get a space on the screen . I was hoping the space bar resistance would ease up after some use , but so far , its the same . I will admit that the rest of the keyboard feels fine . FYI , I am a small person , do n't know if that has anything to do with my space bar issue .
 I love the way that this keyboard feels to rest my hands on . Also some of the special keys -LRB- favorites , calculator etc. . . -RRB- are really useful . But that does not make it worth getting this board for . The keys are completely mushy . I have dealt with a lot of keyboards before that had this problem , but never to this extent . The spacebar only moves about one out of every three times I hit because it just kind of presses in , no snap or quick release to it . The Right hand shift is the same way . I initially had three stars on this product , but just because of the frustrations I am experiencing typing this review I 'm dropping it down to two .
 I bought this to help with carpel tunnel but it has made it worse You have to really push to use the keys and stretch like crazy if you have small hands i have made 6 mistakes typing this . . nope 7 . . bad news for me
 It may just be that finding the perfect keyboard is a very individual thing , but this keyboard was my second attempt in two weeks to find a good ergonomic fit for me ... and this keyboard was even worse than the Logitech I tried.I am an average-sized woman at 5 ' 5 '' , and have relatively long fingers , but the reach on this keyboard from the home keys to the Q/Tab or backspace/enter was absurdly and uncomfortably far . The spacebar as many have mentioned had to be pounded to get it to operate . And I found that the angle of the keys meant my elbows had to be kept at an uncomfortably wide angle , causing instant discomfort in my shoulder muscles.Also the keyboard is huge , and if you 're not a big number pad user and you 're right handed , it puts the mouse waaaaay too far to the right to be covenient or comfortable.I 'm still searching for the right keyboard , but this certainly was n't it.For me , a complete waste of time .
 Before purchasing , I read the many reviews that warned about how this keyboard stops functioning after a few months of use . I decided to chance it and bought the keyboard anyway . I hoped the durability issues were just flukes . Unfortunately , they are not . After 8 months of use , the keys stopped working correctly . Whenever I typed E , EW appeared . At first , I thought my typing skills were going bad . Then , the JK keys got stuck together . Eventually , the keyboard became completely unusable .
 Nice idea - an ergonomic keyboard to help my suffering wrist . However , the keys were sticky and noisy , and the spacebar stuck about every fifth time it was struck . The stuck spacebar alone made the keyboard a failure . After returning and replacing the keyboard for the second time , -LRB- because of the spacebar -RRB- I realized the spacebar has a design flaw . You may also find that the wide keyboard means you reach across your desk to reach the mouse . I find the reach takes this keyboard out of the ergonomic category .
 It did not work at all.this is worse purchase I have eversi&oacute;n done.WhenIt arrive the box was not even damage . Then I conected to the usb and nothing happened , not one letter work
 just horrible build quality , space bar especially the right side of the space bar have a high tendency to stick once pressed and wo n't return back into position.one day my cat walked on top of the keyboard and one of my keys just popped out of the socket permanently , not recommended , and going back to the elite keyboard
 As a programmer , I spend 9 hours each day typing at a computer . Although the ergonomic style of this keyboard is nice and alleviates wrist pain by keeping hands aligned with forearms , the keys stick terribly on this keyboard and there are often several extra characters entered that I must go back and delete , slowing down productivity .
 If you have hand issues , this keyboard does not have enough curve . I like the padded wrist rest but that 's all I like . The previous model was better for arthritis and I can not find a keyboard that really works like the older models . Seems as though they are trying to outdo everybody else and end up with some modern looking piece of junk that really does n't do much for aching hands . Sometimes `` cool '' is not so cool .
 I have two of these keyboards . The first one I got for my office at work , and the second for my office at home . One I love and one I hate . There is clearly a problem with Microsoft 's quality control with these keyboards.First off , I 've been a user of the Microsoft Natural Keyboard Pro for years -- they are no longer available , and I bought five of them when the product was discontinued years ago . I 'm down to my last two somewhat clean keyboards . The main thing I 've been looking for in a new ergonomic keyboard is the correct setup for the arrow keys , with left , down , and right in a straight row , and up right above down -LRB- follow that ? -RRB- . The 4000 has that , plus the curved split keyboard that I have really come to love.The 4000 I have at work , the first one I got , is great . All the keys have a fairly consistent feel and are quiet . I preferred the utility button layout of the older Natural Keyboard Pro , and rather wish the function keys had their normal functions on the top -LRB- F1 , F2 , etc. -RRB- rather than the `` make it easy '' labels which only work on some programs , but otherwise , it 's a perfectly adequate replacement.The one I got more recently at home has one of the problematic spacebars . It 's LOUD . If all the keys were this loud , it would n't be a problem , but it 's very annoying and distracting to be typing and have a very loud slam/click every time I hit a space . I pulled the spacebar key off a few times and tried to fix it , so far to no avail . Finally I unplugged the new keyboard and went back to one of my remaining Natural Keyboard Pro copies.It 's hard for me to believe that computer keyboards have been around for more than 40 years and yet they still ca n't get such a simple thing right.In summary , I give one my copies of this keyboard 4 stars , and the other 1 star !
 I have been user of MS natural keyboards for over 10 years . I went through many of them esp . when I spilled water over.This one has huge problem and I am returning it back.The keys are harder to press than other keyboards -LRB- how can this be ergonomic ? -RRB- and worst of all the space bar is very noisy and even harder to press.This is such a poor design .
 I bought this with the hopes that it would allow me to use it as much as I need to and help alleviate my CTS discomfort . I tried the lift thingy , which I think made my condition worse , and I tried elevating it with the tabs on the bottom of the keyboard , but none of it seems to make a damn bit of difference . And like everyone else says , the space bar sucks and the keys are way too damn loud.I do n't know what else to get , I 'm tired of trying out keyboards , and I 'm tired of the pain . I ca n't write as much as I used to/as much as I 'd like to . I guess the only solution is to walk away from the machine altogether , and that 's what I 've been doing .
 It 's not functioning at all . Unless there 's an on-off switch that I pressed by accident this product has a very short life !
 Well ... its a wireless keyboard . I bought this for my tv room , computer is hooked up to the entertainment system . The wireless signal is so weak I had to by a USB extension so the keyboard would have line of site while I was using it ... pretty cheap Microsoft . Even with line of site the signal cuts out , and then comes back in periodically . I am only sitting 6ft away from the computer ... I would recommend looking elsewhere for a wireless keyboard .
 I am struggling to type this review because the space bar is so bad . I am going back to my old keyboard now .
 Like other users have said the keys are not very responsive especially the space bar . I seems to feel sticky which makes the keyboard unusable .
 I 'm a medical transcriptionist who types 190 words per hour for 8 hours a day . My Elite broke so I replaced it with Microsoft 's new ergonomic 4000 . The space bar is difficult to press so when I double space , I only get one space . The function keys are farther out to the sides so when I reach for the F9 , I hit F8 instead . I 'm having a lot of difficulty striking the `` x '' and the outside keys that require the pinky finger -LRB- hand size issue ? -RRB- I hate the new design so much that after 3 days on the 4000 , I bought another `` old style '' Elite . For some of us a keyboard is like a piano . We need the design to be reliable and efficient and to stay the same . The 4000 is a big FAIL with me . I 'm going to buy 2 of the old Elite style so that I have a backup . I have to replace my keyboard once a year due to wear and tear issues . Apparently , Microsoft only makes these things to withstand a year 's heavy use .
 It 's a comfortable , split keyboard with quiet keys . Having said that the space key is incredibly loud , so as you are typing it sounds like ` zzzz CLACK zzz CLACK CLACK zzzz CLACK zzz CLACK CLACK zz CLACK z CLACK zzz zz zzz CLACK ' It sounds like a typewriter . Now some people are fetishistic about mechanical keyboards and this is not one of them , but it sure sounds like one!This one detail of LOUD SPACE KEY is a problem . And the likelihood of this being a lemon keyboard is low - I went to our biz 's IT dept and they had other microsoft natural keyboard 4000 's with exactly the same problem.Now here 's the kicker - I 'm part deaf , so you can imagine how my using this keyboard is frustrating to my coworkers . I 'm in the process of getting my old , 5 dollar generic-came-with-dell-machine keyboard because i ca n't deal with this nonsense.Microsoft 's private label company who made this thing did a bad job with the details and now 1500 + people suffer from it . -- Also , why is the business version 5 dollars ish , more ? Makes no sense , other than institutionalized procurement fraud and/or theft .
 I tried this product and it was n't working at all . It would n't connect to my computer then when I got it connected it had all kinds of problems . I thought my wrist issues would be solved instead I get more headaches . I was not happy with my purchase . I hate buying online I should of known better.Dawn RichardsonManager of Function Space
 I would recommend avoiding this keyboard for one specific reason
 As has been stated , the spacebar is harder to push than other keys and significantly louder . I purchased it despite seeing these complaints because someone commented that he thought it had been fixed . It has not as of 12/8/2011 . It 's quite disappointing to see Microsoft not bothering to fix this one glaring issue on one of the most used keys . It was probably worth a shot to try a cheap alternative to the ~ $ 100 goldtouch/kinesis keyboards I had been buying but in my case it did n't end well > . >
 I was initially happy with this keyboard . It was much more comfortable than any other keyboard I 've used . The keys were very quiet and smooth . It had many convenient shortcut keys which I could reprogram for my own custom purpose . There is one fatal flaw , however.If you get ANY liquid on it , it will be completely ruined . I spilled a glass of water on the first one I bought , and I figured I 'd just let it dry out and it would be fine , like any other keyboard . It never worked again ; most of the keys did not work . Another time , I just choked on some water and got a TINY bit on the second one of these keyboards I bought , and again , completely ruined . The reason for this appears to be that there is not one solid plastic piece under the keys . If you remove some keys , you can see the contacts inside , so if you get a little bit of water on it , it will drip straight down and ruin the entire thing . Someone suggested removing all the keys and spraying some rubbing alcohol down there to help any excess water evaporate out . I 'll try it right after I finish typing this , but I doubt it will work . Seems like a pretty big design flaw , considering the price of this one , and that I 've had keyboards for under $ 10 that you can dunk in water and will still work if you just let them dry out for a day or so.Overall , it 's a great keyboard but if you are prone to spilling things , you 'll end up buying a new one every month or so . I 'm shopping for a waterproof keyboard right now but I 'm going to miss the design of this one .
 I decided to do my body a favor and buy myself an ergonomic keyboard . While my keyboards work decently , I was overcome with problems ; the mechanical M1 keyboard was a poor keyboard for typing -LRB- the feeling was off and I was making an abnormal amount of typos -RRB- and my basic Logitech keyboard , a membrane kind , started off nicely but turned rather crappy as time went on . It was time for a new keyboard.I was in a pinch between going after a new mechanical keyboard or an ergonomic one -LRB- you can have both , but the cost is prohibitive -RRB- . After some thought , I went with a cheaper route and for this keyboard . Upon opening it , it looked great ; sure , it was n't PS/2 compatible , but the wrist support was superb . Build quality was great throughout , although it 's no mechanical keyboard . It was wonderful to put my hands on the wristpad -LRB- which was lightly padded and covered with faux leather -- it 's really better than it sounds -RRB- , ready to type.Then I began typing.Problems began to surface . The keys were too stiff ; I do n't remember any keyboards that required break-in periods . They are usually shipped new and that 's the best condition for the keyboards ; it goes downhill as they age . The keyboard layout , I could nitpick about , but seeing as it 's an ergonomic keyboard , there 's no reason to -LRB- it 's probably better to adapt than to whine about it -RRB- . The dealbreaker , though , is the spacebar.It 's an ill-conceived , ill-designed , ill-manufactured piece of junk . Not only is the force required to type with it high , it often refuses to be pressed . Sometimes it gets stuck . Overall , whatever good thing I had to say about the keyboard , the godforsaken spacebar tosses it out the window.I should 've listened to the online reviews and pass up the opportunity to get this keyboard . It 's a shame the keyboard types nothing like it looks -- it looks beautiful and functional , but that 's about it . Fix the spacebar ! Then I am willing to give this keyboard a shot again .
 I too am a writer . I thought after a few months that I would become accustomed to the keyboard . I have n't . It is a neat idea , but after 40 years of using the standard QWERTY keyboard I have not been able to make the transition to this style . In typing this I made 8 mistakes . It is too easy to hit multiple keys , and the force needed to press the space bar and some of the keys is unnatural . I would not recommend this keyboard . But then , Microsoft is not known for their hardware .
 I really wanted to like this keyboard . I type a lot and I have an older Natural Keyboard Pro which I was ready to upgrade . I saw this and figured it was a sure bet since I do like the split ergonomic keyboards.I had this keyboard for one evening and it was enough to make me send it back . As some of the other low reviews have stated , the space bar on this keyboard has problems . The length makes it such that if you push with one thumb too far to the edges , the key will stick , making it difficult to press and messing you up . Some people have had luck with modifying the key a bit -LRB- ie taking it off and messing with the bar underneath -RRB- , but this was n't working for me.So , unless you have a long thumb that can push closer to the center or always press the space bar with both thumbs , this keyboard might not work well for you . I tend to favor my right thumb a lot , so this was definitely not working.On a positive note , when not typing , the keyboard was very comfortable with a soft wrist rest and riser underneath to get your wrist in a good position . Obviously though , if I ca n't type with it what 's the point ? I was looking forward to using this one , but considering it looks like the 7000 also has this problem , I will likely have to start looking at other brands for my new keyboard .
 Product never worked . The process for return was also not through the supplier even though the item had just been bought . I had to contact microsoft and go through a warranty replacement . Will not buy again .
 The design is great ! What a shame the space bar does not work , and makes noise . The overall quality is the worst . I would gladly pay more for this design that has quality build and a space bar .
 I returned this one and ordered Logitech keyboard . This one is really hard for me to use , guess it is designed more for game players .
 If you want Carpal Tunnel Syndrome , then this is the keyboard for you . The space key on this keyboard does not respond well because of the design . Your left thumb will reach the far left side of the space bar , which is designed to respond effectively if you press it in the middle , which you ca n't do unless you have a six inch thumb . This forces you to extend your thumb and stress the wrist . After two days of using this product , I may need surgery . Do yourself a favor and buy a normal keyboard . Of course , if you type with one finger and have time to pinpoint the space bar with your index finger and you think this looks cool , then buy it . But if you know how to type , then get a regular keyboard .
 I love the design . I give MS 100 % on that . My problem is that the keyboard is buggy.I use it with a laptop running XP that I set in a port replicator.I guess I type fast . I did n't think so , but when I use the 4000 keyboard , the < shift > key lags after I release it to give me a `` THe '' instead of a `` The . '' Sometimes it capitalizes the whole word or puts the symbols above the numbers . To compensate , I have to pause after I capitalize something or use parentheses.I went into the IntelliType Pro setup utility and there is NOTHING -LRB- I typed that , not the keyboard -RRB- to address that . I thought it was the ` accessibility ' stuff and I went in there and -LRB- I think I -RRB- turned everything off . I think . It 's still buggy . I thought the CAPS LOCK function was the problem and turned it -LRB- and all of the other features I do n't want to use -RRB- off . Still buggy.Most recently it locked up and caused a partly completed email to be sent . Then , after power-down , it worked for a little while and then the `` t '' key stopped working.I guess I got a defective one ; the one where 6-sigma did n't apply . If I could remember where the receipt is , and where the box is , I could make a 60 mile round trip out to the store and exchange it for another one . What a PITA.It seems to be solidly built and the ergonomic design is outstanding , but give me a keyboard that does n't have all of the bells and whistles that can go wrong !!! That takes away from all of the other good things.MS
 I have purchased two of these keyboards . I had to replace the first one because I spilled something on it and after that it would type incorrect letters for the keys struck . Totally my fault , but I 've had keyboards in the past that survived such accidents . The second keyboard , the `` x '' key has stopped working . < -- I just spent a couple of minutes looking on this page for an `` x '' to cut and paste . So , in terms of dependability , I 'd say this keyboard ranks two stars -LRB- below average -RRB- . I gave it a one though because given its cost it should be more dependable than less expensive options .
 I loved the ergonomics on this keyboard , which is why when my first one died I paid the high price for a second one . Now , the second one has died , too.Isn ' t it just like MS to spend a fortune researching the perfect ergonomic configuration , and then they build it into a piece of junk that dies if you twist the cable too hard . So totally typical of them.I only bought it the first time because it was so well-reviewed . Well , I should have known better . Microsoft , you 're never getting another cent from me , EVER !
 I type for a living so thought I would give this keyboard a try as it is supposed to be far superior to a regular keyboard . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! This keyboard was so hard to use , it 's unbelieveable . You need really big hands and really long fingers to be able to reach all the number keys . I use the / symbol alot and I was constantly missing it and hitting the Windows key and opening the Windows page . I finally had to inactivate that key . Also , the space bar is very sluggish and my words were running together a lot . The keys are very slippery and my fingers were constantly sliding off them . This was one of the worst keyboards I have ever used . I took it back after giving it a good trial of over 2 weeks and got a refund . KEEP YOUR MONEY !
 When I bought the keyboard , I was led to believe that the `` zoom '' button in the middle functioned as a scroll wheel . This would have been the perfect keyboard -LRB- natural shape , normal insert/delete/home / end/pgup/pgdown arrows and wheel -RRB- . On the M$ website , it says that Internet Explorer supports zooming , but it hardly does . It might be a mistake -LRB- I think not -RRB- , but Firefox supports the zoom feature much better than IE but its not listed . Maybe their scared to lose IE clients b/c of people who purchase their keyboard.Getting it set up was pretty dumb . I installed the software , shutdown , swapped keyboards , booted and I could n't log in . I had to shut down the computer again and boot with both keyboards so Windows would recognize the Microsoft keyboard after it booted up . I wonder what those 4 loading screens do if not load drivers that I just installed . Anyways , I checked Microsoft update to see if there was a critical update or security patch for the keyboard and luckily there was n't . I actually hoped there would be something to allow us to map zoom to scroll.The keys are also a bit stiff . Especially the spacebar and some of the keys that the right pinky hits . I feel like I 'm going to get more tired by typing on this than on my old keyboard but I 'll just have to wait and see.On the upside , this keyboard does look very nice and feels very good to rest my palms on the cushioned pad . I also love the sound that the 1-5 `` Favorite '' buttons make when they are n't defined . I wish they had different notes , maybe I can make music while I wait for stuff to compile .
 I bought this keyboard thinking it would be better for the environment , as inferred from its title , `` natural '' . Frankly , it 's no different in terms of its materials/energy usage than an average non-natural keyboard . I 've been using it for the past month , and while it is very comfortable and has eliminated my wrist and elbow pain , I have serious doubts that the keyboard is in fact as `` natural '' as it is claimed to be . The keyboard itself is made of normal plastic and does not appear to be biodegradable . There is no mention of the materials used in the manual . I have no idea whether the keyboard is in fact using less power than other keyboards . It does n't appear to be.In summary , if you are looking for an environmentally-friendly keyboard , look elsewhere . This one seems to be misrepresented by its name . It certainly is more comfortable than other keyboards I 've used , but I just do n't understand why it is falsely advertised as being `` natural '' . With such a name , I 'd expect the keyboard to be made of wood , potato-starch , or at least something biodegradable .
 BUENO A ESTA PERSONA LE HICE LA COMPRA Y LA VERDAD PERDI MI DINERO PORQUE HASTA LA FECHA NO HE RECIBIDO EL PAQUETE ME CANSE DE PEDIRLE EL NUMERO DE TRACKING PARA BUSCARLO EN LA COMPA&N tilde ; IA DE TRANSPORTE PARA VER SI ESTABA EXTRAVIADO ALLI PERO NUNCA ME RESPONDIERON SON MUY IRRESPONSABLE ASI QUE NO PUEDO NI RECOMENDAR EL PRODUCTOGOOD TO THIS PERSON DID YOU BUY THE TRUTH AND I lost my money because so far I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE PACKAGE ASK ME TIRED OF THE TRACKING NUMBER TO SEARCH THE TRANSPORT COMPANY TO SEE IF THERE WAS LOST BUT NEVER ANSWERED ME ARE VERY IRRESPONSIBLE OR SO I CAN NOT RECOMMEND THE PRODUCT
 The space bar on this new model is TERRIBLE . Old version much better , lighter , more streamlined ... and the space bar -LRB- that indispensable key -RRB- actually works .
 I like this keyboard and I owned a MS Natural -LRB- the white ergo ones -RRB- before it ... but the keys get rubbed off during normal use after only a few months . Of the alphabet keys , only my Q and N keys are n't rubbed off . Then N remains because the N key is extra wide for the ergo design and I 'm touching it where the letter does not appear and the Q is still present because ... apparently , I do n't use the letter Q very much . However , if I make this review any longer ... it 'll probably rub off so I 'm going to stop riiiiight ... now .
 I have bought or used at least three keyboards of this model . They all have different feel/characteristics , as if all made by different manufacturers . The first one was great
 this is my 3rd one of these they dont last long and lead to sloppy typing with the key shapes spend a little more if you like split keyboards and buy a Fellowes instead it works is the best that can be said for the microsoft keyboards
 I have really small hands , and after 3 weeks of using this keyboard , my finger joints are in pain whenever I type . I bought this keyboard to potentially avoid an occupational hazard , but it seems this keyboard itself IS the occupational hazard . The size of this keyboard is built more for guys who have larger hands , and I find I have to constantly move my hand around or stretch my fingers to reach all the letter keys . Do n't buy this if you have small hands -LRB- for comparison , my tiny hands are the same size as my 13 year old sister 's -RRB- .
 i bought this keyboard about 1 yr ago . this morning , after a routine cleaning , the enter key , both shift keys and the question mark key stopped working . i tried a lot of things to fiz the problem , apparently , the letter ` aks ' stops working as well . anyway , in the end , i realized it was the keyboard itself ... i remember when i decided to purchase this keyboard , even though the price of this keyboard was on the high end of all the keyboards that were available . however , i felt like since this is something that im gon na use everyday , i might well just spend the money and buy something thats going to last . but now , just after using it for little for a yr , the keyboard is done ... . i mean the keyboard looks nice , big , easy to use , but in terms of reliability , it is pretty poorly constructed ...
 Everything feels right , but the space bar is so stiff you have to SLAM it to make a space come up . Not cool for the most common key on the keyboard . I do n't want to solve my wrist problems by creating thumb problems . Pretty much useless .
 Over the years I have had many , many Microsoft ergonomic keyboards.The model 4000 arrived about a month ago . The design is good but the feel of the keys is poor . The action is at times very coarse and sometimes they hang resisting depression . Additionally , some keys are easier to depress than others which interferes with typing.Clearly , the bean counters have been at work at MS and have cheapened up the key action significantly . Not acceptable at all . More junk from China .
 The ` ergonomic ' keyboard is painful to use ! My hands are on the small side of average for a woman . To make the space bar work , I either have to push down extremely hard with my thumb in a normal position , or else twist my wrist to hit more to the center of the space bar . -LRB- My thumbs naturally fall on the far ends of the spacebar , not the center . -RRB- I am going to return the keyboard , because for a small-side-of-average-woman like me , this keyboard is the opposite of ergonomic .
 I 'm already on my second keyboard of this model , after the first one stopped working after a only a couple of months . The second just started giving me problems after 2 years of easy service - not acceptable.Though the design is very comfortable -LRB- though takes getting used to -RRB- and has been able to relieve me of wrist pain , the unreliability means my next keyboard will be a Logitech .
 I both love and hate the Microsoft Natural Ergonomic 4000 keyboard . I love its shape and how it feels using it . I love the relief it brings my hands and wrists from the pain of using a straight keyboard . What I hate about this keyboard is how pathetically easy it is to destroy it . The slightest drop of liquid on the keys of this keyboard will completely ruin it . I have gone through at least four of these over the years and each was completely ruined from very minor liquid spills , the kind that any other keyboard would not have any problem surviving undamaged . I 've taken one of the ones I 've broken apart and the metallic traces and contacts inside get completely eroded ; there is no way to repair these keyboards once liquid has gotten inside them . I had this one I just ordered less than a month ago get a small amount of water got on it and it , too , is now broken . I am simply done buying these keyboards . No other keyboard I have ever owned has been so incredibly easy to destroy.Be warned
 Several years ago I had one of the first Microsoft ergonomic keyboards with a PS/2 style connector.I really liked that keyboard.For whatever reason , I moved away from the ergonomics and have had standard keyboards for a while now . My Dell keyboard recently gave up the ghost so I decided to go back to a Microsoft ergonomic and settled on this one.There are nice touches , such as the scroll knob in the middle of the keyboard and the padded palm rest.But the keyboard itself has a cheap feel to it -LRB- much cheaper than the Dell keyboard I was using -RRB- and the keys are a bit mushy ... But the space bar is * horrible * . When you press the space bar with your right thumb it feels awful , it makes a loud click , and sometimes it just does n't work.I 'll keep trying to get used to the keyboard becauseA -RRB- I like the feel of the ergonomic layout.B -RRB- It 's a little bit of a hassle to return to Amazon just because I have to head out to the UPS store.C -RRB- The price was low enough to take a chance.The biggest drawback is the space bar . Maybe it needs a breaking in period but I have a feeling it 'll just get worse .01 / 12/12 - Just a quick update to my original review . I googled for `` microsoft 4000 keyboard space bar '' and there are a LOT of reports of this issue out there . Not sure why Microsoft has n't fixed it yet . At any rate , here 's what worked for me.If you pop off the space bar there are a couple of tiny triangular tabs - one underneath the 'N' key and one underneath the ` B ' key . The one under the 'N' key was broken and hanging on . As many commenters in my search recommended , I removed it and cut off the one under the B key as well . This has helped the space bar a lot , though it 's not perfect . It 's definitely much better now .10 / 16/12 - A couple of months ago I gave up on this keyboard entirely . The noise that the space bar makes was driving me nuts . It 's such a shame these issues have n't been addressed yet but I 've gone back to a standard layout Dell keyboard and am much happier .
 The main space bar is very sticky , as one would learn from the numerous searches people have conducted on Google to learn how to fix it . In fact , there is no easy fix . I have found that using this stiff bar has exacerbated my thumb pain . Now Amazon will not allow a return since I 'm past their very short return period . I do n't know what warranty rights an Amazon purchaser has with respect to Microsoft . Should n't Microsoft fix this product , rather than continuing to sell it ?
 I was excited about the keyboard . I noticed on day one that I need a sledge hammer to use the space bar . But hoped that I would get used to it . Used it a few months . But my fingers have started hurting . Going to dump this and hope to find one with softer keys . I do n't recommend this .
 The large , clunky , hard to press space bar ruins an otherwise fine product . My right thumb started aching after about just 15 minutes of typing . I returned the product . The space bar just pummels the right thumb in particular -LRB- maybe mine is weak , but I am a healthy fifty year old . Like I say caveat emptor . Check the keyboard out in the store first !! My feeling -LRB- as a layperson , not an expert -RRB- is that this keyboard might cause injury to some people 's thumbs over time with prolonged use . Microsoft , in its latest keyboard iteration , the Wireless Laser 6000 has substantially decreased the size of the space bar and made it for more responsive and easier to press . This is , in my view , a tacit acknowledgement that its earlier generation of space bars were too hard to press .
 I ca n't type the key that does n't work , because it does n't work !!!!!! -LRB- hint -RRB- , the one located between the Z and the C. Ironically , it worked fine for the first month , but now that I ca n't return it , it no longer functions . I have never had a problem with items purchased from Amazon , but this is definitely no good . I do have to say that all other concepts of the keyboard are great , but this defect erases all of the good points . I have several microsoft devices for 3 different pc 's , all of them are fine , but totally dissatisfied with this one !!!!
 When I received the keyboard , it was , indeed , stunning looking and feels really comfortable to type . In under 1 minute , I noticed that the Space-bar keeps getting stuck and repeating itself until I hit hard again . Without a working Space-bar , the keyboard is useless , no matter how comfortable it may be.So , I contacted Microsoft Support . Yes , the immediately created an order for a replacement . That was nice.After 2 weeks , nothing happened . So , I tried to chase down the Support personnel and there was no response . I created another trouble-ticket and they claimed that their system is having technical issues.Oh well , I guess I am just out of luck . Bad keyboard , broken Microsoft Support Tracking System , what more do I need to make my day.I am spending too much time on this broken keyboard . Do n't bother considering this keyboard . There seemed to be a design flaw in the space-bar . I am not the only talking about this issue in this site .
 I have tried two of these keyboards . The space bar is hard to push and actually will hurt your thumb . Within a year the space bar got so bad it 's was no longer usable . The quality is not as good as olderMicrosoft Natural Keyboard Elite .
 I have to add my criticism of the spacebar . Easily the most awful thing I 've ever encountered on a keyboard . You have to slam your thumb down on it right in the middle and it makes an awful clunking sound . Thankfully my hands are fairly large , so I do n't have to stretch my thumb TOO much , but after only a little typing I can feel tension in my hand and pain in my thumb . Very ergonomic Microsoft!This was a gift and it will definitely be returned . Thankfully I still have my Logitech keyboard . At least they make good quality products !
 -- I 've been in the IT field for almost 17 years , and have used lots of keyboards in that time . I ordered this MS Natural Ergonomic 4000 keyboard because it got great initial reviews , and because I was looking for a way to potentially reduce wrist strain after spending long hours at the computer . The keyboard worked great ; the ergonomic design really helped to ease the pain in my thankful wrists , and the keys were very quiet , but yet had a firm tactile response -LRB- means they did n't feel `` mushy '' when pushed , but rather `` snappy '' -RRB- . I personally had none of the `` space-bar issues '' that others have complained about , but like many others HAVE complained about , the letters on the keyboard 's keys started fading within roughly a month or two . I contacted Microsoft , inquiring as to the availability of replacement keys , and although I was told that they did n't have/sell replacement keys , they did offer to replace the keyboard free of charge . Flash forward another one to two months , and the exact same problem started occurring with the SECOND , replacement , keyboard . I contacted Microsoft AGAIN , and was told that they would replace the keyboard a third time , but was basically told that this would be the final replacement -LRB- so much for a 3 year warranty -RRB- . Of course the third POS keyboard had EXACTLY the same issues , and now after 11/2 years , roughly a quarter of the keys have no letters/numbers on them . -- It should be noted that the inks now being used on keyboard keys are apparently water based inks , and although more environmentally friendly , they appear to be less durable , exhibiting the tendency to wear prematurely due to the water and oils in our fingers . All keyboard manufacturers , to some degree , purportedly have this very same issue when key letters are simply printed on the keys with these `` earth friendly '' inks . The alternative , at the manufacturing level , is to have the letters/numbers engraved or moulded into the keys , THEN use the crappy water based paint -LRB- if they MUST use that -RRB- to paint the recessed letter/number . At least that way , our `` watery and oily '' fingers would n't come into such direct contact with the paint . Personally , I 'd be willing to pay a little extra money for keyboards made with keys such as those . However , if keyboards -LRB- and SO many other products today -RRB- were all made to last longer , the manufacturers would not sell as many ; Ahhhhhhhhhhhh , planned obsolescence at it 's finest !!! -- In any case , I will NOT be buying any more of these crappy keyboards , and instead will actively search for keyboards that DO have the letters/numbers engraved/moulded directly into the plastic , rather than just printed on the keys ' surfaces . If any of you already own this keyboard , and are also experiencing the fading issue , then here 's a few solutions that WILL work to alleviate the problem :1 . As mentioned in other posts , buy a transparent keyboard cover for the keyboard . These covers are generally inexpensive , and available all over the internet . -LRB- But you should n't have to buy a cover to make up for crappy engineering ... -RRB- 2 . You can coat the keys with several coats of clear nail polish to prevent the letters/numbers from wearing off -LRB- works VERY well -RRB- . When the polish wears off , just re-coat and you 're good to go . -LRB- But you should n't have to take the time and effort , to coat the keys with nail polish , to make up for poor engineering ... -RRB- 3 . Purchase replacement letter/number key stickers -LRB- usually made out of vinyl -RRB- . These stickers are also generally inexpensive to purchase , and can be found all over the web . -LRB- But you should n't have to use stickers to make up for poor engineering ... -RRB- 4 . JUST BUY A DIFFERENT KEYBOARD !! Good luck to all of you ! ... . Jeff C.
 The keys require too much force to depress , and are too thick , which makes it difficult to type fast without creating typos . The shape is good though .
 I work at a large institution where we install many of these keyboards . Our users seem to like the ergonomics , but that is about it.These keyboards suffer from poor quality -LRB- made in China like everything else these days -RRB- and I 've got a stack of bad ones sitting beside me that have to be thrown out due to non-functioning keys . I 've also had users complain about sticking spacebars -LRB- yes , even on relatively new keyboards -RRB- , and they just do n't seem to hold up.You 've been warned - these things are poor quality and you 're taking a risk buying one . Or you could buy two , so you have a spare when the first one breaks . The only trouble with that , is I do n't believe in rewarding companies for making bad products by simply buying more of their garbage .
 I read all the reviews on this keyboard , so I went to Best Buy to get a feel for the unit before buying it from Amazon . I just received it . Installation was a breeze . The construction is satisfactory . The keys have a good feel . The Space Bar is utterly annoying . I know many people have written about the Space Bar , but I could n't believe that it could be so loud ... and the one in Best Buy did n't seem so loud during that trial . I noticed that if you depress the space bar with your left thumb , that it is n't so loud . Also , the space bar requires much more push than the rest of the keys . This is being returned tomorrow .
 Many years ago I purchased several Microsoft keyboards , only to have to return them all because the keyboard letters would wear off quickly . I presumed that they had long-ago fixed this problem . I was wrong . The letters began to wear off within two-weeks of usage . I am very disappointed that Microsoft never corrected a known problem with their keyboards after all these years .
 I had one of the older ergonomic Microsoft keyboards , which I loved . When I decided to get a second ergonomic keyboard for home I figured I 'd order the updated model . What a mistake . The ` H ' key did n't work and two other keys were very sticky , making a really annoying loud clicking sound each time I hit them . I sent that one back to Amazon and got a replacement . Although all of the keys worked on the second keyboard , they still felt really stiff -LRB- especially the space bar -RRB- , making for a very unpleasant typing experience . I ended up giving the keyboard away .
 As often mentioned , the spacebar on this keyboard is stiff and loud . I have been using my keyboard for six months now and there has been no change in that . Additionally , the `` h '' key does not work properly on my keyboard . This key is slightly elongated to fit the ergonomic design , but if I do n't press down on the far left side of this key , it does n't work.Were it not for these two flaws , I would be very happy with the keyboard . It is very comfortable and the price was right .
 Being somewhat handicapped , I love the way the 4000 helps me position my hands . However , I have had multiple times that groups of keys stop working or single keys will hang giving me a string of single key inputs . MS Technical has helped me once to correct the problem - and I am waiting for assistance again . This is very concerning for what I considered a 1st class keyboard at a first class price .
 first
 Even though this keyboard looks exactly like the wireless keyboard I needed to replace , and it is listed second when I searched for `` wireless ergonomic keyboard '' , this keyboard is NOT WIRELESS ! I really liked the keyboard I had , but had a tragic coffee accident when trying to change the batteries . The wireless keyboard uses a usb transmitter , so when I saw usb , I , non tech dummy that I am , assumed it was the same . It was not . It does n't use the standard keyboard plug , which would have been acceptable , but needs a precious dedicated usb connection . It went back immediately , now it looks like I 'll have to buy the keyboard and mouse package if I want to replace the one I ruined .
 This keyboard was advertised as wireless . It is not . Although the ergonomics of this keyboard make it very comfortable to use , the space bar sticks which makes typing a pain in the butt ! I probably would have kept this keyboard were it not for the sticky space bar . I type too fast to have to deal with that problem .
 Goofed my typing all up . I have not been right since going back to a standard keyboard . Useless garbage .
 I would NOT recommend this keyboard . The spacebar sticks , cutting your typing speed in half . I do n't understand the good reviews it got here on Amazon , because reviewers on other sites also claimed to have issues with the spacebar .
 The company advertised the keyboard as `` new , '' but sent me one which clearly had been used . They were good about accepting the return , but their return policies are a -LRB- seemingly deliberate -RRB- hassle .
 I just got a new computer with a very basic keyboard . I tried to use my old Microsoft Multimedia keyboard but could n't find an adapter that would make it work on a USB port -LRB- I tried 2 different ones -RRB- , so I thought I would try to make the leap to a more `` ergonomic '' keyboard layout . I bought this one based on other people 's reviews . I have been typing on the straight-line layout for 23 years , so I expected to have to adjust to the different layout , but when I tried it out by typing a 3-page letter in Word , I began having the classic carpal tunnel pain for the first time . By the time I was through with the letter , I had pain shooting up to my shoulder and my wrists hurt as well . I seem to have injured myself using this `` ergonomic '' keyboard while I have never injured myself with the `` straight-line '' layout.I ended up selling this model , took a small loss on it , and then ordered the Microsoft Digital Media Pro keyboard , which I am happy with and seems to be better for me than this one.The wrist rest on this keyboard is nice . As others have noted , the space bar is hard to tap and takes more force than it should . Much of the functionality of this model is also present on the Digital Media Pro model -LRB- hot keys , zoom , `` favorites '' buttons , etc. -RRB- and I am much happier with the touch and feel of the Digital Media Pro model than I was with this one . For me , it was a disaster ! Obviously other people use it and like it , so each person will have to decide for themselves . It came as a big surprise that `` ergonomic '' was not helpful for me.I also had trouble with the curved surface because my fingers did n't go to the right places . If I had not experienced so much pain so quickly , I might have tried retraining myself to the new layout , but since I found something else that works better for me , it did n't seem like the way to go .
 I do n't use it , Just not use to this type of keybord , Might be ok if you used it but I do n't want to look for the key all the time
 Keyboard response is stiff/sluggish - especially the spacebar . Not the easy touch keyboard I was looking for . Returned for refund .
 I went ahead and got this in spite of the reviews , hoping I would get a keyboard with a decent spacebar . But , no , it 's just as everyone described . It 's hard to hit , clunky , noisy , and causes thumb pain within minutes . I 'm hoping the replacement may be the rare `` one in however many '' that actually is ok . The only good thing I can say is that at least Microsoft has good customer service , because after just half an hour on the phone , they 're sending a replacement keyboard .
 I returned it because the space key was excessively noisy when pressed -LRB- a very loud clunk -RRB- and required excessive force to depress . It was annoying and slowed my typing down dramatically . -LRB- I 'm also not sure I like the `` split '' design , but I probably would have gotten used to that . -RRB- NOTE
 I got this keyboard like what many others had in mind
 Key action was horrible - which is really too bad since the feel of the keyboard was very nice . The worse was the space bar , I felt like I had to hammer the darn thing just to get it to register , the other keys were also on the stiffer side .
 While the curve of this keyboard is nice , the keys are WAY WAY WAY too hard and stiff to the touch . A decent ergo keyboard should be a light touch , which is critical if you 're healing from RSIs . This is awful . I 'm returning it .
 space key is too hard to push down.This make my thumb more tired . Also , this type of ergonomic keyboard does n't work for people using the keyboard with one hand , such as `` layout engineer who use one hand for mouse '' . The floorplan make it extremely hard to reach each key with one hand .
 Like other buyers say . It looks good , but it 's too big to comfortably use a mouse on the side . The key action is too stiff , the programmable keys are not really programmable , and the space key sticks on occasion . It 's a keyboard , and the space key sticks ! That 's enough to make it the Vista of keyboards .
 I did n't like the way the keys or the space bar responded , all very stiff & noisy . I type a lot of data into spreadsheets & need quick and accurate response , but this was the opposite - stiff , slow , somewhat clumsy under fingertips , and large . You know how you just want to feel no resistance , or noise - it was n't this model . I even let my teenager try it to see if he wanted it before sending back , but he also could n't stand it , and we immediately put it back in the box , it was n't up to par , so we are returning . The one thing I liked was the built in gel wrist pad , that feature should be kept and the rest of it thrown out . If they would purchase a better designed keypad and put it in a smaller keyboard and use the same gel wrist pad , it would improve it a lot . Do you need to hire me to engineer it ? :-RRB- .
 After getting tired of aches and pains associated with keyboard use , reading lots of great reviews about this keyboard , and finally getting a deal on one here , I gave it a shot . For about a month , I used this as my primary keyboard . Then , I happily unplugged it and am hoping now to find it a new home.I could handle the sheer bulk of it , though I did n't care for it . I even got used to the fact that I often mistyped things -LRB- I use a sort of modified touch typing method where the finger closest to the key in question hits it rather than the `` right '' finger -RRB- because of the curved layout.What I could n't get used to was the feeling that I needed to reach down into the keyboard -LRB- because of the length wrist rest -RRB- and pound the keys to get them to register . The space bar was especially problematic . I could n't just `` tap it '' . I had to whack it pretty hard , and even then it often did n't register . I ended up going from a touch typist who did n't have to look at the keyboard often to someone who had to keep staring at the keyboard to figure out where the heck some of the keys were or why I kept getting a B when I wanted an N.It may have helped shoulder and wrist pain a bit , but it caused my fingers to hurt terribly from having to hit the keys harder than I liked.Apart from those complaints , the keyboard worked as designed , required no special installation effort on Windows 7 x64 , and the various little extra buttons all did what they were supposed to do.For now , I 've gone back to my Logitech G15 which is n't ideal but suits me a lot more than this one did .
 I do n't use this keyboard THAT much , but after a year or so , the letters on the keys rubbed off . Annoying .
 I bought a new computer and did n't realize the key board and mouse had the new USB connection so I had to purchase new ones.The ones that came with the computer were n't comfortable to use . So this keyboard looked like a good solutionI saw that some people said the space bar was sticking but other people loved it and did n't mention this problem , plus it looked like the closest match to the keyboard I was trying to replace so I decided to try it ... but when I received it , I was n't happy with it at all.The space bar did stick and made a loud clicking noise just like the other reviewers had mentioned - it was better if you hit it in the center - but when I was trying to type as I normally would that was n't the case and that key got stuck or made that clicking noise almost every time.I also must have missed the part about the center of the keyboard being raised and the shape and placement of the keys really bothered my right hand/wrist - so I am sending it back.It did seem to have some neat features / short cut keys though - I am really disappointed the rest of it did n't work better
 I would not recommend this product to anyone . I type very softly but the `` enter '' button stopped working after only three months . Several other customers have had problems with other buttons stop working after as little as a week or two -LRB- see the Amazon discussion forum on this product -RRB- . Also the space button is really hard to press . The return policy is very unclear and Microsoft charges you 35 $ only to ask one of their agents a question -LRB- keybord costing 39 $ ! -RRB- . Better buy a different keyboard .
 Maybe this keyboard just isnt for me . But the keys are sort of sticky because of the way it is shaped and the placement of your hands . I 've been typing on it for a month now and I really would rather have a regular key board . Bottom Line it sticks and it is uncomfortable .
 I 'm giving this keyboard one star because ultimately a keyboard primarily needs to have keys that are comfortable for me to use and do n't impede my input . I found the keys on this keyboard to be way too `` spongey '' , meaning that the keys press down quite a ways then do n't spring right back up ... It was akin to walking through quicksand , if that makes sense ... I found myself having to press the keys harder , and that would then slow down the next key press . Strongly suggest you try this one out in the store !
 I was hoping this keyboard would help me with shoulder pain while typing . The spacebar is very stiff and oddly designed . You have to hit it at just the right spot and at the right angle or it sticks/hits on something below it that does not give . Very painful over time to my shoulders and very disruptive to my normally fast typing . I should also say that my fiance , who has large hands , felt the spacebar was a problem for him as well . But I found that in general my hands may have been too small for comfort with the layout of this keyboard . I also found that the keys were not as comfortable to hit over time as I had hoped . But the spacebar was the real `` sticking '' point that got me to decide to pack it back up today in order to return it . Very disappointing .
 As a skilled touch typist accustomed to the standard keyboard layout , I was surprised and disappointed to discover that this keyboard forces you to use your left hand to reach the `` 6 '' key.Microsoft decided to make the `` 7 '' key twice as wide , and move the `` 6 '' key to the left side of the split layout -- where the right hand can not reach it.This to me is a fatal flaw . If you do n't touch type the numbers , maybe it wo n't bother you -- but if do , or if you share the keyboard with others , they might find themselves mistakenly typing `` 7 '' when they meant to type `` 6 '' . I did this a few times already , but I 'll be replacing this keyboard with something better as soon as possible .
 The space bar is much too stiff on this keyboard -LRB- especially on the right side -RRB- . After about 5 minutes of use , I decided to return it . It also does n't work well with macs despite the install package -LRB- which requires a restart -RRB- . Under the microsoft keyboard config utility , it claims that the function keys belong to Mac OS , but do n't do anything .
 This keyboard looks beautiful , but do n't be fooled by its appearance . Keys are very hard to press . Several keys that you will use very often are even harder
 First of all , I am not a traditional typist , I do a lot of `` two finger typing '' . It did slow down my typing speed a bit but not as much as I anticipated . I could see myself getting used to it , The key layout is very comfortable . I like the soft feel of the keys and it 's not terribly noisy , like my Dell L100 . But one attribute kills the potential beauty of this board , the space bar , which is one of the most used keys.You have to hit space directly in the middle in order for it not to have a sticking feel . If you try to press it from the sides it takes a lot more pressure . You have to hit it hard then it seems to slam down , highly unacceptable and annoying when you are trying to type fast.If it was n't for the worst space bar design I have ever used , this keyboard would easily get 5 stars . But I must give it 2 . I also read that the lettering on the keys wears off after a short time . This I did not experience for it took me a day to realize that it must be returned .
 I have a 3-yr-old model of this same keyboard that needed replacing . I ordered the exact same model because I liked it . The new one made an awful thumping/click with the spacebar . Thinking it was just a defective keyboard , I had Amazon -LRB- promptly , I might add -RRB- replace it . The replacement did the same thing . I transcribe and need a quiet keyboard , so this was unacceptable . It might be fine for someone else . I went to the local office stores and tried their floor models of the Microsoft 4000 , and they all had that thumping sound - only the spacebar . The rest of the keys were quiet . I loved this keyboard but had to search for a different model that had a quieter touch . As far as longevity and ergonomics , my old 4000 was great . Even when the letters were worn off the keypads it never made any loud clunking or thumping sounds . If you are not fussy about this , you will be happy with this keyboard . If you are new to an ergonomic keyboard but are a typist , you will be used to the layout within a few days . If you spend long hours on the computer , the ergonomic layout will save your wrists .
 It is a great product . No complaints . Got used to the new shape pretty quickly . I do n't have any problem with the space bar as such.Update 5/7/12
 Received the item in a short period of time . Upon installation , realized that installation CD was missing . Was able to install anyways only to discover that several keys did n't work . This was either a refurbished , returned , or used unit that was passed off as new . I am still awaiting a replacement .
 I 've been using these for many years but the copy I bought today was returned in favor of a Logitech product.The key press on the new one had a kind of raspy quality and the pressure for the space bar is noticeably higher , which makes it hard to get used to working with it.I wo n't buy any more . -LRB- I already have 3 in use . -RRB- Look for an older one in a thrift shop if you really want MS - I got one for $ 2 that works fine .
 My keyboard is heavily , heavily used . I 've been using the Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite for many years now . I 've probably gone through about 4 of them . I use them so much the keys develop a shiny , smooth surface -LRB- in other words , the slightly nubby texture gets worn off -RRB- . I decided it was time for a new keyboard , so I thought I 'd try the Microsoft Natural Ergo Keyboard . What a mistake that was ! The keys are clunky , and you practically have to pound on them . The space bar especially was a nightmare . I would tap the space bar with my thumb , which you know is the strongest digit , and ugh , the bar would not move . I literally had to remove my hand from the keyboard and use several fingers to push down on the space bar.I ended up giving the keyboard to my brother -LRB- it would have cost me at least $ 15 to return the keyboard to amazon -RRB- and plugging my old keyboard back in.If you are interested in this keyboard , I highly recommend going to a store and trying one out first . I did do this , but the keyboard display was such that I could n't simulate a real-life situation .
 I ordered this keyboard through my company . They gave me some strange looks because they had to order a special one for me . I need it though to prevent strain on my fingers.So anyways the company delivered it and when I started typing I noticed how much the space bar sticks . It makes a loud noise too when you hit it . I dont want to bug my company so hopefully I 'll get used to it.Microsoft is such a strange company . They make billions of dollars but the company is essentially run by really smart little kids who make tons of mistakes . I cant believe no one ever QA this . I also cant believe they have n't fixed this keyboard will all the complaints . I guess that 's Microsoft for you . Everything they do half works .
 We purchased this keyboard . I have one in my office and purchased one for the house . The one purchased was refurbished and broke 2 weeks in . Certain keys quit working and had to break out the old keyboard.VEry Unsatisfied .
 I purchased this keyboard for Christmas 2012 . It is now the end of January 2013 . The keyboard has failed . While it was working I liked it , but the key touch is amazingly soft . I like a keyboard with a click kind of touch . I have an Apple and the keyboard just stinks . Nonetheless it keeps working . Failure after two months just is n't acceptable.What to do ? Looks like I 'm out the bucks because Microsoft built a crummy keyboard . My wife will try and send it back . Hopefully , Amazon will stand behind their products . They always have.AD2
 I use Microsoft keyboards for many years and I was always happy until this keyboard appeared . It feels great , it looks good but it 's just not working . I 've owned 2 keyboards in row . On my first `` H '' button breaks every 2 month and I have to use my screwdriver and clean the keyboards , all the insides are very cheap and unprotected . Anything inside keyboard can prevent a button from functioning.Then I 've decided to buy one more keyboard . A month and a half later `` Y '' key is barely functioning . So if you have better things to do than unscrewing and cleaning your keyboard , choose anything else . I still have noname keyboards from 95 and all of them still function excellent .
 I 'm an I.T. Engineer for a hospital and have gone through literally a hundred of these . The characters rub off the keys after about three months of constant use . Quite often the space bar sticks or keys fall off the board altogether . A piece of junk for the money .
 I 've owned several of the MS ergonomic keyboards . I decided to pick this one up to see how much difference there was compared to the older models . For one , people say the keys are quite easy to press , it is , slightly . The keys are quiet but the depression of the keys are a little bit harder than the previous models.The thing I hate the most is when you 're typing and the keys are hard to press or you have to hit the keys at a certain angle in order for it to go down and register.This 4000 model , the keys are soft yet you have to hit the keys a little bit harder for it to go down . The wireless optical pro kit that has a ergo keybord like this is much softer meaning all you have to do is slightly tap the keys and you 're good to go.I think I may be one of thee most pickiest people when it comes to keyboards . I just can not stand typing on keyboards that have keys that are hard to press . I do not understand how everyone goes about their day to day activities and this not even bothers them one bit . Anyhow , I give it two stars . The design is nice but the keys are hard to press which mean you have to hit the keys that much more harder . I 'm going to return it to where I bought it from and stick with the wireless ergo keyboard for now .
 All but one of the keys on this keyboard are great . If this was the tilde key , I would love this keyboard . Unfortunately , it 's the space bar . The actuation for the space bar is at the center of the key , which is n't necessarily the cause of the problem , but it certainly does n't help . My previous MS keyboard -LRB- I believe it was the Elite -RRB- , actuated at the center also , but the key was designed in such a way so as to allow it to be pressed anywhere quite easily . On this keyboard , the space bar has to be pressed very near the center in order for the key to work . Even then , it has to be pressed quite firmly , and it makes a very loud clicking noise . Seeing as how the space bar is used more than any other key , this is unacceptable . I am returning this immediately .
 The loud and sticky space bar ruins what would otherwise be a wonderful keyboard . All of them seem to do this -LRB- per other reviews -RRB- It is a function of the fact that there is one switch in the center of the space bar and the force at either side of the bar causes it to rack to that side and twist the guide above the switch , increasing the energy needed to push the bar down . -LRB- The torsion bar does n't do its job . -RRB- Then it makes a loud noise when it hits the bottom . I would not want to use this in a public setting . Since I like the layout , I 'm going to try to fix it , but I have a machine shop at my disposal . If I did n't , I 'd throw this away .
 I was disappointed in this keyboard for 3 reasons . First , I thought the mechanical feedback for the key press was poor . Some keys , particularly the space bar , required significantly more `` push '' than the others . Also , the space bar was particularly noisy when fully depressed . Second , the ergonomic design of the keyboard was quite pleasant , but the spacing and the sizing of the keys -LRB- some letter keys are larger than others -RRB- made typing a bit difficult ; larger hands may find it a bit easier going . Finally , the web quick access button did not permit programming any other browser to open other than Microsoft 's Internet Explorer , even bypassing the default browser -LRB- FireFox -RRB- set up on my computer . Other buttons could be programmed for it , but not the button labeled for the Internet . For those 3 reasons , I returned it since it was going to be too frustrating to live with it .
 I 've had a pretty serious case of RSI for quite some time now and have tried many keyboards . for the last 2 years , i 've been using the microsoft natural keyboard and can definitely tell that it 's much better on my wrists than an ordinary flat keyboard . unfortunately , my natural keyboard is starting to act funny , so i bought the natural ergo keyboard 4000 . i had high hopes because it looks nice , i like the reverse tilt -LRB- i often roll up a towel and put it under the front of my natural keyboard to create the same effect -RRB- , and it seems to have some nice feature.unfortunately , i 'm going to return it to the store primarily because the keys are just too hard to push -- especially the spacebar . it 's actually hard enough on my hands that as i started to type this review , i decided to stop , unplug the ergo 4000 , and use the natural keyboard instead . maybe the keys will loosen up with time , but i ca n't afford to aggrevate my RSI in the process .
 I spent most of my days writing code and am quite comfortable with split keyboards . That being said , I can not recommend this keyboard . The space bar is just too poorly designed.If you look at the pictures of this keyboard you can see that the space bar is quite wide . Now think about where your thumb is when you strike the space bar - off to the side . However , the actuator for the spacebar is centered on the space bar . This increases the amount of force required to strike the space bar.For a traditional keyboard this generally is not an issue . However , the split nature of this keyboard makes the space bar longer than those found on traditional keyboards -LRB- the MS spacebar is a full 1.5 inches longer than that on my traditional Dell keyboard -RRB- . Worse , the required force results in a loud clicking noise everytime the space bar is struck . If you do n't mind a loud keyboard , you may find this acceptable . If you share an office space or work in a cubicle , you 'll drive your neighbors crazy . I 've got my own office and drive myself crazy when typing.The solution is trivial , but apparently did n't occur to anybody at Microsoft
 I have 2 10 year old natural keyboards with the old keyboard layout and when I saw this new keyboard with the same layout I bought one . Sadly , this keyboard is painful to use . The keys - especially the space bar - require far more force to use that my previous keyboard . I am a software engineer and used to typing but this keyboard has slowed my typing rate and wears me out after 20 minutes . On the shelf it goes for emergencies as I 'll continue to maintain my old keyboard .
 Although keyboard has nice features and is well laid out , the space bar only depresses in the center . Apparently this problem is wide spread amongst buyers as it is well documented on google . You would think Microsoft would offer a replacement part to fix such a common problem .
 I tried getting a replacement for my first one which had a broken space bar . The 2nd one had a space bar which did not even move . I wrote a long review and Amazon did not post it . Bottom line , stay away from this keyboard ! You will only have to return it . It did not even come shrink wrapped and looked used . I said a lot more the first time , but Amazon likes to censor any negative comments . I use to be 100 % satisfied with them , but not after this experience !
 The split ergonomic design is a big plus , but there are two major downsides that make this a very poor product on balance : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The letters on the keys are too small . You have about a full half inch square available - why not use it ?? Why must you put tiny letters in the upper left hand corner ? Are you not aware that some users have problems with vision ? -LRB- 2 -RRB- Worst of all
 I 've used the same keyboard at work from Fry 's , and figured I 'd save a few bucks off retail by getting this on Amazon . I was disappointed to find the box shipped in an OEM box , and found the ' 2 ' key breaking after about 2 weeks of very light use , which made me think these are refurbished jobs , and not full retail products .
 I 'm pretty annoyed that I spend money on a premium product from a premium company and the little rubber feet fall off of it within 6-months . As soon as I lost just one of the feet , the keyboard wobbles when you type . If you take the other ones off , the keyboard slides around on my desk.I mistakenly figured that this happen all the time and microsoft would be all setup to just mail me a package of the appropriate feet . I was even willing to pay some reasonable fee , but NO LUCK . In fact , the rep acted like it was the stupidest thing ever to call the company for this kind of replacement part . She suggested 5 times that I just go down to my local computer store and get the feet . I seriously doubt that BestBuy or any other place has the exact feet that fit in the groves for this keyboard and if you do n't line-up the height right that keyboard is off balance.Scratch microsoft off of my list of customer friendly companies .
 The keys are very hard to press - within 1 minute of typing , I am already feeling cramps in my hands . It 's going back to the store tonight !
 We use these keyboards at work and I think they feel great * when they are working * . Unfortunately , after a while some of the keys stop working -LRB- i.e. I press the key but get no character on the computer -RRB- ! I took a couple back to the IT people at work and they said people are returning these keyboards all the time and I should try a different model.I now have 3 dead keyboards on my desk
 I am returning this keyboard.Product : Microsoft natural ergonomic keyboard 4000 - advanced ergonomic designModel :1048 Reasons :1 . It is not ergonomic design by any means2 . spacebar is hard to press when you actually type .3 . your fingers/wrist might experience pain if you use this ; It happened to me.you wont understand what i say if you simply try this keyboard in stores . you actually need to type a document using this and u will know why the keys make it hard to type . it is amount of pressure needed to type a key is different when u press them individually vs while typing a document when all fingers are in use.-Don ' t know which ergonomic evaluator approved such wiered keyboard.I would give it ZERO stars if I could.Suggestsions for Microsoft :1 . split the space bar into two buttons to atleast make this keyboard usable .2 . reduce finger pressure required to press all keys specifically spacebar .3 . increase the size of enter button . and reduce size of most keys .
 Wow ! Leave it to Microsoft to blow it by creating a beautiful keyboard only to make it unusable because of the space bar . I read the previous reviews where folks complained about the space bar but figured since this keyboard has been around for a while MS would have figured out and fixed the problem . Nope , you have to push the space bar down right in the middle for it to work , otherwise it goes down at an angle causing too much friction and not creating the space-character . It 's called physics.For me to type this review , I have to extend my thumb has far out as possible to ensure I hit the space bar in the middle . NOT VERY ERGONOMIC.In short , I 'm returning this dog and buying another Adesso keyboard . They have two space bars - one for each hand . Each one is aligned with the natural position of my thumb so I never have to work to hit a space-character . See ya MS , you blew it again .
 Because i discovered a malfunction in the keyboard , I contacted , Microsoft and they were considerate enough to send me a , BRAND NEW KEYBOARD , free of charge.Because I could n't contact Reforger , Thanks God for Microsoft.Also the malfunction was in the , two2 , L , key , zoom , key , did n't work.Sorry you did n't know of the malfunction , did n't know a person had to purchase as is.Do more refurbishing before sending products out.Thank YouProfit Adams
 I have had 2 of these microsoft keyboards , and they all have had the same problem , the keys stop working .
 This was bought for one of the attorneys at our firm after the rave reviews two other attorneys gave it . We do a lot of typing in this office and so the attorney was hoping that this would make the work more comfortable . Unfortunately , like other 1-star reviews , he could n't stand the hard spacebar . He made a go of it for about a day or two before bringing it back to the front office for return . Makes us glad we did n't toss the box or his old keyboard .
 I have been using this style of Microsoft keyboard for many years . Suddenly they no longer make it in a wireless format . Now I can no longer move my keyboard back while conferencing with students since I am now tethered by a cord . The quality of the product has gone down too . The keys are now much louder and the letters have come off of half of the keys after only two weeks ! My last keyboard lasted me about five years and all of the keys are still readable . Good thing I do n't need to know what letter each key is!I really wish someone else made a good ergonomic keyboard . I am very dissatisfied with this one !
 6 months ago , my workgroup purchased 10 Microsoft 4000s . Two of them have already died , and the key decals are disappearing from the rest.Compared to the originalMicrosoft Natural Keyboard Elite , the 4000 has a much less accurate key response -LRB- it feels `` squishy '' -RRB- , and the larger distance from the right side of the keyboard means your arm has to travel farther to reach the mouse , making `` mouse elbow '' more likely.Bottom line
 This keyboard is great . A nice feel , comfortable layout , I suppose I must admit I 'd prefer better keys as I like a quality laptop type keyset than traditional desktop keys . The buttons are a little `` gummy '' but I can look that all aside as it 's not too much an issue than a minor annoyance and this is the only half way descent ergonomic keyboard that is reasonably priced.The main flaw is in its construction . Herein lies its downfall . I 've never used something more poorly constructed . It will die if you spill ANYTHING on it . For 50-80 $ I 'd expect a keyboard to have some sort of resistance to spills . Now , I would n't expect to submerge it or poor a keg onto it , but I 've had cheap 10 $ keyboards survive far worse catastrophes than this one and continued working as though nothing happened.From someone that `` suffers '' from carpal tunnel syndrome I can not use any other keyboard without my wrists screaming in agony . So , I am stuck with this keyboard or buying something that costs hundreds of dollars . Granted I do like this keyboard , but I am counting the days until the next time an accident occurs and have to replace it ... again .
 Just resting my thumbs on the space bar causes repeated spaces to be typed . Seriously , I do n't even have to press the space bar , just touch it , or breath on it . At first I thought my keyboard was possessed and I could barely type anything legible . I also have problems with letters and keys being repeated , even though my fingers are off the keyboard . The delete key has this behavior as well , which has caused me to inadvertently 5-10 emails until the delete button decides to unpress itself . I give up !
 I had high hopes for this product but turns out to be not well made . The space bar sticks and got a replacement . The replacement I got does n't stick as much but it still sticks . I tried using this ergo keyboard but it hurts my wrist more than the typical keyboard . I type a lot and this is not something I would recommend . The right side of the keyboard is too wide so you have to reach further for your mouse . I would think Microsoft will have a better product than this . I like my other microsoft products -LRB- hardware -RRB- but this one is not worth fifty something dollars . The $ 10 or $ 20 keyboards are better .
 In only about 6 months the paint on the keys are worn off badly . About half a dozen keys I ca n't barely even see ! The 'N' which really among all the keys is completely gone ! And Microsoft DOES NOT stand behind their products saying normal wear and tear is not covered ! So basically I am screwed and they would replace it but it would cost me more than I paid for it originally ! I WILL NEVER purchase another hardware product from Microsoft since they do n't stand behind their products anymore !
 I want to like this keyboard and overall I think it has a very nice feel . But the space key is very difficult to press down . Hunting through reviews , I noticed quite a few complaints about this -LRB- some reviews going back to 2007 -RRB- and Im guessing that some of the keyboards have the problem some dont -- luck of the draw . Regardless we all know what a keyboard should feel like -LRB- and if MS puts an ergonomic on the box I expect it to feel better than that -RRB- , also this problem has been around for over a year and they are still shipping keyboards with the problem . A design flaw with the keyboard and a inability to manage quality in the MS hardware group .
 I accidentally spilled some water on my ergo keyboard last week and the control key and `` c '' key were out of commission . I purchased the 4000 and tried it out as a replacement . The keyboard is huge . If you are using a computer desk with a slide out keyboard tray , this monster will either scrape underneath the desk or not fit in at all when you try to slide it back in.There are lots of bells and whistles such as programmable keys and the sort , but these are more of a gimmick than anything else . The key response and placement are ok , but it 's easy to mistype because of the angle of the keys.After two days , I returned this keyboard . It has a nice wrist cushion , but overall , the feel of the keys , the unwieldy over-sized footprint , and flimsy keys do n't add up to a very good typing experience . The Microsoft Natural Elite runs circles around the 4000 . Oh , and after two days , my keyboard dried out and works fine again .
 I like everything about this keyboard except the spacebar . It is way to stiff to be comfortable . I hate to return anything , but I have no choice . The spacebar is annoying as I write this review .
 I am returning my ergonomic keyboard . After five minutes of using it , my right thumb was hurting from hitting the space bar . You have to get it in the right spot or it wo n't go down without a lot of force . The `` good spot '' on the space bar is an unnatural position for me , so the keyboard goes back .
 I ended up returning this keyboard as it was not as comfortable as all the reviews mentioned . I do part time transcripts so have to use my keyboard a lot and did not feel this would suffice . Some keys were hard to push .
 Touch typists all know that the first five number keys are hit by the fingers of the left hand , and six through ten are hit by the right.The technician creating this keyboard has 1-6 on the left and 7-10 on the right . No-one I know has six fingers on their left hand and only four on their right . Trying to use this without being jolted out of what one is typing to look at the keys is virtually impossible because of that awkward split.This keyboard fails based on that alone .
 I 'm the IT manager for a hospital . One department in our hospital loves these keyboards for some strange reason . I have always been perturbed by how the keyboard is split incorrectly . That is , against the normal teaching method of using the right hand to access the number 6 . I also ca n't stand to spread my hands sideways like I 'm massaging a beach ball.Aside from that they have been a huge pain in the neck . The failure rate for these keyboards is very high compared to our standard HP and Lenovo keyboards . They just are not durable . We 've had many fail because the cord gets an open or short circuit . We 've had even more get the dreaded stuck key issue . Even though the key does n't appear to be physically stuck , but the key will repeat itself ad infinitum . It has been the space bar mostly , but other keys also suffer the same problem . Unfortunately these have been a thorn in the side because of their reliability problems . If reliability is important to you there are better choices like a true mechanical keyboard -LRB- pricey -RRB- , or even just a name brand business keyboard.EDIT
 I bought this keyboard to replace the old Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite that I used for over a decade after my new desktop did n't come with a PS2 port . The space bar requires A LOT OF FORCE to press down . As a law student who has to write lots of papers , I replaced this after 6 months when I started getting repetitive stress injuries from using it . I ca n't get through normal web browsing or email anymore . Sadly , even the letter keys are also far too hard to depress.The free USB keyboard that came with my machine is more ergonomic than this `` ergonomic '' one , which is infuriating . I thought this would become easier to type on as I broke it in , but no luck . It does n't break in over time . It 's just as hard to use today as it was the day I bought it . A keyboard is one of the few things I would recommend you test out at a brick-and-mortar store before buying.My other complaint is that the zoom toggle in between the two sides of the keyboard ca n't be reprogrammed to scroll up and down pages.This keyboard is VERY disappointing . I regret buying it .
 I 've bought this keyboard 3 times . First time died on me after some cough syrup , totally my fault . Bought a new one because I simply love the shape and layout . I spent many hours on my computer and I stopped having wrist pains after I started using this keyboard . Anyways , I bought my second one and after a couple of months half othe keyboard stopped working . I thought my dog had chewed on the usb wire so I ordered a new one . SAME EXACT PROBLEM after 1 day of use ! YES , ONE DAY ! Tested it on another computer with the same result . I guess the quality control has gone down and thanks to that , I wo n't be buying this keyboard ever again . I really wish logitech would create a copy of this keyboard , but with their quality control .
 I got one of these back when it was a new thing and cost about $ 60 , and I have encountered the following problems : - Scratches/engraves a ring around my discs at about 75 % out from the center . - Collects internal dust with a surprisingly fast rate compared to the non-MP3 discman I used before . - Have to remove the disc to change batteries - It just broke such that the spindle locks up on startup . I do n't know if this is common , but it should not occur from normal wear and tear . - Skips -LRB- in MP3 mode -RRB- when walking with it in any pants pocket other than top fron of back pockets .
 sounds like a kitty cat but it 's true -- this portable cd player works fine but it can scratch your cds if you 're not careful . It 's battery console is opened from the INSIDE of the disc console -LRB- where you insert the cd to play -RRB- . If you do n't close the battery lid properly , it is still raised and will scratch the disc once you play it . This player scratched three of my favorites . Sorry to say but whoever thought of putting the battery console inside the disc console is an absolute genius .
 If you care anything at all about sound quality stay far away . I have a very expensive pair of headphones I use with a variety of CD players on various computers , etc. . Sound quality has never been an issue with any of them really . Then I got this pile of crap . It sounds HORRIBLE . The two preset eq settings don ' help either . I have dozens of Panasonic products including my 1996 model portable CD player -LRB- it 's huge by today 's standards ad takes 6 batteries -RRB- . I bought this to replace it and the new one made the old one sound incredible . Stay away .
 It wo n't play cd-rw discs anymore
 This could have been a great CD player . The most noticable thing about this CD/MP3 player is the skipping . I have thrown it against a tree and even banged it on the wall with no slight showance of skipping or damage . This is a very sturdy CD player . This CD player also is very small -LRB- though not the smallest in this competition -RRB- . A few problems with it , however , is that the sound quality is not even up to par , the LCD screen is very small -LRB- making it difficult to find which track you want/are on if you are on an MP3CD -RRB- , and just in my opinion , I think it is ugly.Trust me , audiophiles look elsewhere . This is a very dismal sounding player.Fasionists , look elsewhere . You can get an iRIVER with much better looking paintjobs and much better overall looks to them.Overall , I can only recommend this player to people that want music that do a lot of laboring work or are very active people . But then again , would n't you want better searching when you want to play an Mp3 out of the 300 you can have on one CD ? And would n't you also want something smaller if you were that active so it would n't be a pain to drag around ? My point is made .
 The first two weeks I loved my new toy . Great battery life , plays all my burned discs , much cheaper than an iPod , has built in ID3 tagging , intelligent interface , attractive casing . All these things made me love this player . I never even bothered with the useless headphones which came with it , and have been using my Koss PortaPro 's exclusively.Then I dropped it , maybe 3 feet , onto a hard surface.The close button flew off and skittered out of my sight.Picture yourself walking down the street , enjoying the fresh air and listening to your favorite song . Then having your otherwise perfect night interrupted so you can scour the grey sidewalk for a light grey piece of plastic . It is n't fun , without a flashlight.Without this tiny piece , the player will not stay closed . If you 're lucky enough to find it , you can unscrew the unit and figure out how to put it back together . This will void your 1 year warranty . If you 're not lucky , do n't have a small phillips head screwdriver , or do n't want to void your warranty , you 'll have to tape the player shut and deal with a small piece of plastic jiggling around inside of the unit . Not fun , either way.I luckily found the piece and put it back together . However , I 've noticed that a moderate bump to the close button will stop play and shut off the unit . This is more than annoying . The close button almost came off once more , and tonight , in a dark restaraunt , I had to scour the sticky floor for the close button.So , if you never drop electronic equipment , I highly recommend this mp3 player . However , I doubt anyone like that exists . *** UPDATE *** as of last month , the piece holding the cd player closed is missing , and the player is being held together with duct tape . Looks horrid . & the player shuts down randomly . Not worth your time , folks .
 The player looks sharp , sounds great , has a great music title display , and is nice and compact.But it 's fantasically delicate.I was typing on my laptop with the player on my lap when I moved my legs and accidentally dropped the player to the ground . I 'm not that tall ; it only dropped a couple feet -- but that was enough to break it . Its spring to keep the player shot immediately broke , and I had to use tape to keep the player shut.Days later , the player stoped playing CDs.Caput!I regret purchasing this player , and recommend you purchase another one .
 This device went haywire after a few months . When it was working , the volume was too soft for my taste . If you do buy it , definitely keep the receipt ; P
 Last year I bought this item for my daughter . She listens on her bed in her room and does not carry this item around . We were pleased at first . Within a few months the lid ceased to close properly and she had to listen with the unit flipped upside-down to apply pressure to keep the lid closed . A few months later it became temperamental and skipped and/or refused to play . Bottom line is that in less than a year it became unfunctional in a situation with very little jostling . I would not buy this product again . However , at the same time I bought the PANASONIC RP-HS9 Ear Candy Clip-On Stereo Headphones -LRB- Silver -RRB- , and these are a wonderful and comfortable buy . She loves them .
 Although the battery life is truly impressive , DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT FOR LISTENING TO AUDIOBOOKS IN MP3 FORMAT ! - you can not fast-forward or reverse -LRB- that works only for audio CD 's -RRB- , and the bookmark function remembers only the track number , not the position in the track.For short tracks like music , this may be one of the best units out there . For ~ 1 hour tracks like most audiobooks , you will be gravely disappointed .
 We justified the purchase of a new DVD player so that we could play back our JPEG photo disks and also our multi-album ` favorites ' of MP3/WMA music disks , none of which our three year old DVD player can handle.The Panasonic S55S was sent back within three days.I tried out some of my DVD-R disks -LRB- Memorex 4X and ` Pro-Line ' 1X -RRB- along with CD-R disks -LRB- Memorex 48X 80 Min -RRB- and they all worked flawlessly.The reason for the return was two fold ; 1 -RRB- No S-Video output ; Until we upgrade our TV we have only analog or S-Video input available . I used the enclosed analog video cable and got a really lousy picture . Perhaps a better quality analog cable may have improved things , but I did not try one . The picture quality was poor and was especially noticiable on still images such as titles , jpegs or the FBI warning screen.The DVD player had only nickel plated RCA-jack analog and component video outputs , plus right/left channel audio and a digital output . No S-Video output was unacceptable . I thought ALL units had that ! 2 -RRB- Slow and jerky JPEG playback . When a CD with a lot of JPEGS from our five megapixal digital camera was inserted -LRB- average file size around 850k -RRB- , the picture was displayed and the option for slide show became available . Unfortunately , it took several seconds -LRB- probably only about five each , but it seemed like 30 -RRB- for the image to slowly appear on the screen as though it was downloading from an old 14.4 k dial-up internet connection . Combine this slow picture display with a very fuzzy image and the experience was just sad.The unit may have technically met spec 's , but it was not realistically usable and was a big step backwards from connecting our laptop to the TV via S-Video and looking at pictures that way!Amazon took the unit back very easily . Kudos ' to Amazon .
 I 've had the player for 3 months now . There are a few really annoying things about it . First , in order to stop a movie and come back another time to view it where it was stopped , you have to push a button to have it remember where the movie left off . -LRB- The player should do that automatically -RRB- Second , the MP3 playback song navigation is really clunky . There are much better players out for less money . Do n't waste your $ $ $ on this one .
 Overall , it is a good DVD player , with progressive scan and at this price . But I can not play SVCD and DVD+R / RW with it , which are some nice features Panasonic should add on . The set up key is hard to use after the first time set-up . And I often press the wrong buttons on the remote control , they are not in a good design.It is good , but not as good as I expected .
 Ordered this in early December and now they say it may not come until March . However the product page says usually ships in 24 hours . This is truly crazy .
 Ordered this item early December and still waiting for it .
 Panasonic could learn a few things from other manufacturers . Back when most standard DVD players were averaging -LSB- money -RSB- , I bought a -LSB- money -RSB- G.E. unit . Everyone told me I was nuts , and I would be sorry . I have never had trouble with it in 3 years , and it carries some standard features , that I thought , were standard on all DVD players , but Panasonic has convinced me otherwise .1 . If I was too tired to watch a movie until the end , I would stop the movie , and shutdown the unit . When I was ready to resume , I would turn the power on , and it would start EXACTLY where I left off . Panasonic DOES NOT do that . Even if you just hit stop , and leave the power on , it makes you start from the beginning , searching & searching until you finally figure out where you left off .2 . When I paused a movie on the G. E. unit , after 5 mins , the unit would go into a screen saver type mode , and it would go to the unit 's main logo . That logo would would fade in & out , as to not burn any images onto the screen . By simply pressing `` Play '' it began where you left off . If in screen saver mode too long the unit would even power itself down , but simply powering back up at anytime , it resumes playback at the precise point where you left off . The Panasonic unit DOES NOT have this feature , it stays paued as long as you leave it that way , leaving you with possible screen burn.The 1st feature mentioned above is very important , and I think when you 're supposedly upgrading to a finer unit like Panasonic , that a simple feature like that would be standard , but I was wrong.I WILL NEVER buy another Panasonic DVD player again , based on the fact that when I called them about this , they really did n't seem to care what I liked or did not like . All they did was note my account of my complaint . They also told me that they never heard of those features on ANY DVD player on the market ! If that 's true , the Panasonic R & D department needs to leave their offices more than once every 10 years , and maybe ask a question or 2 from users of other units . They might even go one step further , and actually use another unit to maybe see what it can do . In a word `` PANASONIC -LSB- STINKS -RSB- '' Beware !!
 I bought this DVD player after reading the reviews on here . Unfortunately , the DVD player skips DVDs consistently and I am not impressed by it at all.If I had to do again , I would probably get something else . I paid $ 112 for a below-average DVD player .
 Hace had this for a couple of years now . It is ok and does its job . Often goes to the setup screen which is apain to get out of when you want to watch a DVD . Buy if cheap enough but look around as this unit is nothing special .
 I purchased a similar unit , DVD RV27 , at Target for $ 130.00 . After one year , the dreaded & quot ; H07 & quot ; service code appeared . The unit is no longer under warrenty for labor and probably not for parts . By the way , Panasonic will not tell you what H07 means , but basically the main motor is burning out or has burnt out . The part itself is probably only about $ 0.50 or so . I am very disappointed in the quality of the product . I bought it because it was offered at Target . Beware , buyer !
 Features & Great Styling Do n't Translate To The ScreenI bought a Panasonic S55S with high hopes , based on reviews of the models it has just replaced , several of which used the Faroudja FLI2200 deinterlacing chip , without advertising that fact on the outside or tech specs . The RP82 and XP30 in particular had great pictures . Talk is that for the S55S Panasonic shifted to an in house produced deinterlacing chip.The S55S has wonderful styling , a very good remote , and just about every form of setting , adjustment , multiple picture output profile -LRB- Cinema 1 , Cinema 2 , User , Fine , Soft , Normal , etc. -RRB- , picture noise filtering , picture gamma and color adjustment and more informative pop up data bars than you could possibly want . It supports all kinds of other audio and video formats , including high bit rate DVD-audio , but not SACD . It 's very reasonably priced . The LCD display on the front is sharp and easy to read and shows icons for all the various modes the player may be in . Faroudja FLI2200Unfortunately , it also has a basically good but also very flawed picture , that has trouble delivering film like movement without noticeable artifacts and non film like blurring , and which is rather contrasty with plugged up shadows , even with full use of the picture adjustment tools provided.The Denon DVD-910 by comparison has the styling of a brick , a very minimalist , uninformative and hard to read LCD display on the front panel , hard to read labels on the black face plate , a really clunky remote , hardly any adjustments at all , does n't support many of the extended DVD and picture formats available on the S55S , and would appear to be inferior in every regard except one
 Fortunately , this will be my last Panasonic product . I was happy with this DVD player -LRB- I do n't ask for much -RRB- until it stopped reading * any * discs after 6 months . It produced an error on the screen . When I called to find out what the error meant , they said it was `` still under warranty '' and to send it in , which I did.After 4 weeks , they contact me to say that only the parts are covered for a year - labor is only 3 months . So the part is covered , but not the labor to put it in ! They wanted sixty-five bucks to `` fix '' my DVD player , which was apparently under warranty.So , after spending 100 bucks on this unit , it 's in the trash after 6 months . BUYER BEWARE - and pray your unit breaks within 90 days .
 After 15 months of use the player no longer plays DVDs . It simply displays an error `` H02 '' Many others have experienced the same problem and it costs roughly $ 100 to repair .
 Aside from lack of shuffle and the DVD logo pointlessly being on the screen my default when CDs were played -LRB- forcing me to hit `` Audio Only '' quite often -RRB- , this was a great DVD player.However , as has been the case with other customers , my player simply stopped reading all discs -LRB- error code H02 -RRB- after about fifteen months.Too bad Panasonic decided to issue a `` disposable '' product like this !
 The unit does its job and works well for both PC and Mac . However , the build is cheap that it requires delicate handle . Compact Flash insert is rather painful , and I found that I could easily bend the pins . In fact , a little jiggle last time attempting to get the CF slot to work has eventually twist the pins enough to make it stop working .
 The version that I got -LRB- GP-4503-CR-S -RRB- had no installation disk , no documentation , and does not accept SmartMedia cards unless it needs some sort of unnamed adapter . The labeled lights on the front are for `` XD '' , `` SD/MMC '' , `` MS/MSPRO '' , and `` CF/MD '' -LRB- and a light for `` Power '' -RRB- . If your card is n't one of those , you may be out of luck .
 Product worked for about 3 month , then CF portion stopped working . Quick inspection revealed that CF connector was not soldered to PCB . I guess you get what you pay for .
 Buyer beware . Very cheaply made , and does not work properly . USB cable does not fit well in slot and must be constantly jiggled or held in . The pins in the slot for the CF/MicroDrive are placed too high , making it impossible to use that drive . xD card does not fit either.This thing is cheap for a reason . It is very poorly made and I would not buy it .
 We bought this last Xmas and after 6 months it turns on , but no longer reads any CD or DVD.Complete waste of money .
 Used only once and now completely unusable ! Contacted Coby numerous times and kept getting the same scripted response that was not helpful in resolving the problem . Terrible customer service support !
 i got this item for long car trips to the greandparents house & hockey road trips . it skips back to the main menu if touched . also starts playing when standing up but then skips back to start/main menu as well . a waste of $ $ $
 MY GRAND DAUGHTER TURNED IT ON AND SPARKS START COMING OUT SHE WAS SCARED TO DEATH . ASKED FOR A RETURN AND SENT BACK WAITING FOR REFUND .
 Bought this dvd for daughter about 10 months ago . Nice little unit - thought it was durable , but sound stopped after burning smell .
 This product was not what I thought . It is very cheap and the kick-stand is flimsy . It advertises to be great for kids , but my son knocked it over on the kitchen table and now the DVD player 's door will not spring open , it has to be pried open . Also , it will no longer recognize any DVDs . The warranty is only good for 90 days , so I have to throw it out . What a waste of money !
 This was purchased for my 9 year old daughter . Within 10 days , the headphones broke , the door on the player would not shut properly so the CD 's would not play . We had to open and shut the case numerous times to get it to work . When she would pause a movie , it would not play again , we had to start it all over . This would be ideal for traveling since it comes with the plug in car adapter . But it does n't help much when the player does n't work .
 This player broke and drove our child and all of us around the bend trying to fix it .
 I purchased this dvd player just before christmas-One week after using it , I started to have problems . The battery would not charge . I have to turn it on and off several times inorder to get the controls to work . When I called coby , they said I had to ship it back . But I have to pay for shipping , plus enclose a money order for 18.00 for return shipping and proccessing fees . I will never buy a coby product again . Save yourself headaches and dont buy it .
 Product lasted 10 days before the prong inside the player for A/C adapter was crushed or broken off . Now there is no way to charge it and no way to have it repaired . Since it was purchased as a Christmas present a month prior to the holiday . It 's now to late to have it replaced . I have a very unhappy child on my hands .
 I was initially very excited about the advertised features and price of this unit . I got this thinking to replace my old CD changer and DVD player , plus gain MP3 capability for my stereo . WRONG.It plays DVDs fine . If that 's all you need perhaps consider it . But it could n't play MP3s of any kind without frequent skipping , or play CD-Rs that my old -LRB- reeeal old , like probably 10 year old LOL -RRB- player handles fine . Even as a simple CD changer it was slow and clumsy to use and would have been unsatisfactory . I was especially disappointed and surprised at Panasonic ; this was more what I might have expected from a no-name brand.So there ya go , do n't get this unless you only want to play DVDs on it .
 This piece of junk broke down on me within a year . It began stuttering on playback and skipping on perfectly good disks -LRB- that played perfectly in my other players -RRB- . The warranty only covers parts in the first year so I would have had to pay for labor to get it fixed .
 In the first 9 months we had it , it was great . Picture quality is amazing when hooked up to a 50 '' plasma . I really love the multi-disc feature because you can watch a movie that 's on more than one disc without getting up to swap discs out . This is particularly handy when you are watching a TV show.I ca n't speak to audio CD playback ability , I have n't used it.After 9 months of pretty heavy use -LRB- we do n't watch regular TV anymore , almost exclusively DVDs -RRB- it decided that it was n't going to play anymore . It now plays for about 20 minutes and then starts to freeze . There is nothing you can do correct this . Reinsterting the disc does nothing . It 's even hit the point where it will randomly not recognize a disc anymore.It was a great player while it lasted , the operation was intuitive . I only wish it would have lasted longer . I had a carousel CD player at one point that lasted for 6 years of heavy use so you can build a good carousel player.Guess I 'll give Sony another shot .
 I bought this player and the motor died within 10 mos . making it worthless -LRB- new motor is $ 90 -RRB- . This seems to be a common problem with Panasonic DVD players after researching on the internet.Other details of this model : -- Ca n't directly access disks from unit -LRB- no Disk 1 , 2 , etc. buttons -RRB- , only from remote -- Slow and very frustrating disk exchange process -- Picture quality was very good
 Worked fine during the year I had it . no complaints picture good sound good . but you think if you spend around a hundred dollars it would last longer . I had a vcr that lasted over 14 years . I complained to customer service about it and they were just plain rude . I found after reading some of the good reviews that people have n't had the thing for too long . Give them a year or so and they will be writing a bad review .
 Over the past few years Panasonic has been selling DVD players with motors that burn out after about 1 year . My player was an S35 and it lasted nine months . Panasonic has done nothing to address this situation . If you really want the Panasonic , scour the Web before you buy to make sure that there are n't a lot of complaints out there . Then cross you fingers .
 This DVD player did not work well for me . The motor that drives the carousel is very weak and even when it worked it barely moved the tray at all then finally just quit totally.I think if you are going to spend this kind of money - not much , that is - on a DVD player , you should buy a single drive type rather than a spinner . There is just not enough quality in this thing to make it work effectively , its more of a hassle than its worth . Try getting an Apex single player if you are cheap like me and just want something that works .
 I made the mistake to bring this item outside USA and as soon as I got it , I found out that the unit was defective and unable to play any DVD . The Panasonic technician said that the problem was impossible to fix -LRB- `` digital card '' and `` servo '' damaged -RRB- and also , that the warranty was void outside USA . Nobody at Panasonic Customer 's Service was able or willing to help . This useless DVD player at least can play factory CDs but has problems reading some CD-Rs -LRB- distorted audio signal -RRB- . And the CD changer is incredibly noisy every time it changes from one CD to another . Finally , it takes almost 20 seconds to read any CD . Noisy carrousel , slow reading and defective construction . Worst buy ever .
 I bought this DVD player because I thought you can play 5 movies at a time . It does n't ! It only plays one , and the other 4 just sit there in the machine and do nothing . If you want to see five movies at once , you 'll have to buy 5 different DVD players . That 's too many , and you still have to watch them one at a time .
 I ordered two of the Panasonic PV-C1353W 13 '' TV/VCR units , one as a replacement for the other.The first had an approximately 1 `` x5 '' blotch near the left center of the screen wherethe picture seemed to be faded out -LRB- lighter than the surrounding pixels -RRB- . This was very apparent in the blue setup screens and when viewing fleshtones.Amazon rushed another to me within two days , but the second has the exact same defect and I am returning it today.I do n't know if this is a basic defect in the model or if Amazon got hold of two or more bad ones.At any rate I am going to look for a different brand with the same features .
 Amazon.com has subcontracted large product delivery duties to local `` last-mile '' shippers . They were uncooperative with respect to scheduling delivery -LRB- rigid time windows -RRB- and the driver would not place the product where my wife -LRB- who just had a baby by C-section -RRB- asked -LRB- `` we only have to get it through the door , lady -RRB- . Amazon was not responsive to my complaints about the scheduling difficulties and told me I could cancel the order but would have to pay shipping charges . I guess books are a little easier to ship . Next time CIRCUIT CITY OR BEST BUY .
 Give me a break ... . your only gripe was with the delivery service . Lucky it was n't curbside delivery and be thankful they actually brought it in the door . How about letting us know what you think of the product itself . Afterall that is what we really want to know . Lastly , congratulations on your new arrival - we hope wife and baby are doing well and enjoying their new telvision .
 I requested this for Christmas , thinking that it would help with organizing the busy life of working Mom by helping to remember those ` little things ' that my ` pre-menopausal brain ' tends to quickly forget . -- DO N'T BOTHER !!! The recorded message comes out more garbled than a teenager 's language , -LRB- Which , eerily enough , I am beggining to understand ! -RRB- And , as an added bonus , the small flashlight did n't work . The darn thing cost $ 9.99 , and shipping costs -LRB- here and back -RRB- cost close to $ 12 . - ! Do n't buy this !!
 The only good thing I can say about this player is that it looks cool . I get better sound from the AM radio in my car .
 I just used this CD player for the first time last night and I was absolutely appalled at how HORRIBLE the sound on this piece of crap was . If you hate music , or if you do n't know what you are talking about , then this is the CDplayer for you . I played 3 different CDs on this thing and they all sounded terrible -LRB- 1 was Foo Fighters , 1 was Fischerspooner , and one was a CD-R cd that I made -RRB- . In almost every song on all of the CDs the vocals were completely unintelligible so that you could only hear the music -LRB- which was almost entirely trebble - and the `` Bass Boost '' feature on this thing is a joke , it barely did a thing -RRB- . And as for the CD-R disc , I made sure to look for a player that could play these CDs , and yeah , uh , it 'll play them - as in , you press play and it does something , but as far as the sound - it makes all the songs sound like they 're being played through a tank of water -LRB- all gargled and quiet with little electronic screeches and beeps - and I had listened to this particular disc many other times in my stereo and car and it sounded fine until I put it in this crappy thing -RRB- . So if you just want a CD player that looks good on a shelf , this is for you , but other than that , you might as well take $ 60 out of your wallet and throw it in the trash can -LRB- oh and do n't forget shipping -RRB- .
 I purchased this unit off of Amazon.com and discovered only later that it will not work with any DVD players . If connecting your television to a DVD player is important to you , do * not * buy this unit .
 If it you 're lucky , not like me , this product could be a good investment even for long run . The problem is that HP produced too many defective C6180 units , and therefore it can not be considered as a good model . If you 'd like you can take your chances , but fortunately for you HP discontinued it . I wonder why newegg.com had so high rating for it . Next I 'll share my individual experience with the C6180 I currently own , your experience could be quite different.The good : - solid build ; - easy and fast wireless network setup ; - excellent copy and scan ; - black and white , color printing quality is good if the printer can carry on this request until the end -LRB- see the bad below -RRB- The bad : - duplex -LRB- manual -RRB- printing easily losses page count , may scroll more than one page at the same time ; - single-sided printing stops working properly at some point if you requested hundreds pages to print -LRB- starts ejecting blank pages and prints only random pages -RRB- ; - photo printing quality in daylight is sometimes fair and sometimes is bad . Low light photo prints are impossible to accept , very low quality with the lack of the black color , but with the surplus of the reddish color ; - ink is overpriced and consumed quicker than you 'd expect ; - HP Customer Support is useless to call for help , but useful to recommend a newer and better ? model instead ; - extremely noisy ; - the software is a joke . For just their software alone I would not buy this printer.As for me the bad overweighed the good many many times . My recommendation
 HP makes really nice printer hardware . Unfortunately they outsource their software creation and packaging to people who do not know software very well.The printer comes with the wrong drivers on the CD . -LRB- Ok , perhaps a packaging problem , but still bad if you have to google around for finding this out -RRB- The correct Mac OS X drivers are available from HP , but at a whopping 140 + MB . They do not provide drivers only just the whole bundle with a whole lot of crapware bundled in . Ok , so you go through that.Network -LRB- ethernet -RRB- printing works from Mac OS X , but network scanning -LRB- using the built in web server on the printer -RRB- does not . So the multifunction printer you just bought becomes a single function printer . -LRB- fax driver never worked either -RRB- The drivers from HP are so bad , they actually cover up some buttons in the standard mac print dialogs -LRB- like Cancel and half of OK -RRB- The network printer does not get recognized from a Windows XP PC on the same network.If you want a direct USB connected multifunction -LRB- with bad drivers -RRB- this is for you . The network printing / scanning is plain unusable.Sad . I am hoping HP can fix the software issues by getting some competent developers involved .
 This printer seems well built and solid but the software package that comes with it is terrible!The software would n't SCAN properly and reported memory errors at resolutions over 600dpi . The HP software loads each time you boot the computer and runs in the background and causes other unrelated computer functions to S-L-O-W down -LRB- 2.6 Ghz Celeron machine with 768 Meg RAM -RRB- . When shutting the computer down for the night , the HP software would cause it to hang with a message that the HP software was not responding - even during sessions when the HP software was n't used at all.I called HP tech support 3 times and worked with them for hours and hours . HP 's solution is to uninstall and reinstall the software over and over and over again on each machine on the network.I returned the machine after 1 week .
 I 've used this printer for over a month , connected through the wired ethernet port . Overall it is a good printer
 I 'm really surprised that the inks for HP 's new printers are NOT WATER PROOF WHEN DRY . I 've owned HP and Epson printers and never run into this problem before . The new HP inks smear easily after they have dried , even if touched with a damp finger . A small water-drop will ruin a page of text or a photographic print . The fact that moisture causes the inks to smear or run make the printers totally unsuitable for business , school work , and for printing photos . I 'm very disappointed and intend to return my printer if my local store will take it back . I think that the HP advertising for these printers , including the product information provided to Amazon for this site , is deceptive because the literature does n't inform the customer that the inks remain water-soluble and nonpermanent after drying . In fact HP 's advertising highlights how long-lasting photographic prints are because the ink colors resist fading and color change . This is a great printer otherwise , however this ink problem is a fatal flaw . My advise is do n't buy this printer.Here is the text from HP tech support confirming this problem : `` On 12/8/06 9:44 PM > Thank you for contacting HP Total Care . All of the printers now come > with this water bass ink . As far as the documentation for this hp c6180 > do not state that the ink is not water-proof or that it is water-proof . > from what I can see at this time . This is the new ink system or new ink > that we are using in the printers . '' `` On 12/8/06 3:17 PM >> Thank you for contacting HP Total Care.I 'm sorry this is the only ink >> that you can get for your printer . This should resolve the issue . '' `` Thank you for contacting HP Total Care . `` On 12/7/06 8:22 AM >> > Thank you for contacting HP Total Care . >> > The ink is water based . It will smear if moisture touches it . ''
 I have now had 2 different PhotoSmart printers and they are so awful andincompetently designed it is amazing to me that HP has not been sued in aclass action over false advertising . The C6180 says on the box it can do32ppm black and 31ppm color - this is simply A LIE . It would be lucky to getthat many BLANK PAGES through it in a minute . For simple black-and-whitepages of double-spaced text , on the other hand -LRB- I just timed it -RRB- it doesa maximum of THREE AND A HALF PAGES PER MINUTE . PERIOD.Copying likewise , MAXIMUM THREE POINT SEVEN PPM black-and-white double-spaced text . Hang on , blank pages ? I just tried it , copied 5BLANK PAGES in a blazing ONE MINUTE FOURTEEN SECONDS.After hitting the cancel button , you will wait a minimum of 15 seconds for theprinter to be ready for the next job . And every few printings it spends 20-30seconds clicking and whirring first , sometimes without indicating what it ` sdoing , often saying it is in `` Printer Preparation '' . The ink runs out at aridiculous rate and it seems clear that the notion that splitting cartridgesinto 6 saves money is also a lie . If any color cartridge is out , the printerwill not print even a black-and-white job without you going physically tothe printer and hitting the OK button - EVEN IF YOU HAVE PRESSEDTHE `` BLACK '' COPY BUTTON TO START WITH.Want to turn off the printer ? You 'll wait a minimum of 20 seconds for itto shutdown . But that 's nothing to turning it on . Better just leave it onall the time because you will wait a full MINUTE AND FIVE SECONDSfor it to be ready to print.But that 's not all . The printer has a million buttons and menus , but nojob control whatever . There 's no way to bring up a screen saying what ` sin the queue -LRB- if there is one -RRB- or even a description of the current job.The printer very often hangs inexplicably , and its little elaborate uselesscolor screen just says BUSY no matter what button you hit , though nothingis printing . Often when the ink is out , it does not indicate this on thescreen but just stops printing . Perhaps it is waiting for the computer userto acknowledge a dialog , but the screen shows nothing . Often enough youjust have to yank the plug out of the back of it . Also , once every few days , the printer inexplicably loses its wireless connection . It does not indicatethis on the screen anywhere . It just disappears from the wireless network.Have to shutdown , or preferably yank the plug since shutdown takes so long , and power up again , to recover the wireless connection.You thought that was all , did n't you ? But the FAX hardly works either !! Tried to receive a black-and-white low-res fax , waited several minuteswhile it said connecting and receiving , then it just said FAILED . Faxes , um , are not rocket science . I checked the phone connection to the sender ` sfax and there was no static . Unbelievable.My experience with the older photosmart was the same . I am a computer engineerand if I had designed this product line , I would not be able to sleep atnight , I would take my own life . It is strange because my experience withDeskJets has been much better.If you want a printer that barely functions at all , and you want to rewardHP for lying outrageously to customers with PPM almost TEN TIMESSLOWER THAN ADVERTISED , by all means , buy any HP PhotoSmartprinter .
 I 'm an engineering professor . I often scan written work and post as PDF 's . I bought this machine mainly for the sheet feed scanner , and secondarily for the ability to print the occasional small color document.It has been a big disappointment . The color printing is OK , but not great , and the ink has a tendency to smear . The plastic contraptions that hold and feed paper are flimsy . The entire design shouts `` cheap ! '' The accompanying software is mind-boggling overkill . It took nearly an hour to install it all , and it constantly nags for updates and tries to interfere with everything I do . The software for this printer is the single item that takes the longest to initialize whenever I need to reboot the computer.The first time I used the sheet-feed scanner I nearly jumped out of my skin at the noise it made . It sounded like it was grinding itself to bits . People actually came into my office from out in the hallway to see what was making the noise . Turns out it 's not broken - that 's `` normal . '' I could probably live with that , except that the sheet feeder is so unrealiable that I ca n't give it a document and leave it unattended . It almost always feeds multiple sheets stuck together , so I have to rescan one or more pages.I 'm tired of putting up with it ; I 'm getting rid of it and clearing off some desk space . Thankfully my department purchased a color laser printer and network sheet-feed scanner which are located near my office so I do n't need this anymore .
 And no longer works after being used less than once a month for about 2 years . DH to perform Office Space-style destruction in the backyard tomorrow .
 By far the biggest annoyance is the calibration that it goes through at exactly the wrong time - every time . It takes for ever to finish and sounds like its factory inside . The paper feed does not come out very far and the picture paper holder sits right on top and can not move . I have never used the photo paper tray and yet it tells me sometimes that I have to put it down , when it 's never been up and wo n't clear until I give it a good whack or reboot which takes about an hour . I would not recommend this product . Toner cartridges do n't last either .
 We bought this printer about a year ago . Its been working fine for us ; although we do n't use it a lot . There is one major problem I have with this printer
 If you want a printer that will print 1 page per minute , constant lose its wireless connection and scan like a glacier going uphill , then this is the printer for you.I thought HP software was bad using a PC . It might even be worse on a Mac . I have absolutely no troubles with my Mac when it comes to doing anything , however , when I use this AIO or its software , Watch Out ! I have no idea what will fail next . It constantly loses its connection DURING a scan and if by chance that succeeds , the software just grinds the Mac to a halt . This is a brand new 24 inch IMac with processing speed galore and when it uses this `` software '' it is like hitting a brick wall . And , please , do n't ask me about HP Support on this issue as I can not think of a single positive thing to say about a support group that does n't even have the error messages in its knowledge base.I am unfortunately unable to rate it below 1 star as I would to prevent anyone else from making the mistake I did in buying this product that in a previous life could have only been fake doggie doo .
 I bought this hp two years ago because of such a great experience with my older HP all in one . I printed over thirty five thousand pages on the older one and it is still working fine ! In fact it prints sharper better pictures than this new one . This new one is also a total ink hog ! I am saying this from having a lot of experience with printing . About a hundred dollars a month in ink for my old one . I did a lot of printing and was very happy , often surprised at the milage I got ! With this one I do only a fraction of the printing due to different circumstances but am shocked at its ink consumption . It is constantly running out of one color or the other , even when I am doing only black printing . It does have separate ink cartriges that they sell here for about thirteen bucks each . Or you can save a lot of money and buy the package of six for around $ 44 . Trouble is the package also comes with a hundred sheets of 4x6 paper ... which I do n't need . On top of that it never seems to use much of the light pink so now have about ten full canisters of light pink and slightly less of the light blue . I guess I could just throw them in the landfill . If I did want to use them I would have to buy only the cartriges I needed seperately . Way more expensive . The printer also never seems to stop clicking , beeping and grinding away . It almost never shuts up !
 This purchase was the final straw with HP products . The printer installed as a wireless network device and worked ok for about a week after I initially set it up and then started popping up an error `` scan can not be performed because another program or computer is using the networked device '' . Following HP 's support link I uninstalled/re-installed using the most recent driver HP has and made sure there were no conflicting services or apps running to no avail . I can ping it and scan from the web-based browser but the HP Solution Center refuses to communicat with the device . Keep in mind I 'm employed as a network engineer/system admin/Information Assurance Officer for the DoD and have MCSE and CCNA certs among others . I can tell you HP products cause us constant headaches at work . What was I thinking buying one myself?Customers should be able to buy a product and not have to spend hours fighting with it to get it to work . I 'll eventually figure it out and I suspect it might work fine installed as a local printer via USB . But , I really do now want to spend the time fooling with it and the wireless feature was the main reason I bought it . Yes , I know there are workarounds but the damn thing should work without going through all that fuss . Time is money . It would probably be more cost effective to trash it and buy something else . So , I continue to use my Epson 2200 photo printer which has worked flawlessly for 4 years and probably buy an dedicated fax and scanner from another vendor .
 Horrible printer . Printer 's mediocre pictures . It 's cheaper per print to order them from shutterfly , apple , smugmug , whoever , and you get better quality . Plus , mine just died after a 3 months of ownership . The yellow print cartridge error of death . google this before you buy this printer .
 I 've had the HP C6180 for about a year - it had been nothing but trouble . It SUCKS ink and the cartridges are expensive . There are six ink cartridges - if any one of the six are low or empty and really when is n't that the case , you have all kinds of trouble trying to print . It keeps popping up a message that pink is empty , you ca n't just tell it to print in black and go on without getting a pop-up for each page !!! It no longer recognizes my wireless network , so I have to carry the laptop in and plug it in to print . No help from the tech support.Just recently it has started turning itself off - or when it goes to sleep mode , then when I tell it to print , it gives me a message that says `` improper shut down '' , and it starts making all kinds of noises , etc. I came to Amazon to search for its replacement - this is the third HP in 3 years - they are not what they used to be .
 While this unit does everything it says -LRB- except throughput -RRB- , make sure you do n't need to go anywhere for a while . This unit is very slow , probably the slowest printer I 've ever owned , and I 've owned printers now for over 20 years . However , this is my first all-in-one . Also , do n't use this if your spouse is asleep , as its noise will wake her/him up.The Pros are : Its wireless is niceIt prints , copies , scans , and faxesExcept for speed , it seems to do everything it promises on the boxThe Cons : Very slow . The unit is constantly `` preparing '' itself as you hear clicks and whirs and alignment etc , and this may delay the start of your job.The software/firmware is just weird . You can eventually get things to work , but it may take a while from a fairly unintuitive interface.Noisy . All that clicking and whirring is loud and disconcerting.All in all , while it 's working for my light home use , I 'm not very happy with the product . I 'd recommend looking elsewhere , and my next printer will probably not be HP after this experience .
 I originally chose this printer because of the wifi capabilities , and that is the only feature that I am happy with.It 's a piece of crap ! Do n't buy it!The printing operation goes smoothly about 1/10 times . There is always some error that requires troubleshooting.It is an ink cartridge guzzler and costs about -LSB- ... -RSB- to operate.I am very disappointed with this purchase , and am surprised that the reviews here on Amazon are generally positive .
 I have had my Photosmart C6180 for about 18 months . I use a Macbook and operate the printer wirelessly . When I first got the unit , I was astounded at the huge software file that was downloaded for the thing . Later updates further add to the bloatware . My scanner has never worked well . Not sure why . Seems to work when it wants to . I have installed the software 10 times and updated the drivers . Granted , some of this has taken place in the middle of operating system revisions -LRB- I now run Leopard 10.5 -RRB- So ... I do n't quite know who to blame . Downloaded HP driver revisions today from the Apple site -LRB- 90 MB -RRB- and still my scanner doesnt work . When I plug in the USB cable , it works fine , wirelessly ... forget about it . HP offered to upgrade me to a newer model for $ 220 bucks . Think I will try something else . Anybody got any ideas ? Prints pretty good after it goes through alot of gyrations . It is a pretty unit but who needs the headaches ?
 I have read every negative review and I have to say that I have had the same ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE experiences . As I read them , I just get even angrier and had to write a review with the hopes that at least ONE PERSON will read this and perhaps decide against investing their money into this product . Spend a few more dollars for the sake of your sanity.By far the most incompetent group of people I have yet to encounter and I usually do not get too frustrated with this type of situation . It 's the firs time I have ever REALLY YELLED at HP 's socalled `` support '' staff . I 'm very frustrated with this product . I must have had to set up my all-in-one 20 + times due to Vista compatibility issues . Horrible . After only owning the HP for 3 months , my fax is n't working - for no apparent reason . To be perfectly honest , I have had so many other issues occur with this device but I am just too annoyed and tired of dealing with it to even go into detail about it . I hope this helps someone make a better decision than the C6180 .
 When it works , it 's a great printer . Unfortunately , at least with Vista and a wireless connection , the printer constantly goes offline . I have spent over 40 hours in at least 10 phone calls to HP technical support . For the most part , they have been hopeless -LRB- one excellent one , to be fair -RRB- . This weekend , I am writing directly to the President of HP to see if HE has a clue . If not , I 'm goint to demand a refund for two HP Pavilion Notebook high end computers and the printer , which never should have been introduced .
 I purchased this printer in October 2006 , and just after the warranty expired there was a hardware fault . Seems that HP has n't solved the printer ink interface fault that I had seen on other reviews . It is bad enough to have a hardware fault to begin with , but guess what - printer out of warranty , no fix -LRB- unless I pay the price equivalent to another printer , that is -RRB- . This , along with all of the HP hardware issues on servers we have at my place of employment , has strongly encouraged me to look to other manufacturers to provide better quality . I encourage you to do the same.I used to have a Canon printer , and it lasted 8 years -LRB- !! -RRB- , so perhaps Canon spoiled me . Trouble is , I ca n't find a Canon that is networkable , let alone wireless .
 After researching all the models carefully I picked the C6180 for its particular combination of features . After setting it up and running tests for a couple of days , I 'm packing it up and sending it back.An important feature for me is being able to scan multi-page documents from the sheet feeder to a PDF file . I found that the C6180 could do it , but that the documents were noticeably too light and that the bottom part of the page was often cut off . I tried every variation in the software but could n't find a fix . I also never got a preview box to pop up as part of the scanning process.I spoke to HP support , and the person I got was excellent and very knowledgeable . We worked through everything together over the phone , and when she tried the same thing I had been trying she got exactly the same results , finding also as I did that there was simply no way to fix it . We agreed it was clearly just a design flaw in the C6180.It 's too bad , because I basically liked the unit . It 's a nice size , and it connected up to my Airport network easily . It made photocopies that looked better than the originals . But the scanning part is seriously flawed in this particular way , so it wo n't meet my needs.This is why I buy from Amazon -- no problem returning something if it does n't work out right .
 5/10/07
 I 'm kind of surprised this thing is still on the market , given both the typical life cycle of such things and the problems that is has . As other have reported , the software does n't quite work right -- lots of delays , `` busy '' messages when it 's not , adware , etc. . The software installs half a dozen background tasks which frequently hang when the computer is shut down . The wireless network seems to work for printing , but not for scanning , where it hangs , so I 'm forced to use an Ethernet cable.When the printer is first turned on after a couple of days of non-use , it thrashes about for several minutes `` intializing '' -- something to do with the ink . I just hate this -- if you just want to print a quick page , it 's most annoying.Mine broke while under warranty , and it required lots of work to get them to replace it . The print head mechanism broke , which is n't surprising given the initialization thrashing . I also had a problem with them billing my credit card for non-return of the broken one , even though I returned it immediately and had a UPS tracking number ; this took some effort to straighten out.The replacement is still working , knock on wood . Scan and print quality are good . I 've never tried to use the fax . Hewlett-Packard used to be reliable for their quality and customer service ; now they make cheap junk .
 My mother just got this printer a couple of months ago and we 're shopping for a replacement for her already . It jams all the time , wo n't print on card stock , and the scan function will not work locally at all . We can get it to scan by going to the HP web site and using their online software only.I have always had success with HP products . This is a big disappointment .
 I 've had many HP printers , and I have sworn by them . This one is a major disappointment . I 've had it for a while now thinking drivers would be updated and software patched , but they have n't been.The printer has been nothing but problems . First the print quality of the pictures is poor . Everything is washed out . I thought the Vivera ink was better , it 's not , just more money.Second , ca n't get all the features to work , Printing Pictures to the photo tray wo n't work from the PC . I ca n't scan to a folder as it claims you can . Scanning from the device 's internal web page is useless , I ca n't see how to save the scan after you 've done it.Third the software and Printer drivers are very poorly designed . It next to imposible to know if you have the setting correct before you print something , so I have guess and try again . Wasting time , ink , paper , and money.Fourth , Tech Support is worthless also . Their method to fix brakes of a car would be to roll it back up the hill and see if they work now.All in all the printer is n't worth the box it came in .
 Every scan I have tried is full of white specks . I contacted customer service . They sent a replacement and I had the same results . They first claimed defective hardware -LRB- the hp6180 -RRB- and now they just do n't care . I 'm stuck with it . I had a good printer and needed the scanner . Do n't bother getting this one if you plan to scan pictures .
 I have had the HP C6180 for about two months and use it in a combined Mac and PC environment.Overall this printer is a big disappointment . My complaints are as follows :1 -RRB- Printing color is very slow . It is not uncommon to wait for 5 minutes to print a web page .2 -RRB- Photo printing is poor quality , producing dull brownish color . Can not be used .3 -RRB- The scanning feature is the worst I have seen , it seems the photos are covered with large dust particles , despite both the photo and scanning surface is clean . HP seems to belive this is a problems with the software.I note that several reviewers rate this product highly , so I suspect that the quality control is the problem and that all of these problems might not occur if you are lucky . However , in my case I got a real lemon.I would recommend to stay away from this product .
 The 6180 was purchased to replace a previous hp printer that did not have an automatic document feeder . I never had any problems with that printer . This one has had two problems that hp is unable to solve . The first one the printer was shifting a vertical line in the middle of a document left and right of center . It was an IRS form and would not print correctly . After numerous hours online trying to resolve the issue I gave up and printed it on another printer that worked fine . The second issue is it wo n't scan a photo in 600 dpi . The online tech support was unable after 4 attempts to fix the problem . They all wanted me to un-install and then reinstall . I 'll only do that one time . The last online person recommended I call hp since it was a quality issue . Not sure how , but I did anyways . They claim it is a computer resolution issue . I said the last hp would scan photos at 600 dpi without a problem on the same computer . It is not a computer issue . She stated her supervisor said it was . I will try to return the printer tomorrow . On a good note , it prints fine , and the adf worked great at 200 dpi
 The C6180 is an awsome AIO printer/scanner/fax etc , the print results and scan quality are outstanding . I think the prices for the -LRB- 6 -RRB- ink cartridges are fair , in that you only have to replace the color you have run out of ... but it may run you $ 70 + to replace all of them!The HP software has more bugs than a tropical rain forest ... It 's just awful , bloated and certainly not ` Noob ' friendly ... . common errors seen are on start up and close down causing OS to freeze and lock -LRB- Win XP -RRB- . I have installed it on 3 PC 's in my home -LRB- also a lengthy affair - akin to doing a fresh install of Windows ... ! -RRB- and they all behave badly now , so not an isolated case . I ca n't vouch for the friendliness it shares with Apples OSx -LRB- I would guess it may be better going by the number of Apple promo 's bundled within the box ... -RRB- . Summary - GREAT Printer - Software Sucks
 We purchased two units and both of them have serious issues . One of them was replaced three times . The first unit we received would n't initiate the ink cartridges . This seems to be a fairly common issue and has been well documented among these reviews so I wo n't go into that . Both units were set up for wireless although we 've now reconfigured one of them to work locally over a USB cable and it 's still having issues . The main problem we are having with both units is that they are cutting off pages randomly . HP Tech support is based in India and they can barely speak English . They are also poorly trained . They are more interested in asking you survey questions than actually helping you through a technical issue . After several hours -LRB- yes hours ! -RRB- of this I finally hung up on them and called HP 's headquarters in the USA . They were very nice and agreed to replace one of the units again which they did and quickly . Unfortunately , the issues still have n't gone away . These printers seem to have a mind of their own . They will randomly cut off pages whenever they feel like and there is no rhyme or reason to it . Something comes out and the last line or two are missing and then you 'll hit print again without making any changes and it 's fine . We still ca n't figure it out . Printing anything that is not standard size -LRB- 8-1/2 X 11 -RRB- is even more of a nightmare . Unless the printer is told the exact size of the paper , it will not print correctly . Configuring the HP printer driver for a custom size is extremely difficult , especially in Vista . I 've had easier times setting up an IBM Blade Center and configuring a Cisco router . OK , I 'm exaggerating there but not by much . I needed to inject some humor so I do n't start crying thinking about the $ 500 I threw away on these two `` dogs '' . Seriously , the HP driver does go very deep and setting it up for a custom size is not easy . Two of my machines run Vista -LRB- Ultimate and Business -RRB- the other three use XP -LRB- two fully patched with SP 2 and one that 's fully patched without SP2 -RRB- . The XP machines are almost just as bad with the HP C6180 . The software always causes hangs at shutdown because the HP drivers stop responding . Also scanning more than one page usually causes a crash . Vista has specific issues too . For starters , if you shut down the HP C6180 and continue to use the computer the HP driver will crash Windows Host Controller in about 40 minutes and that will cause all kinds of IP problems . Your internet connection will become very slow and you 'll have to reboot . I know this is the printer causing this issue because event viewer reports that the HP driver has stopped working and then Windows Host Controller will crash seconds afterwards . The output quality of the printer is good but with all of these others issues , it 's hard to get any output that is what you expect it to be . I bought these printers to retire my aging HP 960C 's and so I could get rid of my FAX machines and scanners and save some office space . Unfortunately , I ca n't retire any of the other equipment because the HP C6180 is not reliable . I noticed that the C6180 has now been replaced by the C7200 series which looks very similar but now boasts of automatic paper sizing . I 'm very tempted to call HP and ask see if a special trade up can be arranged because the two new C6180 's are of little value to me . I 've been a long time customer of HP but these printers will be my last purchases from them .
 I feel like an idiot . My previous HP all in one malfunctioned so what do I do -- I buy another one - the c6180 . Worked great for about three months and then the software problems began . Would not scan into the PDF File , then became even worse -- would not even scan at all . The fax also would get jammed , and replacing the six cartriges over and over again is very expensive especially when they do n't have much ink in them in the first place . And the annoying thing is when in the middle of a print job it just stops and does it 's weird very noisy adjustment -LRB- for those who own it you know what I mean -RRB- and that wastes time . I contacted HP live help many time -- not helpful at all . So after about 10 months of constant frustration with this dump -- decided I will never buy an HP product again . This time I think I 'm going to buy the Kodak color all in one .
 I think it only fair to balance the comments of others . There is no doubt this could be a fabulous printer . In theory it does everything you could ask , it is compact , it is fast , it is cheap . But in fact it is more trouble than it is worth.I agree that the software is flaky and difficult to install . I had one networked machine where it simply refused to identify the printer -LRB- I think it had something to do with that machine being on a segment of my network fed from a switch but I do n't know why -RRB- . In the end I had to physically move the computer to install and then it was okay . And every time it fails to install you have to go through a painfull clean up routune.Eventually I got the knack and installed the drivers/applications on 3 machines - then the printer stopped working . The black ink would not work . From trawling the internet this seems a common problem . HP could not diagnose the fault . They claimed the printer was out of warranty but I eventually proved it was not , so they sent a new one . This lasted 2 months and then the same thing happened . So I am on my third printer and again the software install is playing up . I have had to role back my OS even as it completely stopped my laptop working . In the past I have even seen rogue processes running that take 100 % of CPU . This is costing me a lot of time to solve . So unless you are very patient and very computer savvy , so are not freaked out by having to mess with the OS , do n't take the risk with this printer .
 The copier has a `` fast '' print option . HOWEVER ... 1 -RRB- you can not default to this `` FAST '' print , and if you can . . it does n't tell you how2 -RRB- You have to choose it before each page you print , even in succession3 -RRB- Even if you do choose , it does n't always work4 -RRB- Seems like there is `` fast '' which is n't so fast . . but better than regular , and `` faster '' you never know what you are going to get.PLUS , continually get error messages like `` INK SYSTEM FAILURE '' or PAPER JAM , almost NEVER can I sit down to print and NOT have a problem.When you autofeed from the top , it copies your papers in REVERSE order , so you have to resort . WHat a waste of time !!! WORTHLESS !!!
 The print quality looked good on documents and photos ... until it stopped printing in black . So I spent hours emailing and chatting with HP support to try to get a fix . Swapped cartridges , cleaned print heads with soft cloth , removed and reinstalled ALL the cartridges , reset the unit -LRB- and my Wi-Fi network password on the unit , very annoying -RRB- by unplugging many , many times . No fixes ! HP offered `` service '' at $ 199.99 or an upsell to a newer model . No thanks.Also , the software is n't a simple printer driver . It 's very large and takes a long time to install . Then , be prepared to be pestered often for online updates . For a printer !
 Purchased an HP C6100 series printer and from the beginning had nothing but problems . First the disk that came with printer was not readable and was tried in 3 different computers . Had to download the software from the internet . Second had difficulty setting up the printer on the wireless network . According to instructions should be able to keep computer firewall on and set up designated sockets for printer . However , unable to get configuration to work so ended up turning off firewall . When scanning using the buttons on the printer received an error message and told to consult instruction manual . There was nothing in instruction manual about error . On HP website found resolution for this error on a different printer model . Therefore the instructions did not apply or work for the C6100 series . I was able to get scan feature to work using the HP software on the computer . However , noticed when I closed the software window and later re-opened to scan received error , `` Another device is currently using the printer '' . We only had 1 of our computers set up to use this printer . Noticed that I had to open windows task manager and close some hp processes that were still running . So when I closed the hp software window then had to go into task manager and close processes still running . This is poor software design . Returned the printer and will not buy HP products in the future .
 If you need somthing cheap and reliable this could be what you are looking for . But for speed , multiple copies this is like watching ice melt in winter . We have one and now have to get rid of it for something that does not take forever to warm up and make copies .
 Will not read memory card on the network with Vista . Scanner on my machine looks really bad . BIG MISTAKE buying this thing . HP support is cue-less .
 I purchased this printer because it was one of the first to get Vista drivers . I wish I would have waited.I have no problem with the printer itself . Its fast , clear , good quality.The software is the worst and they wont update it . I used the printer first wirelessly and then with the ethernet . both were failures , The printer icons would disapear off multiple computers every few days requiring me to reinstall the software . Support wanted me to disable their own printer detection services . Which did n't help.I have 4 computers in my house and I have reinstalled the printer drivers over 40 times in 6 months . Dont buy this if you like doing this.HP support is the worst too.I didnt get help until I figured out the CEOs name and sent him a email directly.BTW Im installing the drivers again while I write this review .
 I am so frustrated by this printer and I 've only had it a couple months . Sometimes it works fine , other times I get an error message . Yesterday I could use the scan feature , today it keeps giving me a message stating that the device is in use by another user -LRB- there are no other users -RRB- even after re-booting twice . It no longer lets me print wirelessly either - that just stopped working out of the blue . Software slows down the computer . It is n't even that fast to print . If you want fast , buy a laser . If you want quality , buy a Canon .
 I have owned this model for a few years . Its great ... EXCEPT for the fact that the software is abominable . It installs a complex myriad of applications and they lock up more often than they run . I tried updating the software and the installation failed . I have given up using it from the PC completely including using it as a printer . I was conintuing to use it for scanning and faxing -LRB- scanning to a USB fob works well . -RRB- Not any more ! Their design is prohibiting me from doing this - they check their ink cartridges for an expiration date and ink level . The device says I need to replace the ink and will NOT allow me to use the fax or scan functions until I do so !!! I ca n't print with it and now I ca n't scan or fax with it.Avoid HP for these products .
 ZERO Stars ... ZERO Worse than a Lexmark.Here is the scam . Expiring Ink ... SIX of them . A whole new way to scam the customer . So it will not print if any of these are expired -LRB- like it is medicine or something dangerous -RRB- . I print plenty , often , lots of colors , but I ca n't seem to drain a cartridge ... just expire them . So am I supposed to check the `` born on date '' at the store when I buy Ink ? Do I dare buy more than one -LRB- to have a spare should I run out -RRB- ? I feel violated by HP , to the point I will never purchase anything they make ever , ever , again . I 've had this printer about a year ... it 's expired from my office.Not only will I never buy another HP product ever , but I would recommend anyone who owns stock in this pathetic penny stealing company to sell it today . Any company who thinks it is good business to have Ink Cartridges that `` expire '' about 1 month after installing them is a company nobody should put any trust or faith in . It is n't like we do n't get the point that a printer is a vending machine for ink , but please do n't steal from us . If you are going to expire ink , then replace it with new for FREE.My tired old Xerox 860DP phaser seems to still work , and the ink is as old ... . old ... . old .
 I almost never write reviews , but in this case I have to say something.I am an electrical engineer . I know technology . But boy , did I ever make a mistake buying this HP printer . Nothing like the reliability of my old HP 2100 LaserJet.This is the worst designed piece of junk I have ever used . Do not buy this printer !! Do not accept it as a gift !! It is S. . L. . O. . W ! It takes many minutes to turn on and configure itself for a simple scan or print job . It is almost laughable , except that it is n't . If a cartridge is low on ink , it is difficult to override to just print in black . Obviously , a machine designed to try to force you to buy more and more expensive ink cartridges . Also , the ink level sensors are touchy , and it will tell you that a cartridge is low or empty when it is n't . Then nothing will print . Until you buy more ink!HP Photosmart C6180 All-in-One Printer , Fax , Scanner , and Copier
 I absolutely LOVE everything about this printer except the ink . Whenever a document gets wet , even just a little bit , the ink bleeds everywhere rendering the machine useless . Even when pages are given time to dry they still bleed . Plus , the ink fades dramatically over time . I have recipes that i have pulled out and they are almost unreadable and only a couple years old . than , of course if something splashes on it , the ink bleeds . I will most likely not buy another HP printer .
 First , if you do n't NEED to do color printouts , do NOT buy an inkjet . They just cost more -LRB- in ink and purchase -RRB- and are slower etc. . Get a b/w Canon LASERJET . These are faster , more economical and cost the same OR LESS.Printer worked fine and we used it sparingly since it constantly `` ran out '' of ink and demanded new cartridges otherwise the printer `` could be damaged '' !!! Then , printing over wireless stopped working . It would go in an infinite reset loop . We got a USB cable and started to use that instead of the wireless feature . Soon after , it stopped booting up at all . No amount of calls and long sessions with HP could help in resurrecting the machine . Reset , take out cartridges , reset again , etc etc ad nauseum . Finally the HP help line offered to SELL me a new printer since my old one was apparently unrepairable without a visit to the HP service center . I politely declined the offer . I wonder if there is any conflict of interest , ie , the help line offers to sell a printer ? On the spot?Now the printer is a brick in my basement . It looks great -- shiny and new -- but doesnt work . I would not recommend HP Inkjet printers of this type . Get a Canon Laserjet like I did . And yes -- there is no REAL reason the thing should stop working in less than 2 years of light use . No matter what the warranty says .
 I honestly wish I had gone for a different brand rather than HPThe pros : - The print quality is very high - I got it to work on a wireless network without much bother - It faxes multiple pages just fineThe cons : - The recommended software is awful - If you want to download the drivers , it 's 160 mb , minimum , which includes lots of bloatware with confusing names designed to make you think you need them . Why ca n't they keep this smaller and give people a smaller option with just the basic drivers ? - The printer seems to randomly disappear from my printers list every few weeks , which means a very lengthy de-install and re-install process -LRB- 2 reboots + goodness knows what registry changes - gee thanks -RRB- - It seems to print a lot of un-necessary pages - fax confirmation -LRB- why do i need a page printed ? there 's no option to stop this -RRB- - scan confirmation -LRB- same -RRB- In short , I 'd recommend anyone to go to the `` download drivers '' website of the OEM before buying a printer , see how many mb of junk they try to foist on people , then decide.I wo n't be buying HP again for the above reasons . Print quality seems to be high across all major manufacturers these days , so I 'm buying on other factors next time .
 This printer has never worked since the day I purchased it . It is impossible to connect via a wireless network and HP support is the worst .
 Although this printer offers a nice feature set , the execution is very poor , especially as it affects the operation of my computer -LRB- dual core Vista PC -RRB- . The drivers and other background software crashes constantly . Every day I see windows dialogs informing me that some part of the HP com drivers has crashed.Forget the WiFi and Network printing features , they dont work half the time . The printer is always getting `` lost '' . I finally just plugged the printer in via USB.There are dozens of other odd and annoying behaviors that would take too long to describe . Clearly , HP outsourced the software development to an incompetent team and then shipped it anyway.In addition , the ink cartridges are very small and cost alot . You can easily spend $ 50 every few weeks . I would recommend buying 3rd party ink which will give you much more ink for your money .
 When working this is an excellent printer ... This is my 2nd HP and 1st the wireless became disabled and now it repeatedly states I need to replace the yellow cartridge . Check the net , many have had this problem . Tech fixes help some but not mine . This printer is junk . No more HP all in ones for me , going to the new Canon ,
 I have had numerous HP AIOs and my last one , a psc2400 was great . It got fried by lightning last summer and I purchased this one in a rush , basically because it had a document feeder and it was an HP . It constantly thrashes around adjusting itself and is very slow to copy and print . I have a wireless connection and have been on the phone with HP tech on 2 occaisions because of what is basically a software problem . The last time they installed a patch that prevents `` sudden uninstall '' of the software , which was only one of my problems . It also would not print to the spooler , which also required new software . I have had printers since 1984 and this is the worst . HP stopped making this machine after a short time , and has another almost identical unit with a differen model number . Stay away from this printer , even though now they are almost free .
 One would think , by looking at this printer , that it would be a pretty decent piece of equipment . Wrong.I was gifted with this printer by a family member who bought it on Amazon a few years ago . She did n't use it very much , so I figured by having `` low miles '' it would be a decent replacement for my other HP -LRB- C3180 -RRB- , which had just stopped working.Well , surprise , surprise - the same thing happened to this one . Worked really great for about two months , then today it would n't power up properly . Once I turned it on , the screen told me `` Please turn off with the switch . Do not use a power strip . '' Screen told me to press the `` OK '' button , which I did , which did absolutely nothing . It would turn off if I pushed and held the power button . But once turned back on , it would go through the same routine.The software is junk , too . Most of what came with the download were programs on how to order HP products.It is now in pieces , to be taken to the recycle tomorrow . After that I 'm going to buy a Brother and I will never , buy anything made by HP .
 There is no question here , I hate this printer . It is rare that when I go to use it , I do n't have to re-install the drivers . Seriously . There is nothing unusual about my setup , Win 7 64 bit , pretty common these days . The device is connected via wireless , and my access point is rock solid . Maybe it 's that the device does n't stay connected wirelessly and a physical connection would solve the problem , but I needed the wireless connectivity . Couple that with the small , expensive ink cartridges and an irritating UI that nags the user about ink cartridges that might be passed the `` recommended use date '' -LRB- even though they work fine -RRB- , and questionable install software that does n't recognize the original CD or its update location . . I 've had it . Ever since the Compaq HP merger , HP has been making poor quality products and this is one of them . I 'm switching to Canon and not looking back .
 This printer worked OK for about three years before descending into a series of ink system problems , power supply issues . I was able to get it going several times by trying oddball fixes on the Net -LRB- take out the yellow ink , unplug ... -RRB- but have finally had enough . Do a search on the model # and problems and see what you get . Do n't even think about this one .
 HP used to have a decent level of support and I have had a multitude of their printers . Ultimately , after expired support options , their attitude essentially , `` buy another one of our crappy printer so you can buy ink forever '' ! The software for this device is pathetic and I have tried every level of support that I can find , it goes offline pretty much at every time the computer hibernates or a laptop lid shuts . The printer has to be deleted and reinstalled repeatedly Can not be that difficult to create a patch but they continue to blame Windows . I believe I will go Epson or pretty much anyone else at this point .
 Like a lot of other reviewers I found that while this printer worked correctly it was fine but now it has run into the dreaded `` Ink Expired '' restart loop and will do nothing . As it is out of warranty HP have no interest in customer support . As I live in France , but the unit was bought in the UK , I can only use UK spec . cartridges so I purchased loads when last in the UK in December 2011 only to come home to this . If I could find another ` current ' HP model that used the 363 cartridges then I would probably still buy it but it would appear that there is n't one . My HP Laser has given sterling service over the years but out of the four HP inkjets that I have owned only the oldest 560 was completely reliable .
 Despite multiple attempts , I 'm unable to get this machine to scan a document to my MacBook Pro computer . I 've gone through the reinstallation of drivers and through the HP troubleshooting process on their web site over and over without any success . I 'm going to sell or give away this piece of junk and purchase a scanner/printer from another company .
 Bought this for the multi-function capability . I did like the way it produced pdf 's directly from the scanner , however had numerous problems with the software.As a printer the quality was fine , it just uses a lot of ink -LRB- if you skimp and try and make the cartridge 's last a long time they `` expire '' and need to be replaced whether they are full or not -RRB- . About a week ago I started getting the message that the ink pump was not working , now it is stuck in a powercycling loop -LRB- tries to start , shuts down , tries to start , shuts down , etc -RRB- . Customer service has been less than helpful to put it nicely.In under a year of very light home use , it is now nothing but a large paperweight that makes printer startup noises over and over if plugged in .
 HP should be ashamed to put out such a piece of garbage . This rattling , shaking , vibrating , raucously loud machine is not even fit as a toy for a 2 year old , never mind as an important addition to any home office . If it only had more blinking lights , this plastic box would entertain more toddlers than Elmo . Meanwhile it will frustrate the heck out of any person looking for a quality all in one . Save your money and buy a Canon or Epson . HP used to make quality goods , no more . Price comes first , quality a far far second . If you want an expensive gag gift as a joke , go ahead and buy it .
 i have never been able to set this printer up to work wirelessly , which is why i purchased it in the first place . i 've spent many saturdays trying to set it up ... i 've been on the phone with hp customer service for hours . it has never worked.i finally resigned myself that it wo n't so i have been using the scanner option only . i decided to try it as a printer again 6 months later & can not b/c it says there is a ink cartridge error . i trouble shot that for awhile , then determined it must be out of ink . so i spent $ 50 on all new ink cartridges only to find the SAME ERROR.so the rundown is ... i 've owned this printer for 4 years & it 's only worked as a scanner , when scanning to an sd card.worthless.i was so convinced that hp was the way to go when researching printers to purchase . i will never buy an hp printer again .
 the ink seems to be ` low ' in one color or another everytime i turn this thing on - and it will not let you print when the ink is low . where are the old school printers that actually work ? i absolutely loathe this printer and would have NEVER bought it .
 This c6180 HP all in one printer has been a problem from day one . The warm-up cycles it goes through is ridiculous . Print quality is mediocre . It shakes and wobbles so much it almost knocks itself off the the stand I have it on . The only reason why I have n't thrown away this piece of junk is because I use it as a fax here and there . Other than that , it was an expensive miscalculated buy on my part . I did n't do my research and ended up buying it . I am absolutely done with the HP brand . In fact , at work we 're looking to buy a laser printer and we are buying a Brother . I told everybody how horrendous this printer was . HP has gone downhill ... never again for me . This printer was my last HP buy , I even refuse to buy HP paper anymore , I 'm that upset that such a so called `` reputable '' brand would have the guts to put out on the market such a piece of junk !!! What fraud !!!
 If it was n't for my boyfriend reminding me that `` we are n't made of money '' I would have hurdled this machine out the window of our 3rd floor apartment several months ago . Shame on us for making an impulse buy without researching our choices.I assumed this printer would do a fine job of handling my basic printing needs -LRB- 95 % black and white documents -RRB- , scanning an occasional receipt or document with the added perk of being `` Photosmart '' in case I ever have the time to dig up my travel photos and print a few out . Unfortunately even on draft setting , this printer is slow as molasses and suddenly loses it 's connection/stops working -LRB- `` printer is offline '' -RRB- or has a printing error with a document stuck in the queue on a regular basis . I 've tried `` troubleshooting '' and scoured the HP support site to no avail , the quickest fix I 've found is to delete and reinstall the printer when these things happen -LRB- and these things happen roughly once to twice a month -RRB- . I have yet to get the scanner to work properly with my computer , so end up scanning documents to a USB stick then transferring to my computer . However this may be due to the fact that I am reluctant to load HP 's much bloated software on my computer -LRB- I just have the basic driver package -RRB- so that is probably my own issue.In addition to these issues , the paper tray on this machine is very awkward to use . With a dedicated 4x6 photo tray , it leaves little room for 8.5 x11 paper and the feeder jams easily . Especially if you attempt printing anything less than 8.5 x11 . But my biggest gripe about this printer is possibly true with many newer printers on the market -LRB- but from what I 've read , especially true with HP -RRB- - if any of the six ink cartridges run out of ink and you do not have a refill readily available , you will not be able to print . Not even to black ink if it is a color cartridge that is out . If you are desperate enough , this forces you to run to the nearest office supply store and buy a refill HP cartridge for $ 15.00 + a pop.I have used a Canon Pixma MP780 printer -LRB- wired -RRB- for many years now and it is a breeze to use in comparison to the HP C6180 - With my Canon , I am able to print using black ink if a color cartridge runs out and I have had no problems using generic ink refills that I buy online for the fraction of the cost of the manufacturer brand ones found online or in stores . I recently needed to buy another wireless printer for my weekend home , and went back to Canon Pixma when making that purchase . This HP printer has been a huge disappointment and turn off to HP products . Unfortunately my boyfriend does n't do nearly as much printing as I do -LRB- working from home a couple days a week -RRB- otherwise he 'd have thrown it out the window himself !
 Great features , but HP ruins what could have been a great printer via horrible software and moronic `` features '' that are supposed to `` protect your printer '' , such as : Printing in color all the time , regardless of settingsThe machine prevents you from using any other ink type other than HPThe machine will not allow you to print , fax , scan , copy if you just one single ink pot is close to empty.This was actually confirmed : Confirmed by a HP Representative , the HP 6180 Uses Yellow Ink to Print in `` Black Only '' , regardless how you set up you printer . This means that even if you print in gray scale , it still uses all the colors to `` enhance '' the black .
 After owning this printer for a year I think the sole reason it was created was to enrich Hewlett-Packard 's coffers . While I * hardly * ever print in color it 's always asking me to replace print cartridges . In addition , every time I want to do anything this printer seems to take forever to get set up . I 'd say about 1 out of 10 times I use it I do n't have to change something , replace something , deal with an error message , etc.Buying this printer was one of the worst purchasing decision I 've ever made .
 Updated May 2007 to reflect new information.Pro : - Scanner , Fax , Printer `` All-in-one '' - Brand name-Good print quality in 6 colors-Mac/PC compatible-Ink is error proofed ... ca n't put the wrong cartridge in the wrong spot-Fast print , photo in about 10 seconds-Slots for many different memory cards -LRB- e.g. Sony Memory Stick -RRB- - Small color display , about 2 '' square for printing from a memory card without a computer , nice-Fax works very well , quick and easy-Scan has good number of options that once you learn the sequence of scanning is pretty good-Photosmart software is decent ... initially I did not want to install it , but I do use it once in a while-Ink seems to last a long time , longer than other printers that I 've ownedCon : - Set up nightmare ! Very specific set up protocol that 's not intuitive -LRB- do n't connect all the cables until you install the software first -RRB- - Inks smear and run in the presence of even a little moisture-Did not come with all the cables needed -LRB- no USB cable !! -RRB- - Was shipped with the wrong setup CDs ... they say series 6100 but the HP rep told me that all units were shipping with mislabeled discs-HP support `` chat '' option initially did not work for Mac users -LRB- issue has been resolved -RRB- . Unfortunately , although chat now works for Mac , the tech in India said they could not help with Mac issues and directed me to the 800 number for that-Non-intuitive steps required when switching from the default setup to print something else . For me , my default is 8.5 '' x 11 '' and I often switch to 3 `` x 5 '' photo paper in the photo tray which was tricky for me at first-2 separate and different install wizards opened at one time . Appears one wizard was a feedback set up , the other the real set up for the device . The feedback tool had to be uninstalled as it caused print software conflicts and other weird issues-Unit is pretty heavy and the serial number is underneath ... guys , next time please put it on the side or under the scanner lid . Sad . I wrote the serial number on the front with a Sharpie and then stuck Scotch tape over it to keep it from smudging so that I can have easy access to it.-Modest paper tray , holds about 75 sheets -LRB- a guesstimate -RRB- , photo tray maybe holds 30 sheets -LRB- also a guesstimate -RRB- - Requires additional equipment -LRB- HP BT450 Bluetooth Wireless Printer Adapter -RRB- to use wireless/Bluetooth printing ... scanning and faxing can not be done via wireless even with the additional hardware that plugs into the front . Will cost about $ 30 more for this.-Scanner sequence is a little odd for me and the many defaults are n't what I want , customizing has been slower than with other -LRB- unrelated -RRB- software that I 've usedNeutral : - Does not jam much , but not the easiest to clear either-Does not have film negative/slide capability , buy a higher-end model if you want this capabilityBottom Line
 My family recently purchased this all-in-one printer to replace our old , also HP all-in-one . We networked it to three computers , which is a great function that comes with the printer , the main desktop , my laptop , and another work laptop . . all within about 10 feet of each other . The first couple of months were great ! Good faxing , good/quick printing , nice little view screen for digital pictures , etc.However , now on midway through my third month , I feel like I have the PRINTER FROM HELL . No joke ! For every ten pages it prints , about nine come up messed up with smeared ink marks and crushed/crumpled pages . It 's godsent when I finally get one properly working ! Also , the scanning function stopped working for some random reason ! I had to scan . . from a website -LRB- on HP support site -RRB- which was a hassle to get onto every time . Also , it always claims that it is `` busy '' doing God knows what.I feel like I have printer with the spirit of a spoiled , whiney girl in it ! Avoid it -LRB- for normal use/networking -RRB- !
 We 've had this all-in-one since about Feb -LRB- 5 months -RRB- . As noted in many reviews the software is a huge and complex processor hog that bogs down start up , operation , and shut down , We are running on a Dell desk top Dimension XPS and an HP Laptop , both with Windows XP and plenty of hard drive and RAM . The startup time tripled with the addition of the all-in-one software . When we shut down the HP software will not respond and delays shutdown . We have the all-in-one networked through wireless , and it suddenly stopped working for scanning although it would still print . HP support through various non-USA locations consumed many of our hours and theirs over several days uninstalling , reinstalling software even though it made no sense that both of our computer 's software would `` corrupt '' at the same time in the same way . Do you have time for this ? Eventually they sent a new disk - no help , then a new printer unit which turned out to be deffective after 2.5 more hours of tech support - then the original unit started to work again & we returned the replacement . If you enjoy meeting people in foriegn countries by phone and trying to understand them , if you enjoy technology that performs erratically and bogs down otherwise well-functioning computers , you will love the HP all-in-one . If you actually just want to print , scan , and fax stuff - get separate machines and stay away from this cluster *** k ! If we could just get a refund and walk away we would , and if we have to spend any more hours on any more problems we will trash it . At this point although it works with my wife 's laptop I have not re-installed it on my desk top because I am so glad to be be free of the shutdown and startup delays !
 I 've owned this unit for about two weeks . It had all the features I wanted , but I am disappointed by several things . 1 -RRB- There is quite a delay between PRINT from the computer and when the job actually starts on the printer , maybe a minute . Mine is setup using the WiFi feature . It 's not a warm-up thing . EVERY print job is delayed . Print 5 things , wait 5 minutes . Unacceptable IMHO . 2 -RRB- My unit has a faint buzzing sound that is rhythmic , `` buzz , buzz , buzz . '' Annoying when I am trying to write or concentrate on something . 3 -RRB- Copy or scan is incredibly noisy , all kinds of clicks , whirs , rollers , etc. . I have to leave the room if I 'm on the phone . Print quality and features are great for the money . But these disadvantages mean a trip back to the store with my return slip .
 I 'm on my third printer now . The first was printing to much ink on the paper leaving smears . The second printer 's fax completely quit working . The third 's fax dials out but wo n't connect to fax machines . Plus the third printer is crumpling paper . The printer software wants to update way to often causing problems with Vista . The is the last HP product I will ever purchase .
 I agree with all of the great things folks have said . However , if you have Vista and Wireless , get ready for numerous long sessions with Tech Support in India . I 'll spare the details , but trust me ... fixing this printer is very , very difficult , even for advanced support.As we speak , I am installing the printer a 4th time , and dreading talking to Tech Support in India . There has to be a better way !
 I will never buy another HP after owning this printer for a few years.It has 5 separate ink cartridges that are virtually guaranteed to either be empty or EXPIRED at any given time!I think I 've printed in color maybe a dozen times since I 've owned it , and the whole machine refuses to function if there is an empty or expired cartridge . It is coupled with the worlds SMALLEST paper tray , so if by some miracle all 5 cartridges are full , and not expired , then guaranteed it 'll be out of paper !! Every single time I have to use it , I contemplate taking it out to pasture and beating it to oblivion with s baseball bat , office space style . When I do , rest assured I WILL NOT BE REPLACING IT WITH ANOTHER HP !!! It 's no wonder they are losing customers left and right . This level of ink sales greed has crossed the line !!!
 Let me make this clear . I have NEVER taken my printer off black and white settings.Despite that , I have had to replace my expensive color ink cartridges multiple times . This printer was designed to drain color ink tanks regardless of whether you use them . It mixes small amounts of color into the black and white printing to drain the tanks.If that was n't unethical enough , here 's the real kicker
 The scanner is pathetic . Quality of scans is much worse than my Epson 2400 . Software is not very well designed . Customer support promises to call you back in two hours and never does . Online support addresses the wrong problem . Printer and copier however are pretty good . Wireless was surprisingly easy to set up . If you want a printer and copier , this is OK . If you want high quality scans , cross this one off of the list .
 I purchased this computer after owning another HP All-in-one printer . I LOVED my old printer but needed to switch after upgrading computers -LRB- the old printer was parallel -RRB- . I am a bookkeeper and print checks daily . However , this printer would print certain checks but not others . The website did n't address the issue , troubleshooting did n't address it ... so I called customer service . They told me that they `` were not experts in printing checks '' and I would need to purchase a plan for tech support . I do n't think so . And not experts in printing checks ? Are you for real ? It 's basic printing ! This printer apparently has some `` high tech '' feature that alerts you when your paper is upside down or not the right size . Therefore , the security features in a check cause the printer to think the check is upside down . You ca n't print a partial page of checks because it tells you the paper is mismatched . I could live with it if there was a way to override it , but you ca n't . If you are into basic printing and photo printing , then this would be a good printer . If you do anything more advanced , stay away from it !
 I had this printer for a month . All the functions except scanning worked fine . Software easy to install . All functions worked either networked or over USB.Unfortunately , scanned pictures were covered with white spots . Looked like white dust spects . Copying the picture worked fine , no white spects . Spend 5 hours with HP support with no resolution . Ultimately , I returned the printer to the seller . Otherwise , I really like the printer and it 's functionality .
 I had numerous problems installing this on both of my Toshiba laptops as a wireless network printer . Never could get it to install at all as a USB printer . That 's the good news . The bad news is , after finally getting the installation to go through as a network printer , it tied up 50 % of my Toshiba processor . It does interface with my wireless router , and it prints , but the software screws up my computer.I uninstalled it and the processor was fine . Reinstalled it and the problem came back . I spent several hours working with HP to no avail . Back to the store with it .
 Well , I must admit the printer is a fast and easy to set up network printer . However , there are some very annoying factors : -- I do n't know how they worked this , but I print mainly black . Nonetheless , the color cartridges are continuously depleting . I go through a new set of cartridges every month . -- When it gets low , it asks you to print ` black only ' , but then you have to walk to your printer -LRB- defeats the wireless purpose -RRB- to hit ` OK ' to print the paper . -- I can not get the scanner to work wirelessly . It states ` out of memeory ' -LRB- I have two gigs of ram , so I do n't think that is the issue -RRB- . Just my two cents .
 I bought this printer for use in my church ... and was it ever one bad bad mistake . Every piece of paper out of it jammed . Nothing came out of it smooth/easy - was a disaster . I did return it - got a total refund and would never again buy this particular model again . I have a HP all in one 2710 I bought about 3 years ago for my own personal use and what a great machine it has been but as is wont in the commercial world , it is no longer made - but this model printer C6180 is for the birds - or better for the trash can . I hesitated even giving it a one star - guess that would be because it was easy to get out of the box .
 I replaced my old Epson printer with the Photosmart because I wanted a fax machine . I have been regretting it ever since . The HP Photosmart C6180 is way too slow -- seems to take twice as long as my old printer . It is also constantly doing something it calls `` Printer Preparation '' which involves making a huge amount of noise . The scanner is slow and strangely complicated to use . I am mystified by the good reviews this printer has gotten . Maybe I got a lemon ? It seems very user UNfriendly to me .
 There are some good qualities -- I can print wirelessly and I 've scanned some photos with good results . The problem is that one can not scan wirelessly or fax wirelessly , which was one of the main reasons why I bought this printer for my home office . I recommend doing a Google search to review the countless complaints similar to the ones I 've outlined here . Very disappointing ... so buyer beware !
 As a piece of hardware , the printer is fairly sound . Unfortunately , this printer frustrates the heck out of me every single time I print . I hate this printer.When printing , papers shoot all over the floor and I ALWAYS have to recollate after printing jobs greater than 2 pages . The software is good as far as making the install and connection to the network very easy ; however , EVERY time you print , the software leaves a new orphaned process -LRB- HPOID.EXE -RRB- running that will eventually crash your computer if you do n't reboot regularly . When a colored ink cartridge is used up -- in the middle of a print job , let 's say -- the printing stops and leaves you with the choices of inserting a new ink cartridge or cancelling and restarting the print with fewer colors . I would have preferred an option to continue printing without yellow .
 I could n't be more disappointed with this product . The software requires about 10 applications which all seem to start when the computer starts up . They run in the background and make the computer run horribly slow.The applications crash or hang when you try to shut down the computer.The printer ca n't even print an envelope . They all come out crooked .
 I wish I had bought something else . Only a tiny space for paper so I am constantly refilling . Also uses A LOT of ink and interrupts constantly to tell you , low on ink , out of ink , want to order ink ? , want to print in black only ? Very disruptive , also noisy .
 This unit replaced my old AIO 7410 , which I LOVED . This one just feels cheap . The construction is cheap , parts are loose , and it feels like a child 's toy , not an office tool . Given the choice , I would not buy another one .
 I 've had several copiers over the years and this one is absolutely the totally worst ever . It 's incredibly slow even doing black and white copies . Often the copies have gray shadows on them.It 's noisy and jumps around on the desktop . The enlargements over 125 % are frequently distorted.I 'd give it a 0 stars rating if that were an option.And yes , I should have returned it , but I was in the middle of a long job that required me to use it very frequently over a period of months . And beyond that , I would have had to ask someone to pack it up and ship it back for me . So I 'm stuck with it.No more HP products for me !
 This printer is horrible and it 's the first HP printer I have ever purchased and will be the last . I have owned it for about 2 years and rarely use it except for sending/receiving faxes and printing photographs . I should have known to pack it up and take it back when it came with a proprietary phone cable of all things . Having used HP in an office environment for the past 20 or so years , I know HP is notorious for proprietary parts but a simple phone cable , be for real . However my main problems are with ink always empty in one tank or another and the replacement cost are outragious . Now it has started telling me that the printer was shut down incorrectly and to use the power button . Because it has the fax function , I never shut it down . I did the reset -LRB- power on while holding the # and 6 key combinations -RRB- and it still keeps displaying the same error . Please , please , please , save your money and buy anything other than an HP printer . I am seriously considering a Kodak and maybe even an Epson although I have had problems with Epsons and dry ink . You have been warned , buy an HP printer at your own peril .
 This thing displays `` printer preparation occurring '' and makes loud noises for a good 5 min after you turn it on . I 'd say the only positive feature is the wireless capabilities , but that 's not even easy to set up or uncommon . Do not buy this product .
 Decent print quality , but the sheet feeder broke after the second time using it , and the software is absolutely awful . The memory leaks every time you print something , the UI could use much improvement , can not colour scan at 600 dpi or above -LRB- although they claim 1200 dpi -RRB- . Read my full review here
 Prior to buying this printer for my 2nd home , I owned an HP Laserjet 4 -LRB- which I bought in 1993 and still works as good as the day I bought it almost 20 years ago -RRB- . The laserjet 4 is a B&W ; laser printer.In comparison , this printer is a total PITA . Print quality is good and it has lots of features , but it only gets two stars because it 's unreliable , slow , noisy , slow , goes through ink like there 's no tomorrow , and well ... did I mention it was slow?When I try to print a page , it has to go through a start cycle that takes at least a minute . It clunks , it spins something , it whirs . Eventually , it 'll start to print . That is , assuming that it 's not low on one of the colored ink cartridges . Then it has to stop and ask you if you want to proceed . I can understand asking you to replace an empty yellow cartridge if there 's actually some yellow in your printout , but come on ... Why do I have to go through this EVERY time that I want to print a B&W ; letter . Also , if try to print with one of the cartridges beyond its expiry date , then it wo n't print at all until you replace it . Even if the cartridge is still half-full of ink . Just writing this makes me mad . I 'm lowering it to one star . That 's all this piece of junk is worth . What good is a printer that wo n't print when you want it to ??
 This printer was dirty and had been sitting around with dry ink cartridges in it . It was packed in a way that allowed foam packing to get into all the openings . The box was partially bent in when I received it , and it was 2 weeks slow in arriving . I still have n't been able to clean the printheads to make all of them work . It was sold as something it is n't and I am extreme unhappy with the merchant that sold it . I would never buy from him again . He also sent the wrong cable to hook up the printer to my computer and the box he sent was full of miscellaneous cables that I did n't need . My rating is based on the condition of this particular printer and NOT on the brand .
 Printing at home is a hassle with every printer . No exception here . It 's nearly impossible to print to this thing with a PC , even if you 're connected by USB . Even from a Mac it 's rare that I can successfully print using wireless . Sometimes it will work , then without changing a thing , next time it no longer works . Pretty much always a frustration . Pretty much always involves steps you should n't have to take . Scan/copy functions are just about as easy as you 'd expect , however . I like that you can plug USB memory right into the front . I like that you can plug memory cards directly into the front . It 's got some nice features , but printing ... still not there .
 I could deal with the slow start-up , the ridiculous noise , and the costly ink cartridges that do n't last long even with minimal use . But I 've HAD IT ! We had a power outage and now the thing does n't work right . I get a repeated `` Improper Shutdown '' message . I 've done a complete reset that clears the error message . But when I re-connect to our wireless network and try to print anything , it comes back again . I 've done this FIVE times now . I could probably use a 20 foot USB cable , but I paid for wireless capability that is now unavailable . For all I know , it will do the same with a cable . I now own a big paperweight . Do n't buy it . You can certainly do better . I 'm junking it .
 I have owned HP all-in-one products for years and years . This ink eater wont even let you finish using the ink in the cartridges ! I take a cartridge out and shake it only to find there is still a noise of a solution -LRB- ink -RRB- left in it BUT the software says you are out of ink , only use HP ink -LRB- very expensive -RRB- and you can not refil because a software setting . If you do n't replace the `` empty '' ink cartridge , then the printer will shut down on you and be rendered inoperable ... The software actually tells you that in a message on your screen . Makes you feel so glad you bought the horrible thing . Purchasing this printer is nothing more that supporting a recurring expensive cost of ink . I HATE MINE and will sell it real cheap but not to anyone I know ... I 'll never buy HP again !!! Jerks !
 This is my first negative post ever ! I did not receive the CD or the fax/telephone line hook-up . I ordered a C7280 and received what I ordered but received a statement inside the box of a C7280 that it was a C6180 . Plus , they would not communicate with me when I tried over and over again in a polite friendly manner as I thought at first it was an employee error , now I know different due to their lack of response . It still sits here in its original box with its contents that were sent to me .
 This printer is terrible . I have had nothing but problems with it . Constant message for paper upside down with plain paper . Bought expensive HP paper and get the same message . Runs through cartridges like there is no tomorrow . Frequent paper jams , misaligned paper with cockeyed printing despite posted on line remedies . Will never buy another HP printer . Have rarely been able to print photos with this-always some problem .
 I turned it on and the first thing that it said was that the ink - the very ink that came with the printer - had expired . So out by the curb this printer goes and I 'm not buying any more printers from HP .
 I received this television as a gift and after only viewing 3 dvds , the player skipped and stalled out , quitting to operate . Very dissatisfied that it happened and that Panasonic only backs up it 's products for 3 mos -LRB- parts for 1 year , labor not -RRB- . It seems that they are producing disposable televisions . Poor experience and not the first with Panasonic . I would not recommend doing business with Panasonic . As long as people continue to put up with poor quality , it will be in the market .
 Recently while I was on a bus trip , I found that if player was not sitting on a completely flat surface , a clicking sound was evident as if the disc was brushing up against the side of the player . This only got worse , and the clicking got louder at all times , until I finally decided to cut my losses and rip the top cover off . I then proceeded to give it an Office Space-like beating , punishing the player for months of torture . I urge you to not consider purchasing such a horrendous item . Hope this helps .
 If you just need the cheapest `` brand name '' player , this one is ok , but the sound quality is not very good , it sounds as if you are listening to the mono recording ; o -RRB- Spend a few bucks more and get something with good sound .
 plz shell out some more money n go for a good one . . the sound quality is no whr close to a sony or other good ones ... i bought it n i m truly pissed !!!!!
 ordered april 4 ... it 's May 15 ... where is it ???
 While they are easy to use and very compact , I 'm not very impressed with these speakers . They are not efficient and are quite wasteful on batteries -LRB- compared to other portables I own -RRB- . I 'm glad I use rechargeable batteries , otherwise this thing would cost a fortune to operate.I will agree that they are very handy as a portable speaker for travel . I have several different docking stations for my MP3 players , but they are not very portable . Just do n't expect much bass response from these tiny speakers . Their tonal quality leaves a lot to be desired , even for a neophyte audiophile.I 've switched to a larger , but still portable , speaker system with true docking capability , and great bass sound.On the upside , they would make a cheap stocking stuffer for kids for Christmas .
 If there were 0 star I would have given it without hesitation . This speaker has the worst sound quality I have ever listened.There are other listings with much cheaper prices , but I selected this one because of the positive comments/feedbacks . Due to its price tag , I did not have much expectation when I bought it . I expected its sound quality to be on par with my cheap earbuds -LRB- which is a a pair of earbuds I bought for less than $ 1 ! -RRB- . When I received it , its performance was even worse than my lowered expectation ! There was sound and that was all I can say . There was no low , there was no high . Everything was muffled . I could not even tell the words out of a song.The build quality is ok . It is in line with a $ 7 toy . It is all plastic , just like any low-price portable speaker on the market . But the sound ... Do NOT waste your money on this speaker .
 should of know by the price and reviews . got it in the mail . cheap . didnt work on the get go and then all of the sudden it did . my god ... the sound coming out of this thing is sad . no really . two stars because i should of known better .
 This is one of the worst products I 've ever bought . Where should I start ? 1 . It sounded good the first day . However , now it makes a terribly loud feedback/clicking noise .2 . One of the most important thing for a portable speaker is its ability to be ... portable . Battery power does not work on mine .3 . It 's also rather poorly designed , and with no instructions , it is a bit hard to figure out.I recommend this to no one .
 For a few bucks I ca n't expect much , but with one speaker working and the other not , this particular product is n't worth the shipping it took to get it here .
 This item is n't what is pictured on the site . Additionally , it says it comes with a computer cable -LRB- which is why I bought this one for a few more bucks -RRB- ... IT DOES N'T HAVE THE CABLE . Their return policy makes YOU pay for shipping even if the item is n't what they have on the website . They have not returned my email request for a solution to their error . If you like to gamble , their items are cheap and sometimes they work . But do n't expect much from the company.You would do better at Big Lots or the Dollar Tree ... you get the same quality but know exactly what you are buying .
 I have no idea if this is a good product or not since I have been unable to get it to work and there were no instructions on using the speaker .
 Do n't buy !! It does not work and it would cost more to send it back than you would get in a refund .
 Straight to the point : - Speakers have any amazingly rediculously cheap price-Good compact designBe warned , however-Sound quality-especially on bass - is abysmalThis style ipod and MP3 speaker has currently become really popular and is sold by tens of different manufacturers on Amazon alone.Simply put , all these speakers are cheap
 I was just looking for something small to provide background noise -LRB- not even tolerable music -RRB- that I could carry to the beach and not be concerned about destroying it . But , this thing did n't even meet my very low expectations . This thing is not work the cost even if the shipping is free . One of the speakers does n't work at all . To get it to turn on , you have to wiggle the switch to just the right spot . The sound quality is awful.The only positive thing is the size .
 I Received this speaker on time and was anxious to hear it because of some of the reviews that I read on Amazon . Out of the box it was not the same speaker pictured on the Amazon web site . Pluged the speaker into my I Touch 4g and the sound was actually good . It played for a few secounds and then died . I would not recomend these speakers
 Mine arrived poorly packaged in a plastic bag . The blister pack for the speakers is not enough to protect them in shipping , so one speaker was knocked loose . The plug had a short in it and I had to keep jiggling it to get it to work . Requested a new one , and it arrived in the same shape as the first , but the on off switch is very loose and wo n't last long . The plastic is very cheap . They sound okay after removing the case screws and re-glueing it to the case , but the screws strip the plastic with a miniscule amount of torque , so I just glued the thing together instead . Do n't expect them to last too long or take ANY abuse .
 They are small , fragile , sound tinny and the first time I tried to use batteries in it I thought I was going to burn the house down . They got so hot that I actually burned my finger removing them from the unit.I sent a note quickly back to the company about it and did not receive any follow up . Very poor experience .
 it does not look like the one on the picture .1 . no brand , no manufacture , no brochure ot anything . should be a OEM thing .2 . quality is very bad materials , connection and esp . the sound .
 Okay , so first of all
 I was going to give these speakers high marks just because they 're speakers , they work , and they 're ridiculously cheap.But for just a few more dollars you could have a nice speaker like theAltec Lansing Music Speakeror for a few more bucks , theAltec Lansing iM-237 Orbit Ultraportable Speaker for MP3 Players -LRB- Silver -RRB- , which I just bought and it sounds phenomenal for such a small battery-powered speaker.Getting back to these , they have a nice little setup , though the audio cable is a bit too short . The speakers fold open for decent stereo separation . But you may find yourself maxing out the volume , as these are n't very loud - then again , you probably would n't be looking at small portal speakers if you needed to fill a room with music.The sounds is very tinny and it sounds like ... well , cheap speakers . They 'll do in a pinch but you 'd be better off spending a few bucks more for something else .
 I recently bought these folding speakers and since i had a pair of these previously , that i bought from target , i thought they were going to be the same . sadly these arent what i was expecting at all . There is no other way to explain this but if you want a good pair of speakers , spend more money.If you want a pair that sound terrible , crackle , and go out in the first week go ahead and buy these . i cant say anything else but you get what you pay for .
 These speakers went in the garbage after several tries with them . All I got was fuzz and feedback . They were only around $ 6 on sale , so you get what you pay for .
 EDIT
 good while they worked -LRB- about 6 months -RRB- , but used lots of batteries and did n't work with the A/C adapter I got to use with it .
 The sound through these is terrible . They 're worse than a bad clock radio with poor FM reception . The only thing that will amaze you is that anything can make your iPod sound so BAD . I spent $ 8.99 -LRB- plus $ 7.46 S&H -RRB- on this product with an Amazon vendor , and ended up tossing it in the garbage almost immediately .
 First of all . . the one that the seller send me ... do n't have any brand , no on the speaker and the box . . the sound was poor . . it sound like chicharra with any EQ ... tested on my samsung GT-S5620 MONTE CRISTO . . and my i pod ... i do n't know if ISTEN sound different . . but the one that the seller send me ... TOTALLY SUCKS ... AFTER THAT YOU BUY THIS . . ASK THE SELLER IF ISTEN ...
 Had this item for 3 days . I went to go listen to music and it sounded as if the music was playing in the distance ! I fumbled around with it for a few minutes turning my iPod up and down along with the device and tried moving the AUX cable around . Nothing changed and then it began to make this annoying buzzing sound ! I know this product is cheap and I guess you get what you pay for . Not worth returning since I will have to pay shipping and handling ! It went into the trash on the third day !!
 Yep , the quality is just as poor as you are afraid it will be . Ipod touch does not fit properly in the dock.Don ' t make my mistake , just go ahead and spring for a player that works .
 Battery life abysmal , for 7 dollars i could have bought something worhwhile from a dollar store . do n't wast your money on this product . does not come with a wall adapter so you are forced to use batteries .
 I used this one my laptop computer but It 's not making much differce of sound quality nor stregth.Save your money !
 This little guy is just cheaply made and broke within a week or two of slight use . I would n't purchase again .
 I bought this hoping I could get a portable speaker set that did n't use batteries . However , I was a little worried by the outer appearance of the box that had different sports ball on it -LRB- like a soccer ball -RRB- . It immediately made me think that they sent the wrong . But after opening , it matched the description of when I bought it . After I tried it , only one of the speakers worked . The other had a scratchy , fuzzy , static-y sound . I do n't know if mine was defective ... but I would suggest you to pay a little more for better quality . Or just purchase ones that use batteries ...
 This is useless . The plug did n't fit my ipod classic , iphone or ipod touch . Plus , the none of the devices fit in the crevice and it 's pretty cheap . Do n't waste your time .
 I did n't even use it that much because it was just ok . Not very loud at all . I ended up selling my old ipod & I gave this as a free gift with it .
 First off , do n't expect to jam to any tunes to this . This is content to play something like Simply Red and a very low volume . Secondly , the cord it comes with is very short . Barely long enough to plug into the headphone jack of your MP3 player . The USB cable is pretty short also . I had to sit the speakers on top of the computer just for it to reach . I will not buy again and I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 yes it hooks up okay , yes it works fine with batteries , but my problem is volume even at full volume i cant hear anything from three feet away and thats just crap to me .
 Well , some of the reviews said this was a great little speaker system , others said it a piece of junk . For 6 bucks and free shipping I figured `` What the heck '' and ordered it . When the first notes of `` Help '' came out of the speakers it was abundantly clear that those in the `` piece of junk '' camp were dead on . Do n't bother with this item . If you have any recommendations for a cheap , small speaker set to hook up to my MP3 player so I can jam in the shower , I 'd love to hear them .
 Complete and utter junk . A waste of the batteries it takes to run it . Worthless .
 I read the reviews and thought to myself if it is a POS then I only lost 5 dollars . I did.The construction of the product is not bad and it is simple to use . The sound however was worse than my blown speakers in my JBL.Sometimes you can hear the vocals to the song sometimes you ca n't . It very spotty . Neat little gadget but not for any sort of good sound.Hope this helps .
 The volume of sound is OK , but the tone quality is n't OK . I kept it because its cheap price .
 This product fits ` you get what you pay for ' . It is a real cheap product with lot of static when attempted to connect to iPhone . Do n't even attempt to connect to Android , it did n't work for me.The sound quality is okay but the loudness is just about one volume higher than the regular volume on iPhone so it did not serve the purpose of speaker at all . This product has 2 stars only for the speedy deliver and customer service otherwise it 's definitely a ' 0 ' star
 YOu get what you pay for . And i guess in this case even less . I just wanted a little extra sound from my ipod , and something that was easy to travel with . This set didnt work with batteries or when i plugged it in . I didnt even care to get a replacement bc you can tell its very cheap , and it wouldnt have mattered .
 These speakers are great !!! ... For about three days . Great sound quality . Battery or USB operation . The USB cable could have been longer than two feet , but as my review is titled , you get what you pay for ... I was surprised to see that this item was originally priced at $ 30 . Definitely a case of marking up to discount . I 've seen them at local drug stores for between $ 5 and $ 10 , but only really had interest in this product while I was searching for a protective case . $ 1.64 ? What could go wrong ? Very little ! Works perfectly with USB power , as long as you can ignore the length of the cord ; I had to move my computer to put the speakers on my desk . Taking four AAA batteries , it lasts for a while -LRB- though I did n't want to burn them out to give an accurate time -RRB- . However , after the third day of operation , it just stopped working . Completely . USB power , battery power , USB AND battery power , hanging it upside down , sacrificing a chicken ... Nothing . Just plain dead.All in all , barely worth the $ 1.64 price tag . Not worth the shipping cost , at all . I would buy this item again as long as they sold me ten at a time for half price with free shipping ... In the future , I 'll be sure to remember that a higher quality and higher priced item may save me money by not having to replace it after three days .
 Worthless junk ! I could barely hear the tinny sounds coming out with volume set at highest level . Do n't waste your five bucks - get a burger instead !
 First off , product you receive is not labeled Insten like the one in the picture , which leads me to believe it is not the same product as pictured . These speakers are worse than horrible . I thought with the cheap price it would be worth trying since the reviews are either good or bad . But do n't waste your time or money .
 I decided to buy this based off the reviews that I read . When I recieved the package I was excited until I opened it up . The speakers are stylish looking , but lack quality in the plastic that they are made up . The foam around the speakers that allow movement is just really bad quality foam . When I plugged in my iPod and turned it on , the speakers blew in less than 10 min of using it.I was n't disappointed because it twas only ten bucks . However , my suggestion is not buy this . The speakers do not dock into the iPod but plug in through the headphone jack . On mine , it distorted if the sound on my iPod was turned up more then 3/4 way and if it was below it was too low to hear.Instead , do yourself a favor and get either some Sonys that cost a little more or spend a lot more and get some good quality speakers .
 Received ths speakers while on holiday and my daughter opened it but failed to keep the packaging , upon returning from vacation , I tried the speakers but they did not work . Now I am stuck with this item that does n't work and ca n't send it back . Not impressed
 I bought this for my daughters fifth birthday . I wish I could tell you how great the games are , but my child dropped it and the door broke off before we could figure it out . I did not -LRB- regrettably ! -RRB- purchase the warranty , and it only survived about six weeks . It looks cute and sturdy , and seemed like a good idea . Now I 'm back to buying the Leapster games . I wish I 'd saved my money .
 Two of the three have already broken , and my kids do n't play rough with them . I returned one and am waiting for it to be returned , and now need to return another for another problem and I ca n't even reach them . The one time I got through to their customer service I was on hold for 20 minutes !
 Bought two of these at the same time . I loved the features , and they work for a short time . Even plays DIVX files , so I can put lots of TV shows , from my TiVO , and copies of legally unprotected DVD 's -LRB- home videos -RRB- on a single DVD.Sadly , the charging equipment is low quality . Both car chargers broke on the first use . Out of the box one of them would not charge the battery . On the 11th use of one of them DVD 's at no longer recognized.If the quality was there , this would be a perfect portable player . There really is n't any competition in the area , so there are no alternatives.I 've owned these for a year .
 I could never get the battery to charge to last more than 10 min . Had to keep it plugged in to watch .
 When I first got this DVD player , it worked intermitly , the power would go off and on , didnt matter if the battery was in , or just pluged into the wall . Its been less than 3 months now , now the power will not stay on , it just flashed on and off , Amazon , and the seller West Coast Mall have both told me , its past the 30 days , too bad soo sad , go to the manufacturer , I called Coby , it will cost me $ 18.00 , and now DVD player for my daughter for 2 monthis , now I get to hear her ask all day long , DVD player , DVD player , over and over again , lucky me , stay away from the Coby brand , and buy electronics from Target , as they have a 90 unliminted return policy , or Best Buy , this mistake will now cost me financaily and frustration from my litte on who cant understand why she doesnt have her DVD player , as we speak my husband has gone to go and purchase the Fisher Price DVD player , to save money we bought this one , but as you can see , it has now cost us double the price !!!
 I bought this item for my son for Christmas . The battery pack charged but never worked - neither did the remote . I 've tried 4 times to reach them using the consumer support number in the instruction manual - have been on hold 20 minutes each time - and then get disconnected - I used the feature to leave my number for a call back and I 'm still waiting for a call 2 weeks later ! I 've tried the email tech support option - will see if they respond to that . Should not be this difficult to reach their consumer support ! And , the product should work as intended as well ! Steer clear !
 I bought this in November of last year . It worked perfectly at first , but three months after , it started skipping . I dropped it at one point , and the lid popped open and the cd went flying . I use the player on my commute on the bus to and from work , which lasts about an hour , and it ate its way through a set of AA 's within two days . It also skips something terrible if held vertically , or bumped hard enough.I had another Panasonic with a 40-second skip protection , and that lasted me four years before it finally gave out . Too bad they do n't make the model anymore , or I would have purchased another instead of this terrible player .
 Sorry but it 's not a true MP3 player if you can not fast forward within tracks . So its not useful when listening to audio books and other spoken word training like learning a language , etc.Every MP3 player I 've used had a least a limited ability to scan in the middle of MP3 tracks . What if you have a 30 minute MP3 ? With this player , if you stop it in the middle of the track , or eject the CD , you have to go all the way to the beginning . So it is very very lame.Sony also handles MP3s badly in that it scans through tracks very very slowly -LRB- tested in the Sony car consoles -RRB- . But at least Sony can scan through tracks . Kenwood is best I 've found so far , but have it only in my car . Wish they made portables.I would go with the Rio MP3 CD player . . because that at least should work better -LRB- am purchasing one today , so I will know for sure if it works better a bit later . . -RRB-
 well since I assume I 'm not the only person who cares about how well the resume feature works on a cd player I 'll start off with that.The resume on this cd player -LSB- is bad -RSB- , it 's terrible . When you resume it resumes from the beginning of the song you were playing . That by itself would n't be such a problem if it were n't for the fact that it wo n't fast forward on mp3s . That 's not the end of it 's resume problems . As another reviewer commented this player reads mp3-cds fast , and it does , the only problem is that it has to re-load everytime you resume , which means everytime you 'll have to wait roughly 20-30 seconds for anything to start playing . I currently have a Sony mp3-cd player and while it takes a ridiculous time to initially read an mp3-cd , after it does it will resume in under 5 seconds.The remote was useless because its ' buttons are as small as on the player.in essence if you never use or care about the resume feature this is the mp3-cd player for you , because of the price and great battery life . However if you are like me and do lots of driving , and stop-n-go cd playing then you 'll want nothing to do with this unit .
 This is the second Panasonic portable CD player I 've had in the past two years . The first one 's headphones became staticky within 6 months , and even new headphones did n't fix the problem ... it was the machine itself . This new CD player was staticky the first time I used it and the remote did n't work at all . You 'd be better off with a different brand .
 I dunno about other people but I like my music loud ... very loud . Now I understand the limitaions of a 3 volt CD player ... but when max volume with a $ 30 pair of headphones is not louder than a lightly raised voice ... crap . Also this thing just felt cheap when I held it in my hand ... the cover would bearly pop up showing they did n't feel the need to even put in a thick enough spring . Volume is about oh ... 50 DB and a vaccum is at least 80 bd . I like hard rock and the only way to listen to it is loud .
 I was surprisingly disappointed with the design and function of this product having long enjoyed a much earlier model of Panasonic CD player -LRB- SL-S260 -RRB- for many years . The Panasonic SL-SX420 model referenced-above has hard-to-use diminutive function buttons ; its round discus-shape is hard to hold onto while walking ; one has to open the lid , remove the CD -LRB- more handling near the laser lens -RRB- just to change out the batteries ; and its maximum volume -LRB- `` 25 '' -RRB- seems artificially low -LRB- must be the tort lawyers input here -RRB- . In general , I 'd take a pass on this model .
 I am incredibly dissapointed with this newest CD player from Panasonic.This discman I feel was a missed opportunity on Panosonic 's case to really make a really excellent CD MP3 Player . This fails in many ways which I feel left me bitterly dissapointed with this device.This discman is really visually anesthetic and really nice looking , one of the redeeming features about this but not to where it 's worth getting . The thing that really made me angry with this CD Player is that the buttons would crush inwards -LRB- Go in and not come back out -RRB- whenever I adjusted the volume and thus prevented me from being able to listen to the music to the full extent.This second one is questionable . The volume does n't even go that high either . If this is due to concern about the hearing damage caused by excessively high volume being taken into account , then I can understand that they did this but the volume on here is very poor and it 's nearly impossible to listen to my music when walking down busy streets or other places where there is a lot of ambient noises -LRB- I.E. Traffic , constuction , or even high wind -RRB- . The worst thing about this is that the battery compartment is located inside , YES INSIDE , the CD compartment and if it breaks which has n't happened with this one but on a previous CD-PLayer I owned , the edges of the broken compartment cover will scratch and really screw up your CDs!A total dissapointment ! Do n't buy this item!Panasonic had a chance to really make a great CD-Player but they totally blew it this time ! Avoid this disc player at all costs .
 works but never gets loud enough , you can turn the volume up full blast and still barely hear it , especially in an airplane
 I BOUGHT THIS CD PLAYER AND BROUGHT IT BACK 2 DAYS LATER . I DONT KNOE WHY PEOPLE GIV IT GOOD RATINGS BECAUSE ITS TRASH . SOUND IS HORRIBLE , BASS IS WRACK , AND AGAIN IS TRASH . I ADVISE PEOPLE NOT TO GET THIS CD PLAYER , GET A REAL MP3 PLAYER .
 The cd player not only feels flimsy and cheap , it is flimsy and cheap . This is coming from a 5 years panasonic owner . The player dropped about a foot off the ground from my coat pocket and the the cover went flying off with some other various pieces . To make matters worse , the cover does ot even close now because the locking mechanism is broken . My old panasonic is not only thinner , but its heavier and feels more solid . Everything else works fine , but the build quality is just awful!My old panasonic is not only thinner , but its heavier and feels more solid . The sl-sx420 , however , is built to break .
 I 've had my unit about six months . The cost is low , and the anti-skip works good . But my biggest complaint is with the volume . Full volume on this unit might be 3/4 volume on other units . I always have mine on full volume , and it 's not what I 'd consider loud . Lately , mine is having problems playing MP-3 's . I 'm not sure if the problem is with my MP-3 's or this unit , but I 'm going to buy a new -LRB- different -RRB- unit .
 I bought this player about 1 week ago and it 's already giving problems . The anti-skip feature is tripping out . What a waste of money ! Further it even stops playing MP3 's ! Did I mention I only had it a week ???? I would n't recommend this product to any of you . I really do n't know how it got on the best seller list.Buy this at your own risk !!
 First of all , this little Panasonic player does everything advertised , and the anti-skip technology is first rate . I had no problems with any of the features or controls , everything worked properly right out of the box.So why the one star rating ? Not loud enough.The volume control has electronic `` steps '' from 1 to 25 . I cranked it to 25 , and found it to be far TOO quiet for my ears.Because I work and live in and environment with lots of ambient noise , I need something that plays as loud as the world around me , if not much louder ! But this Panasonic player just does not have it within.Also , I usually listen to live music once or twice a week -LRB- if not more -RRB- and love listening to recorded music at the same volume levels that I hear it live . The Panasonic does not even come close to delivering that level of sound . Its like listening to a live performance from the lobbey.If you do n't like loud music , this player is a good choice . But if you like to hear the music at the same level you would at a concert or live performance , look elsewhere .
 The only good thing
 I purchased this product , used from a seller through Amazon . It was very bare bones , with some scratches on the finish , not what I expected . Condition was listed as good / very good , and I would only have rated it as fair . Ok , we disagreed . Its hard to know what exactly to expect from an unknown seller , but I assumed the cd player could simply be returned if I was unhappy with his product and made the request . This was not the case , he said it worked and that was that . It did work but i felt there was no consideration for my perspective , the customer!Fortunately , in the end , Amazon listened , and made good on the transaction . I 've made many purchases from Amazon over the years and have been very happy with my experiences overall . Part of that experience includes being able to return products I 'm unhappy with . With this transaction I 've learned to be more cautious with third party sellers . Clearly , in this instance , the philosophy that the customer is not right at all was loud and clear .
 I was delighted with my new Panasonic SL-SX420 CD player when I first received it as a gift . I used it several months to play music while walking before noticing that songs on different CDs began to skip . The skipping got much worse and over time . Upon inspecting the back of the CDs , I discovered that all of them had three circular rings of scratches . These scratches have ruined all of my CD 's , including those from an expensive box set . What an expensive lesson!The CD reader is rough and raised so high that it comes into contact with CDs . On my boom box CD , I noticed that the CD reader is lowered below a smooth oval opening , making the reader impossible to touch unless you poke your finger into the opening .
 hey target , wheres the warranty for this product ?? huh ? i mean if ur gon na give us the good specs on the cd player why not give us the info that we really need like the warranty info , i mean that would be nice in case the cd/mp3 player messes up in some way
 I dunno about other people but I like my music loud ... very loud . Now I understand the limitaions of a 3 volt CD player ... but when max volume with a $ 30 pair of headphones is not louder than a lightly raised voice ... crap . Also this thing just felt cheap when I held it in my hand ... the cover would bearly pop up showing they did n't feel the need to even put in a thick enough spring . Volume is about oh ... 50 DB and a vaccum is at least 80 bd . I like hard rock and the only way to listen to it is loud .
 I 've bought about 10 portable players since the late 90 ` ssometimes Sony being good and other times Panasonic . HoweverI 've always used Sony Car Kits , and when my old one went Idecided to try this Panasonic kit featured here . And I tell yah , No darn good ! I had to crank my cars volume to max to even hearthe music , and also allowed the speakers to hiss . The Way This kit is set up is that the cd player has less Milliwatts powering it , less headphone jack Milliwatt output and to top it off a tape adapter with the head distanced from full contact with the car decks head . All these poor features equal a quite cd player and no ability to crank tunes from your car . I just bought a Sony D-EJ368CK and it sure sounds great . Go for Sony !
 i bought this so i could listen to foreign language instruction while driving to work . my car has only a radio , so i use the portable cd player with headphones . with the volume at maximum , i still ca n't hear the conversations , even with all my windows rolled up.in my wife 's car , which has a cassette player , i used it with the car kit to listen to music on a trip to the velodrome in trexlertown . i had to turn the cassette player 's volume way up to hear pink floyd 's first album ... some loud , raucous stuff which i should be able to hear clearly at regular volume.in summation , do n't buy this unless you plan to use it while reclining in a soundproof room . it 's pretty much useless for any other application . a total waste of my money .
 Look I just got this player yesterday I had High expectations for it but sadly this thing sucks . I got this to replace my ageing Panasonic Shockwave SL-SW860 witch is a Great player I just wanted to update to something that had MP3 support.O.k . There are some good points : FM/AM works Great it picks up stations better than my car RadioMP3s Work great on it except for the pause between songsThe sound Quality is ok Not as good as the SL-sw860You can not make this thing skip same with My old oneCons : So very quiet I want to crank it up when I am on the bus so I cant hear other people talkingIts very cheaply Built and the lid will snap down on you when you try and change a CDBulky very bulkyHeadphones suck Horribly the same ones were packed with my old SWI am going to return this crap it is n't worth the $ 84 maybe $ 49 but that 's the Highest . Ill stick with my old SW till I find a better player .
 Recently returned this stinker to Radio Shack -LRB- hate shopping there -- their prices are the worst -- but I was eager to get my hands on a new player -RRB- . Cons :1 -RRB- Sound quality is lousy , muffled yet tinny , as if there 's too much bass and yet not enough bass -- and turning on the extra bass does n't do much except make it sound a bit more muffled . Sound quality failed to get better after switching headphones -LRB- three different pairs -RRB- .2 -RRB- Headphones that come with this unit are horrible . Sound is mediocre and the hard plastic earpieces become excruciatingly painful after just a couple of songs .2 -RRB- Unit is on the heavy side ; design is clunky and top heavy -LRB- easily slams itself shut if you do n't keep it propped open when changing/inserting CDs.Pros :1 -RRB- For another -LSB- money amount -RSB- you can do what I did and buy a significantly better product with more features -LRB- the Samsung CD Yepp ' - MP3-CD Player -- sleek , sounds great , easy to use -RRB- .
 It works well when it feels like ... You Have to be careful what DVDrs you buy.It only works with the most expensive ones!If you buy TDK or something cheaper it will record for 10seconds and shut the unit off ... Then to get the damn disc out it is hell.It keeps saying recovery and will not let you stop or eject.Another thing it is not consistent.Only 2 \ 3 of the discs it creates will work on other DVd players ??? Go figure.If one works why would n't they all?One more thing if you record in 6hour mode just throw the disc out.My VCD recorder does a better job at MPEG1 no joke .
 This worked well for about 1.5 months . Then it became finicky about the DVDR blanks , sometimes failing to record on them -LRB- not a good thing when you are timer recording and gone -RRB- . Now , no matter what disc , it loads it and refuses to eject . Only an undocumented keystroke can sometimes get the disc out ... and it makes no difference as to the quality.I have had trouble with 4 Panasonic video items ... and all I can say is Never Again !
 I purchased this unit from Circuit City in Feb of 2004.38 days after purchase it quit working . -LRB- I live 60 miles away -RRB- Circuit city will not take it back after 30 days PERIOD.SO , took me OVER two months to get it shipped and returned back to me due to the fact that Panasonic gave me the WRONG shipping address and it went to Texas before getting to PA.Anyway , Now it is back to not recording and not ejecting discs AGAIN.first time it said it could n't read discs . now , it wo n't open or close . `` CLOSE '' stays on the display.Panasonic 's customer support leaves a lot to be desired!I have no problems with circuit city except for they COULD have been more helpful with WHERE to ship this to . All they gave me was the typical 800 munber that is listed ont he web . THey also COULD have shipped it back since it was BARLY out of warranty . Or at LEAST swapped the unit out . Overall , I bet this unit has n't been used more than 10 times in 6 months and will probaly be back in the shop for another TWO months!Never again Panasonic ! NEVER again !
 This recorder was great when it worked right . Unfortunately , that was n't very often . The first unit I got would just shut off for no reason during recording . I returned it and got another . This one stayed on at least , but it ruined a disk for every one it created successfully . I 've had enough of the Panasonic and am going to try another brand.One bit of good news is that Amazon.com 's return mechanisms work wonderfully . So at least that part was n't frustrating .
 While I have gotten some decent mileage out of this product , I must also criticize the lack of volume control on the remote . And just recently , after having owned it for about 2 years , I can suddenly no longer play CD 's . I did n't abuse it , it just died .
 Maybe I 'm old fashioned but it seems that a lot of today 's electronics are made to be disposable . I bought this for my daughter 's 5th birthday as it had both a cd and cassette player . Overall it looked and sounded fine ... for about a week . After that , the cd player just stopped working . I expect things to be a bit better built than this . It is very light , but seems to be built like a lot of today 's stuff . It may be a good product , I would n't know as I promptly returned it for a credit .
 I received this television as a gift and after only viewing 3 dvds , the player skipped and stalled out , quitting to operate . Very dissatisfied that it happened and that Panasonic only backs up it 's products for 3 mos -LRB- parts for 1 year , labor not -RRB- . It seems that they are producing disposable televisions . Poor experience and not the first with Panasonic . I would not recommend doing business with Panasonic . As long as people continue to put up with poor quality , it will be in the market .
 I sure wish I had the fantastic experience other reviewers had with this unit.I wo n't address the features or picture quality . They 're fine.The problem I 've had is it breaks.I got mine in 9/03 . It is residing in my local Authorized Repair facility . For the third time . Here are the details :1 . Firewire input failure . Repaired .2 . Remaining inputs failed . Repaired .3 . It 's 1/19/04 as I write this . The unit has been in the shop since late Dec. '03 with its latest hissy-fit . This time it refused to burn-most of the time-and when it did the disks came out hotter than fresh asphalt and would n't finalize . The repair guys tell me it is taking so long because they can not get the necessary part -LRB- s -RRB- from Panasonic.I 've complained to Panasonic via their website . Twice . They reply with a canned -LRB- read meaningless -RRB- reply within a couple of weeks . They do n't seem to be terribly interested.My advice
 The LCD replacement cover does protect the monitor , but is scratched very easily and needs replacement often at a price which is very expensive .
 I 've gone through 3 of these $ 10.00 pieces of plastic . I 've spent even more time than I care to remember looking for them in parking lots so I did n't have to buy even more of them.If you swing your camera , or perhaps have the camera back catch on a backpack strap or vest strap , off it flies . I know it serves a purpose , but it 's not a well thought out design .
 Unfortunately I can not give a 0 or negative rating , since this is my worst experience ever with an online retailer!Got a defective cover . When I went to contact them , they do NOT provide a number to call -LRB- only e-mail -RRB- . To date they have ignored 30 + e-mails ! The one and only response , simply told me to buy another cover!I would beg you to steer clear of this company , at any cost!Furthermore , the cover is increadibly overpriced ! Save your money ! Buy a better cover with a company who gives a crap ! -LRB- maybe directly from Cowon ? -RRB- Clearly zcover does not have a bit of concern over their customers .
 I purchased this product with my X5L 30GB ; it protects the device very well , however the thinnest part of the cover is on the back were the belt clip is mounted , this resulted in a failure in the rear area regarding the belt clip . This occurred after about 6-8 months of use .
 One week after I purchased this product it started to come apart . It is definitely NOT worth the money . I did not abuse it . I used it as anyone would normally use a mouse pad .
 I had this player for 2 months and it is already giving me problems . The picture quality is terrible . Green lines appear across the screen when a movie is playing . The player was great for the first 2 months . Good luck if you decide to take a chance with this player .
 when i first got the piece of trash it played okay for a few weeks then some cd 's started skipping . now all my cd 's skip even brand new ones.costumer service tells me that i need a lens cleaning it . i got one and it still skips.the thing is a piece of garbage no wonder it got discontinued .
 This player is a piece of junk . It skips while playing CDs , and has been doing so since day 1 . Customer service is terrible as well . I have a $ 225 piece of junk . Do n't buy it .
 Yeah Right , BEWARE ... I got an email stating it will not ship before Jan. 02 , 2005 !!!
 It 's advertised as 210 minutes recording and its the worst playback I have heard -LRB- in LP mode -RRB- . I uploaded the recording to my computer and realized I have just wasted -LSB- my money -RSB- . SP mode is no better . I could not hear the teacher speak on playback and I think it would have worked if I literally put the mic to his face -LRB- sat in front of the class buy the way -RRB- . In HQ mode I have tested and works great but only 33 minutes of recording . Horrible . . . . STAY AWAY !!!
 The `` stop '' button failed after about two months of moderate use ; I took it to the indicated repair place , they took 3 weeks to decide they could n't fix it , gave me an address to ship it to for warranty repair , two months later Panasonic said they could fix it for nearly the price of the unit . I wrote back pointing out that it was under warranty , they did n't respond , just shipped back the broken unit.I 'll never buy from Panasonic again.The device was okay while it worked . Of course the `` LP '' mode is completely unusable , apparently true for most devices of this class -LRB- why do they bother ? -RRB- .
 Panasonic voice recorders have a proprietary software with VM1 files . So if you lose the disc , get a new computer , whatever , and you have the old vm1 files , YOU 'RE OUT OF LUCK ! To read the files anywhere else , you have get conversion software to change it into an MP3 or Wav , but it still requires the original software to do it ! It 's a mess . To buy the software from Panasonic , you have to have the serial number on the device . So if the device broke and you threw it out -LRB- as IU had done -RRB- they would n't sell me the CD with the software to read the old files !
 I was very dissipointed in the recording time versus quality.On the best quality recoding mode the results were dissappointingly poor.I could not get the included software
 I have been through a couple of this model , unfortunately I need the small footprint due to where I put it . But it 's basically a piece of junk . I 've gotten around a year out of each before they go bad , though the buttons on the remote get temperamental well before that . Also , these were recalled a while back due to their occasional propensity to catch on fire / spontaneously combust . But if you can ignore all that it 's a nice small size .
 I was looking to replace my DVD functionality in our home theatre , and saw this as a visable not so expensive product.This product worked 2-3 times , and then it stopped working.The DVD never rotated inside the DVD player as a result of which it complained that there is DVD in there.Dont ever get this piece of garbage although the price tag allures you to get this .
 Stopped working after one week.Spend a little more money and buy a better product .
 I just wanted a cheap little DVD player to put in my daughters room for occassionally viewing Disney and Barbie movies . Unfortunately this lasted only a couple of weeks.When she told me it was n't working this evening I told her to turn it off and then on again . It would n't turn off and would n't stop spinning the disc.I had to move her dresser out and unplug it so it would stop spinning the dvd.I plugged it back in and even though it 's not turned on , a couple of hours later it 's extremely hot.We 'll be trashing this one unfortunately .
 I was n't expecting too much on this purchase as it was very inexpensive . However , I was shocked to find out there is not even 1 basic output .
 More garbage from China that should not be allowed in the USA . It seems that COBY as a company is a waste of time as not a single product they sell has many stars . Anyone who rates a COBY product well probably has only had the item for one month or less . Over 50 % failure rate of all products in 3 months or less !!! Do not only avoid this product but avoid this whole company !!!
 This pint-sized portable DVD player from Coby belies its compact form with a sleek , attractive design , a sharp , crisp image accessible through composite outputs , a full-functioned miniature remote and the ability to read and smoothly play virtually any disc format , including + and - RW DVDs , So why , you may well wonder , have I given this ostensibly marvelous little device a rating of only one star ? The answer is that sadly , it suffers from what is , for anyone with normal hearing , a fatal flaw
 Very fragile . It dropped to pieces the first day I got it . When you play a DVD for a hour or so , the machine `` over-heats '' and the disk stops . Lasted me for 5 or 6 days .
 I like a bargain , I do n't want bells and whistles that cost a bunch , but I do n't want to purchase an item that someone has rightly dubbed - a `` throw away product '' . This item is just that . It is so cheaply made that is is guaranteed to break within the first six-months of use . I know this because my daughter bought this for me for my birthday and it stopped working -LRB- no picture/no disc error message -RRB- within 2-months . I was sucker enough to send the item back at huge expense -LRB- no free returns here , cost me about $ 20 -RRB- and received a replacement after another 6-weeks . The replacement literally blew-up after about one month of use . I turned it on one evening and ` pop ' and a stink and it was gone . Do not buy this product . Let 's save the earth and support quality workmanship not throwaway junk .
 I received the Coby DVD player for my birthday . I was very excited since this was my first DVD player . It died after 3 months . It simply stopped working . It will not turn on ! I contacted Coby customer service and they said they would send me another one for $ 31 . Is n't that just like buying a new one ? I would not recommend this DVD player to anyone .
 After buying this DVD player it worked well for two months . The third month it began to get picky with some DVD which it did n't even recognize giving the message `` no disc detected '' while my other DVD players read them fine . Finally , the 4th month came and it would not recognize any DVD 's . I called Coby customer service and they said my warrenty had expired and I was `` out of luck . '' Not buying another Coby product .
 I bought this item and not even three weeks later it quit working , the power wo n't turn on and it completely quits on you , do n't order it !
 DVD player worked great for about a month . After that it stopped powering up.Don ' t buy !
 It played one DVD before it started to act up . After pulling the power plug and waiting over half hour to watch another DVD , it sortof played another DVD . After that it was torture leading to complete failure . I am going to take it to the range and shoot it . That will be the most fun I get out of it .
 I ordered this player from Fingerhut and unfortunately did n't try to use it until the time to return it had expired . IT HAS NEVER WORKED FOR ME . The Power/Stand By light comes on and stays on and that is all it does . It will not play anything . I tried to call the Coby customer service and you never get through to anyone . From what else I 've read even if you get through they will charge $ 31 to replace the player which is more than the $ 29.99 it sells for new at CVS . Do n't buy it unless you want to be part of the class action lawsuit I 'm contemplating filing against them .
 Broke after a month of light use , would n't power on , and the warranty requires you to pay shipping both ways . Coby is terrible , I will never buy anything from them again .
 does not work with some dvds that are a little old or used a lot by public . It 's a picky dvd player , i mean
 Works OK except for two things - very loud as other reviews have said and this one has broken way sooner than their 90 day warranty . The problem for me is that I do not want a new one ! Will pay for a better brand .
 I have only had this product a few weeks , and so far , it 's only played one of my dvds . It gives me messages of `` invalid disk '' or `` no disk '' for the other dvds I 've tried . These dvds work on other machines in my house . I really wish I would have kept the box so I could return this .
 Update - The second one that was working okay out of the box , died one month later just like the first -LRB- standby light on - will not power-up -RRB- . These units are definitely junk . Both are heading for the garbage can.From May 07 - Bought two at the same time . To begin I was disappointed that the first unit would not play my home-made DVDs , no matter the format . Then after about 4 months with little use it simply refused to power-on . Reading these reviews it sounds as if that 's the end of it.Unpacked the second unit , and voila ! it plays my recorded dvds . I 'm not confident it will last longer than the first , unfortunately . So I would have to say it 's a hit & miss with these units - possibly more likely a miss than a hit .
 I ordered this DVD player so I would n't wear down my Xbox by playing movies on it all the time . I did n't have any of the audio problems that others have reported , however , after about 4-6 weeks of use it just died . I could n't even get it to power on . If you 're looking for a cheap DVD player this will do , just remember , You get what you pay for .
 Bought it . Played a DVD on it for 2 hours and the unit failed . Other DVD players in the house have had no problems at all and have worked non-stop for years.Save yourself time and money . Purchase a quality item instead of this throw-away player .
 where do I even begin to describe what I thought would be an extremely handy little machine ? oh yea , it did n't work!It never worked.I had 3 big issues with this machine . from day ONE , there was a disturbance in the picture that came and went . this disturbance resembled bad tracking on a vhs but I got the player cheap -LRB- $ 10 . -RRB- and tolerated this one flaw.next , this dvd player frequently overheated . the picture seemed to freeze as a result of the heat . I placed the dvd player on a trivet in an effort to improve air flow & kept the top clear of anything and everything . as a result , the dvd froze less frequently but it still froze occasionally . next , the dvd player died.I barely got ANY use from this machine and when it was operational , the preformance was very poor.full size or compact , I 'll never buy anouther coby dvd .
 This is the worst dvd player I own yet . It worked for few days and then stopped working . In fact I had two pieces and both stopped working with in 3 months of purchase . I bought two because I got them free from office depot along with other products.Never buy this product . It is waste of money .
 i purchaced this item for my daughter 's big x-mas gift . she already had a unit that was less in cost but wanted a more powerful unit . i made this purchase ONLY because under TECH INFO it says it has 3 speakers -- 2 L/R and a stand alone SUBWOOFER , WELL IT DOES NOT HAVE A SUBWOOFER !!!!! i beleave this to be false advertizing . i can get no help from any one to resolve thie problem so i intend to take leagel action .
 I am very disappointed with this product . I bought it for the voice recognition feature and software . I find it will only handle voice recognition in HQ mode which only gives 33 minutes of recording time . Nowhere does it tell me this in any of the promotional material or on the package . I had to use it to find this out and finally found a mention of this limitation deep in the software manual . 33 minutes is n't nearly enough recording time . I returned it for a refund .
 This is the absolute worst electronic product that I have ever bought . The remote constantly sends the wrong signal to the system . I will press the root menu button the stop signal is sent , or if I press the next or previous chapter the setup menu comes up . More and more DVDs that I try and play with this system do not register and they work fine with my other DVD systems that I have . There are also lots of programming glitches that prevent proper use of the system . They were lucky that I had already passed the 90 day warranty . It is strange that all these problems started about 100 days into the use of the product . Customer Support just ignored my problems since I was past the warranty .
 i got this item . 3 out 5 speakers did not work . . and coby would just not care and let amazon refund it ... not even a day and this thing would n't work ... dont buy it . . defective .
 this item is really glitchy and has alot of malfunctions . forexample if you use a remote that changes the channel on the television the surround sound will go crazy and will turn up really loud out of no where . its an ok starter item which is why i got it but i have had it for a year now and i am already done with it . two of the five speakers have blown and i can hear that the rest are about to blow also . my advice is to buy a little nicer one . i bought this to play on my xbox because i thought it would be cool if it had surround sound . when i got it only two speakers worked unless i was watching a dvd . I called Coby and they said that it only supports the two front speakers and sub when you are useing it for anything but a dvd or cd . this kinda defeats the purpose of buying it because a regular tv has two front speakers so there isnt really a difference . i made a big mistake of buying this product . take my advice and dont buy it . Dont go Coby go for sony or bose !
 I picked this system up because it was a great price , but never has that old saying that `` cheap things end up being more expensive in the long run '' been more true.I had the same problems with the remote sending the wrong signals , and as soon as I cranked up the volume to room-filling levels , the amplifier blew out and the thing is shot.Trust me , you will be better off spending a few more bucks and getting something decent .
 When I hook up this so call player , all it did was smoke.I Sent it back waiting to see if I get my money back .
 this is the biggest piece of junk i ever bought dont buy nothing worked on it
 These speakers were received as a gift and worked amazing for the first 2 hours , speakers were beautiful , and the dvd player did its job , until the actual dvd player/receiver refused to work at all , lost dvd inside , was forced to unscrew the whole thing . The speakers however are worth it if you already have a receiver and are looking for a decent set of speakers or if you want to try your luck with the dvd player , otherwise go somewhere else for a full system set
 Its hard for me to write a review for an item I never received . I ordered this over a month ago and never got it . I 'm still waiting on my refund of $ 95.88 . I have ordered several items from this site and have always been satisfied until now . I had to rate the item in order to submit this review but please disregard the gold star .
 The heading of this item is a little vague , but the description leads you to believe you 're actually purchasing a tripod as it gives all the specs . etc. of the actual tripod . It even states you 're saving $ 80 + , which leads you to believe it must be a discontinued item . This is NOT the tripod ; it is indeed a handle for a tripod .
 As many other Monster products , this piece is incredibly overpriced . Is it high quality ? Yes . Is a similar item at Monoprice costing over $ 10 less of any noticeably different quality ? Not at all . I do n't work for monoprice , but once I found them , I have never bought another overpriced adapter/cable . All the experts on AV forums seem to agree with me .
 Only supports 1 external monitor -LRB- not 2 -RRB- . And that is VGA not DVI connection . HP 2530 has small screen , so the combination of that plus this limited docking station is a limitation .
 Very cheaply made ... the clip that attachs to your belt is very difficult to get attached to the cover . The wristband is just a short length of velcro that you can buy anywhere . However , the actual MP3 cover fits very well , does n't slip , and allows good access to the buttons and ports .
 I must have a different model from everyone else . The so called screen protector is a clear piece of plastic . It has little paper tabs glued to which said remove before or after application . But the things are glued on so tightly that I still have n't been able to get them off ! I 'm very disappointed . It 's not worth the price , especially since I paid more for shipping than the case itself .
 While I have gotten some decent mileage out of this product , I must also criticize the lack of volume control on the remote . And just recently , after having owned it for about 2 years , I can suddenly no longer play CD 's . I did n't abuse it , it just died .
 Maybe I 'm old fashioned but it seems that a lot of today 's electronics are made to be disposable . I bought this for my daughter 's 5th birthday as it had both a cd and cassette player . Overall it looked and sounded fine ... for about a week . After that , the cd player just stopped working . I expect things to be a bit better built than this . It is very light , but seems to be built like a lot of today 's stuff . It may be a good product , I would n't know as I promptly returned it for a credit .
 This provider offers what is not in inventory or in the state that offers it.This item corresponds to a memory kit Kingston brand and I bought two kits.They sent a single pair of a different brand than the bought and not a new article is used.Was asked to return the kit did not send this provider and never processed the refund with Amazon . For this reason I am denouncing this dishonesty .
 MY MISTAKE FOR ORDERING ECC RAM AND NOT RESEARCHING FURTHER . IFT WAS NOT ADVERTISED AS SERVER RAM . SO I ORDERED IT .
 There is no question why printers are so cheap - it 's ink , they make the money on . Number 36 did 6 prints at best and cost about $ 20.00 .
 This Maxtor 160GB hard drive worked pretty well for about one year . The speed was good and the storage space was a good value for the money . However , the drive started braking down just one month after the warranty expired . Whenever I turned it on , it started to screech extremely loudly . After a while , many of the files became unreadable . If all you need is cheap temporary storage , this hard drive may be a good deal . On the other hand , I suggest you look somewhere else for reliable , long-term file storage .
 It broke with in 1 week but it cost me under $ 2.00 . You get what you pay for .
 First order was the wrong equipment , the second order , the seller reported to be out of stock . I believe that I will purchase future items at stores , so that I can see the product and know what I am getting . This system leaves to much room for fraud , misrepresentation , and dishonisty .
 I love the Tom Tom One , but the instructions stink.You literally have to figure it all out for yourself.PLUS , I paid more for the case than it costs now , because I pre-ordered it before it came out . Amazon recommendation with the Tom Tom .5 stars for the device , one star for the directions that come with it .
 We purchased this because my wife 's TomTom did not come with a home charger . I think we have only used it once . TomTom GPS devices come with a car charger and , being a GPS , that is where you use them . I find no need to have a home charger since you can just plug it into your car . If I had the chance , I would go back and have not purchased this item . Do n't get me wrong , there is nothing wrong with it , it works great . There is just no need for it .
 What Tripp Lite IN3006CG Notebook/Laptop Rapid Recharger for AA & AAA Batteries USB LED is : Tripp Lite IN3006CG Notebook/Laptop Rapid Recharger for AA & AAA Batteries USB LED is a battery recharger that uses the laptop or desktop as a power source to charge rechargeable batteries . The basic idea is to use your PC 's power to charge up your batteries quickly.What Tripp Lite IN3006CG Notebook/Laptop Rapid Recharger for AA & AAA Batteries USB LED does : Tripp Lite IN3006CG Notebook/Laptop Rapid Recharger for AA & AAA Batteries USB LED does absolutely nothing.My beef or complaint with Tripp Lite IN3006CG Notebook/Laptop Rapid Recharger for AA & AAA Batteries USB LED : The Tripp Lite IN3006CG Notebook/Laptop Rapid Recharger for AA & AAA Batteries USB LED sat there with it 's red indicator lights on for DAYS . Nothing got charged . I sent the first one back thinking we had a faulty model . A second model was sent to me , and it did the same thing . What really fried my beans was the fact the thing did not come with directions of any sort.One Amazon.com user put up some directions as he or she figured out to use a model , but that is just really shoddy on behalf of the manufacturer not to enclose directions of any sort in the package.I sent both models of Tripp Lite IN3006CG Notebook/Laptop Rapid Recharger for AA & AAA Batteries USB LED back to Amazon.com for a refund . Good riddance !
 I should have looked at the last guys review had the same proplem they are nice looking strong as hell but only works with monster distrubution blocks the end is to big to be called 4awg !
 I bought this a couple of weeks ago . It is no longer available , but more importantly it does not work with Vista . Customer Support replied to my query simply by acknowledging that it does n't work with Vista and offering a 20 % discount on Spyder3 . At the very least , they should have suggested that I return the product for a refund .
 I 'm in the midst of auditioning LCD panels and the local ISF certified guy wants $ 350 per panel to calibrate them . I like TV and everything , but there 's just no way that I am going to spend $ 350 on TV that I might possibly keep.Still , the store settings on any two panels have two problems . First , they are amped up beyond compare as the TV vendors compete to be `` who 's the brightest '' on the lit showroom floor . Sitting in my living room , they are far far too bright to watch . Second , they display colors totally differently . It 's just hard to compare to 2 sets that are calibrated so differently.Now the TVs that we are looking at cost a pretty penny , and it seemed that a couple of hundred dollars to inform the decision was a good idea , just like the hundred dollars for an HDMI splitter seemed like a good idea . The splitter was a good idea , the Spyder TV Colormeter not so much.I calibrated 2 panels with this product . Two things are true about the calibrations . First , they do not look at all the same . The Sony panel has red shifted flesh tones while the Sharp looks cold and sterile . Second , they look way way worse than before the calibration . After 20 minutes of watching Casino Royale , it was time to revert back to a toned down version of the factory defaults for each.At first I thought that I had not followed the instructions right . Maybe it was not dark enough . Maybe the sensor was not positioned right . Having done the process several times , I can state categorically that while the colorvision Spyder TV may not deliver good results , it is consistent in its delivery of bad results.I simply can not recommend this product .
 Used on Sony Bravia LCD and got same results as factory default settings except for tint which was badly biased to red . Managed to get a better picture using trial and error -LRB- by varying things like backllight and sharpness which are not evaluated by spydertv -RRB- . Tech support is a joke . Do n't waste your money !
 The product has high potential . Unfortunately , tha same can not be said for the company , Colorvision . The hardware would appear to work fine . The software is problematic : -LRB- 1 -RRB- it does NOT work with Vista -LRB- 2 -RRB- it does not load completely with XP Professional -LRB- 3 -RRB- the web site patches do NOT work -LRB- 4 -RRB- the web site is difficult to navigate to -LRB- 5 -RRB- Customer Service is TERRIBLE ! unresponsive , indifferent , and if and when you do get a response it may have no relevance to your problemI returned the product out of frustration
 I have the same problem that Xrayman does.I was wondering if I had a faulty unit since it was an `` opened '' item and slightly discounted in the store where I bought it . I guess I 'm not the only one who has this problem . My TV is a Plasma , for whatever that 's worth . And I too found that the SpyderTV did not set things correctly . Color was much too saturated , and contrast and brightness were not correct . The only thing it did do was correctly choose the color temperature , which I do think is better than what I had it set to , so I 'm now using SpyderTV 's recommended color temp . But I reset everything else back to the settings I had already achieved by eye . I am going to try it out on an old CRT television and see if it works any better on that.My plasma is n't new , and I would recommend that people do not use this product on a new plasma . It requires you to put a bright white square up on your screen for far too long . I had to run through 15 color temperature settings , letting SpyderTV take a reading on each one , while leaving the bright square up . Took at least 7 minutes . That will temporarily burn the square into a new plasma screen . ... and might throw off the remaining measurements that have to be taken .
 At the beginning I thougt it was good , but in time I found outthat the RF communications did not work well . Very often the mouse did not obey a click and other times two click open two folders or windows . Finally I got tired of the problems and I came back to the normal mouse with cord.It was not the problemof fixing the time of the click 's mouse . It simple do not work well . My recomendation to the company is to improve the RF communications .
 Very handy except the buttons are too hard to push . Definitely not the smooth , effortless clicking of the MS or other countless less expensive mice . Thus I am disappointed .
 The first one lasted a couple of months , then the batteries started leaking and it became unusable . I bought another one , it did the same thing after a couple of months and since then it has been working most of the time . Now this one suddenly stopped working too!Note that I used the same duracell batteries that came with it originally.Also note that the second one I bought had a mail in rebate offer which I never received.When it works it 's good , but I certainly do n't recommend it .
 I have broken the rf reciver -LRB- plugs into USB port -RRB- twice ! If you accidently or intentionally put your notebook down at a 45 degree angle and the receiver is plugged into the back ... it 's all over for that receiver . I have since noticed that other companies are putting a hindge on the receiver in order to minimize the problem . Logitech seems to be oblivious of the competition .
 I have had this Logitech mouse for 3 months now and it is almost entirely useless . The batteries become too weak after 3 days and the cursor is jumpy and wo n't move across the screen . I do n't know if the laser has become weak or the transmitter has died . The mouse does not turn off after sitting idle . You have to remember to turn it off everytime you leave your computer . I would strongly recommend another brand if you 're looking for a mouse that will last .
 We bought 5 of this model for our company executives , and all of them stop working well after 4 month.Pedro .
 This Logitech mouse loses the connection every 5-10 minutes . This is my second wireless mouse . My first bluetooth mouse , a Radtech , was good but had very short battery life -LRB- 2-3 days -RRB- . My latest bluetooth wireless mouse , a Belkin , never loses the connection and has been using the same two AA batteries for weeks .
 This is the worst computer mouse i have ever had , i only have it for 1 month , It turns off every 5 minutes , i dont know what is wrong with it but the fact is that it is not working properly.I advice you not to buy it .
 Hmmmm ... though the software loaded seamlessly , I ca n't get the mouse to work ... ! The instructions are simple enough -- perhaps , too simple ... there is no trouble-shooting info so I suppose I 'll be sending the thing back -- bummer ...
 I have a siliver one . It 's very hard to do clicking and bad for people to need to use mouse for long time . After I used it for a day , my back , right arm and right hand figures started hurting .
 the mouse looks very nice , and it is compact , at beginning you do not feel too much , but as time going on it feel heavier and heavier , and you have to try to use some strength to click the button.overall not recommond to buy it .
 I have used Logitech mouse for a long time and I currently own several Logitech mice for three home computers including two laptops . I have to say that I am not a big fan of `` wireless '' mouse made by Logitech-not yet at least . This particular model is heavy with two AA batteries and considerably less accurate than wired mouse . Furthermore , the USB receiver of this mouse is a bit bulky and blocks the adjacent USB port of my Dell laptop . Instead of this model , I strongly recommend Logitech Notebook Optical Mouse Plus -LRB- 931073-0403 -RRB- -- small wired mouse . I am happy with this light and accurate wired mouse with sleek USB connector that never blocks the other USB port . Also , portability is a lot better than the wireless mouse .
 I chose the rating that I have because the mouse came , it was slightly used and worn down but I bought it knowing it was like-new . The order came at a generally regular shipping period but when I opened the package I noticed that there were papers for a wired optical mouse and a bunch of papers in with the mouse , that did n't seem right . It eventually turned out that there was a missing USB adapter for the wireless mouse to even run . I feel that this order was very futile for even being up on Amazon.com . However , the brand name and mouse itself are very quality and I know this as I had purchased one from Amazon in the past . I hope I can get my shipment corrected and I hope that this seller realizes the mouse is useless without the USB . Thank You
 It was rubbish , I bought it from somewhere else and it failed to work for me , I tryed cleaning it but it still did n't work.I sent it back to get a replacement AND I still coulde n't get it to work , I might just have been my P.C but I do n't think that , that was the case .
 I haved tried two of these mouse -LRB- both of them from Amazon -RRB- and both of them died within two weeks , very unreliable . The mouse needs two AA batteries to operate and this makes the mouse twice heavier than normal mouses , Then what 's the point of being a mouse for a notebook ? Companies are now producing mouses that take only one AA or two AAAs , so serioulsy consider those , Do not waste your time and money trying these craps .
 I paid $ 250 for this i pod . After about 6 months the battery went dead slowly and even stopped charging altogether . I could only use it if it were hooked up to a charger . I replaced the battery myself -LRB- it CAN be done , people -RRB- and it worked fine for about a month before it started freezing up . Now my computer does n't recognize it anymore and the clickwheel does n't work . I never once dropped it or got water in it . I ended up giving it to my friend who collects broken i pods for parts and believe me , he 's got A LOT of them . These items are n't worth nearly what they cost . They break often they 're expensive to fix . Why Apple gets away the obvious contempt they have for their customers by selling them over-priced faulty equipment is beyond me .
 The Mini Ipod , like many other mp3 players at this price range , produces great sound . What I do n't like about this mp3 player is the Itune software and its un-portability of music.The Itune software can only be used by the user who did the installation of this software at the beginning . That means if your home PC has several accounts and your son happened to the the one who installed this software for his Mini Ipod , you can not log on your PC with your user name and password and use this software for your own Mini Ipod.Unlike other MP3 players , the Mini Ipod does not allow you to copy any of the songs out of its memory . After all of the songs are copied into the Mini Ipod , and you accidently deleted those songs from you computer , you can not get them back by copying them from the Mini Ipod . Had I known of this problem , I would have bought other mp3 players that serves as a removeable hard drive . These players does not require addtional software application by a USB cable.My reccomdendation is that unless you want to follow the fashion trend , do not buy this product . Look for other mp3 players that can be used as removeable drive . They will give you more flexibility and the ease of use .
 I never receive the product that I order nor did the company fail to inform me that they were out of this item . I had to call the company because they charge my credit card and I had to track down the company by email which they never responded . When I got intouch with the company they shipped me out a different color and it was scratch up and the ear pluges was used and the ipod was loaded with music .
 I have gotten this mini twice now . And both times , I had to return it because it only lasts for up to 2 hours . For an item that supposed to last to 18 hours , I feel I was cheated when it only lasted for 2 . I returned this to Amazon and bought from Apple directly . I still have the same problem . Only 2 hours . If I did n't like the design of the mini so much , I would just get rid of it altogether .
 The Ipod Mini has several problems.First , when you lose power completely , you ca n't charge it by connecting it to your USB 2.0 port through your computer . The USB 2.0 ca n't power a completely dead IPOD MINI , but it can charge up a low battery one.Second , when you lose power completely , the Ipod Mini does n't remember its settings . So if you turned off the annoying clicking sound , it will come back because the click is apart of the `` default '' settings.Third , the scroll wheel is not as sturdy as the 20gb or 60 gb models .
 Shame !!! I so wanted to join the pack !! I wanted to be seen with the white earphones and I wanted to join the conversations about playlists and Itunes.Had problems with software , changing volume while also changing tracks and my biggest problem was not being able to share my music.What happens if my computer 's stolen ? That 's okay . . my hundreds of dollars worth of music is stored on my IPOD.Forget it . . and you can forget the music too.Sorry Apple . . I took it back to Goodguys and got an Sandisk instead .
 the ipod mini can only be charged by plugging it into the usb port of a computer . this takes 4 hours . this means the computer must be on all that time and without a computer , the ipod mini can not be charged . so how to travel ? I feel this is big terrible mistake of apple not to supply a better way of charging the battery , which only lasts 6 hours not 12 as they advertise . Also , the controls do n't really work that smoothy especially the volume control . I do not recommend to buy this product until apple rectifies this problem
 I had my ipod mini for about 1 year before it crashed and I had to get it fixed for 50 dollars . Not a big deal . But then a few months later it crashed again and this time I decided that it would be better to get a ipod nano instead of paying 50 dollars every month it crashes . I never dropped it and I never got water on it but it still broke .
 i hate my ipod mini . it is the lik lik worst ipod evr ! i lik got soooo sad when mine broke . i broke it from dropping it in water ! how lik dumb is that ! worst ipod ever in the world . i lik hate it !
 I do n't like iPod 's . I think that they 're a total rip off . You buy an iPod for like $ 200.00 , then you have to buy your charger , then you have to buy your headphones . Plus you have to pay for the songs you download on it . Thats what blew me away . I think that since you payed about $ 300.00 for your iPod , they should atleast give you the songs for free . I would advise everyone to stay away from them if they want to save money ...
 last time I checked you could get an ipod for $ 180 . i last checked about 2 weeks ago and i thought it was a rip off then . this is outrageous , apple makes their ipods for $ 30 and amazon is selling them for $ 200 . they 're earning more money than they need , yet people still keep buying them . Sure it 's great with all the songs , games and features but , it 's not worth the money your paying for it . IT 'S A RIP OFF .
 I am dismayed after buying this from amazon . They have promised ear bud headphones but have provided the dated common headphones .
 My uncle has one of these , and it has LITERALLY a million scratched . The screen looks primitive and unlike the usually technologically up-to-date stuff that Apple makes.The screen does n't light up , and the Hold button get stuck.He almost bought me a mini , as a gift , but surprised me with a nano , and I 'm glad he did . The mini is a defective little gadget with many flaws . -LRB- I 'd rather have a shuffle with no screen . -RRB-
 Tought that I would be writing a bad review on an iPod ... as you can see from the 1 star this is another one of those `` hate iPod '' review ... like I said before I never tought I would be writing this ... cuz I wanted an iPod mini so much ! And oh how much I enjoyed the first 2 weeks I had with it , only 2 weeks because that was the time it took to break ... The screen simply broke in two , I never crashed it into anything ... I took care of that thing like it was the most important thing of my life , and oddly it was !! I even washed my hands before using it not to make the click-wheel dirty ... and the thing just crashes ... it works fine but with a crashed screen ... and for the price I paid I would expect it to last a little longer that what it did ... now the tech support wo n't change it since they think that I dropped it ... and like that was n't enough they returned it to me with a problem on the click-wheel !!! When I click on the menu it stucks some time ... I went from iPod lover to wanting to smash my iPod mini into pieces in no time ... and it makes me feel good that I 'll never spent not even a dime on another apple product ... specially in an iPod ... and hopefully you 'll listen to me and wo n't buy this crap ... but then again I do n't think you will cuz when I used to love , I never paid attention to reviews like these ... but when your iPod breaks , wich it will , since it 's crap ... just read this
 When I first got my ipod mini , I had it for about 3 months until the click wheel stopped working . I sent it in to Apple and they sent me a new one in about a week or so . I had been using that one for about 4 months when the battery stopped working properly . I hooked it up to my computer to try to `` restore '' it , but that only made the problem worse . Now it was completely frozen . I was going to send it back in to apple until I realized that after 90 days you have to pay a shipping and handling fee to get service , which did n't make sense to me . Luckily , I bought the product from Best Buy and bought a 2 year replacement plan , so I send the ipod in and got a voucher , went to Best Buy and bought a Nomad Jukebox Zen Xtra . The ipod is n't all it 's cracked up to be . It 's cute and stylish and itunes is a very simple , well organized program for arranging your music , but other than that , it 's not all that great . It breaks down very , very , easily . And if you 're like me and like to listen to your music just about every day , your battery is going to be done before you know it . And once the battery 's done you either pay a whole bunch of money for a new one or buy a new ipod . And neither of those options make sense . If you have a lot of money that you do n't mind losing then definetly buy this product , but if you do n't then do some research on all the other mp3 players before shelling out money for the ipod just because it 's `` in '' right now .
 It became a useless piece of junk after a month of usage . I tried replacing the batteries . THe LED at the base lights but it doesnt work . This mouse SUCKS . DONT BUY IT AT ANY COST
 I 'm quite curious where in the manufacturer 's website I can find the updated XP drivers , as the previous reviewer has pointed out . After struggling for 2 hours to get this device to work with both a Motorola V505 and my friend 's Sony Ericson Twhateveritis , I nearly wanted to break it . After installing the drivers that came on the CD , the thing is able to recognize both Bluetooth devices , but that 's pretty much where it ends . I could not get any data transfer or further communication . I went to the manufacturer 's website and there are no drivers to be downloaded . If there 's a way around this , please post it . Otherwise it 's going to be another lesson relearned
 Wow , was I surprised to find that I had been duped ! The picture on Amazon shows the AmbiCom BT2000C-USB bluetooth adapter I was looking for ; but I was shipped a generic no-name `` Made in China '' adapter instead . I was very disappointed because my old AmbiCom had quit working and could no longer read and backup the address book from my cell phone.The product I received was called a `` USB Bluetooth Dongle 10M , Ver 2.0 + EDR '' which is also available from Amazon on another page , but for 1/10 the price I paid here . I contacted eForCity to request a return authorization and refund , and after some discussion I got my money back.On a positive note , after downloading the drivers I was able to communicate with my Motorola E815 phone and backup the address book . However , I do n't know yet if I will be able to update the Motorola firmware . Here are the five drivers that this adapter required for Windows XP
 This device never worked properly . When I checked for a software upgrade , the manufacturers web site stated that the security settings had been tampered with and prevented me from downloading an upgrade . Besides the fact that the circuit board was enclosed so as to block the LED indicator , I think this is repackaged garbage .
 Older units -LRB- serial number beginning with 0510 ... or possibly 0511 -RRB- can have random problems with certain motherboards including Asus , including random reboots or to being able to get the board to start at all . My Biostar motherboard would n't post with this power supply . Antec knows about the problem , and will swap your power supply with a newer updated one if you contact them to complain . Unless you can check the serial number before purchasing , I would n't recommend this unit . -- Rick Taylor
 This unit seemed to fit all the specifications for what I wanted . It wa a bit pricy , but it was available so I bought one.In order to set it up , you use the network cable to plug it into the existing router . In my case , one of the more expensive Netgear ones.After configuration was complete , I immediately started noticing odd network activity . Turns out that you have to immediately disconnect the wired connection as it broadcasts the same mac address on both the wired and wireless connections.It went downhill from there . While the unit seemed to remain connected to the router , the laptop I was testing with could not remain connected for more than 5 minutes from the room next to the router . Trying to interrogate it from the router drove network activity nuts and seemed to lock it up for several minutes . Other wireless devices had trouble connecting while it was in use.Trying to get help through the Linksys web site also proved to be next to impossible.I finally gave up and returned this unit . It 's a shame as I really wanted it to work . I plan to try the Netgear WGE101 as an alternative .
 WPA-PSK does not work properly on this unit . Despite upgrading the firmware to the latest revision on the Linksys website , the machine will not hold a WPA-PSK connection for more than about 10 minutes despite 100 % signal . Load does not seem to be a factor , nor do any of the settings on the unit or the APs tested , despite being set to the most conservative levels . Caveat Emptor !
 I had to to end up reselling them on ebay and lost my moneyThis is why this product is bad : a -RRB- You can just use one at a timeb -RRB- Unreliable , it will just stop workingc -RRB- Why pay 100 $ , when it is smarter and cheaper just to by a speaker cable and run it to your stereod -RRB- Overcomplicated software and configuration
 Where to start ? This product claims to support a myriad of encryption techniques . It does not . Though WPA and its variants are selectable , if you are using this bridge to extend to a wireless G router , you will find the ONLY encryption technique supported is 64 and 128 bit WEP . The customer service is abysmal ... I called them 4 times and spent about 2 hours on the phone . Few of the technicians even knew what a bridge was supposed to be used for . One guy told me you ca n't connect a wired router to a wireless router AT ALL with this device . He said I should go out and buy an access point . If you understand the function of a bridge , you understand how ignorant that statement is . An access point was not what was needed with the network topology I employ on my network . The support staff also tends to have only a very rough handle on English . In the end , I was able to make this bridge work . The transfer times are actually pretty good , but I had to change the security settings on most of the computers on the network . Go to the Linksys website and see what kind of documentation or FAQs are available . Besides a very basic user guide , there is n't ANY . Generally speaking I 'm a big fan of Linksys . My other wired and wireless routers have served me well for years . They are really easy to set up and maintain ... however THIS product falls far short of that standard . I am a network administrator with a fair amount of experience , and I 'm telling you , if you 're looking to use this bridge for anything even remotely more complex than an AdHoc network , you should look elsewhere . This product simply is n't worth the money or the headaches .
 Version 4.92 seems to be unstable in reguards to WPA security , makeing this device almost useless . To help ensure stablity do not use SSID with spaces or symbols , but even that doesnt work at times . WEP and unsecure this device runs like a champ . WPA seems like Linksys put the lazy developer in charge of that area of programming , , *** FAIL ****
 When my WET54G bridge died on me , I thought I 'd get this version of the product ... Very disappointing . This version of the product was unreliable , as compared to the bridge-only version . It was unable to keep connections , and seemed slow to initiate connections . I rebooted it frequently in order to get connections ... The WETG54 product never had a problem -- until the day it died . It served me very well.The moral of the story -- sometimes seperate components are better than combinations . Stick to the components.The WETG54S5 is not worth the trouble .
 I had high hopes for this product , the Linksys WET54GS5 , ethernet bridge with a 5-port switch . I use a Linksys wireless router , and have used their products before , with great success . It seems my luck has run out.I wasted an hour trying to get this thing to connect . I have a secure wireless network , using 64bit WEP . I know the network works , because I 've using this network to write this review.However , after several hours of configuring , rebooting , toggling the bridge 's power , toggling my pc 's power , and even the router , nothing works . I configured the device using the web app , but it still would n't work.I have to give this one a big thumbs down . It does n't work .
 The product data page for this product states that it supports PSK-TKIP . Using WPA-PSK/TKIP security , the unit would not keep a connection for more than about 10 minutes -LRB- with Linksys or non Linksys wireless access points -RRB- . I returned the first unit and the second unit . When I got a third unit , I decided to call Linksys.I was told that they were `` aware of the problem '' and they were `` working on it '' . They are also `` sorry for the inconvenience '' . I have waited several months and one firmware upgrade and Linksys has still not fixed this product feature . It is now three months past the last firmware upgrade and I have not heard anything from Linksys.I would rate the product 0 stars out of 5 , but Amazon does not allow less than 1 star . The product still works as a 5-port hub , giving it a rating of 1 star -LRB- a rather generous rating for a wireless bridge that does not work as advertized -RRB- , but the Linksys lack-of-response should , in my opinion , deduct close to 1 point , for a total of 0 stars.The product does work with no security , and with WEP security -LRB- that is so insecure with a modest amount of traffic that this is akin to having no security -RRB- , but I can not confirm if the WPA-RADIUS security mode works as I do not have a RADIUS server configured yet on my network.Stay away from this product !!!!!
 This thing is great with WEP but flaps when you enable WPA with a pre-shared secret . I purchased this in the hope of connecting my Tivo to my WLAN since it does n't support WPA at all ! It was an expensive mistake . Everytime I want to update Tivo , I have to power cycle the device . It works for a bit then drops and reconnects . I have used it with a D-Link and with a Checkpoint Safe@Office with the same results . If you use WPA , do n't buy it .
 I 've rarely had bad experiences with Microsoft mice or keyboards . Usually they tend to have above average design and put thought into the product.They evidently did n't hire the `` good '' designer to work on this product however as this mouse has 2 glaring faults . # 1
 Terrible ergonomics ... thumb button that 's too far forward , and a `` pinky '' button -LRB- or thumb for a leftie -RRB- that is unusable . NO tilt-scrolling ! That 's right , no 4-way scroll wheel . It has the same shape as the Comfort Mouse 3000 , which I like ... so for $ 20 or more less , get the Comfort Mouse 3000 . Microsoft missed the mark with this loser . Do n't even bother with it . If I could give it ZERO stars , I would - simply because Microsoft offers better wired mouses for less , and better wireless mouses for the same price .
 The left and right click buttons are very difficult to operate . The mouse only works within a foot or so from the laptop .
 There is something quite wrong with the Laser Mouse 6000 , the shape is not right , it 's kind of shallow . I have to be conscious every time I grab this mouse so that I do n't to hit the side buttons . All in all , terrible .
 I have diabetic vision problems and thought the Laser 6000 's capacity to magnify small areas of the screen would be useful for maps , data sheets , etc. . I 've decided to return it and get a larger monitor instead . This mouse moves eccentricly and you move over the page or screen in fits and starts . Once you turn the magnifying function on , it can be quite difficult to turn it back off . In one case I had to reboot . Lastly , it screws up some other functions like delete and highlight . It 's a great concept and I 'll try subsequent versions when they come out but this one ai n't ready for prime time .
 I was a bit hesitant to order this mouse in the first place , as every Microsoft mouse I have ever used has felt cheap and just hadnt performed as well as say a Logitech . But , I figured I might as well try it , and if I dont like it Ill just return it.Once I receieved it I was initially pleasently surprised . It didnt feel quite as cheap as I was expecting . It was still extremely light so it didnt have that going for it . But I really like the scroll wheels on the newer Microsoft mice . They have a nice feel to them and scroll quite nicely . The only thing I really didnt like initially -LRB- besides the lack of weight for the mouse -RRB- was that the thumb buttons were poorly designed , they moved one to the other side for a pinky button , much like the Razer Boomslangs . After using Logitech mice for , well a good 4 years or so that just wasnt well thought out.But after some regular use of it , I had gotten used to those things and actually quite liked it . I was pretty sure I was going to keep it . But then I started gaming and with quick movements , the mouse just spazzes out and goes wherever . At first I figured it was just me , but then I was able to replicate it over and over and that was it for the mouse.So , final say ... if you dont game , this mouse is great . But if you have any quick movements , it cant handle it . I really had high hopes for this one , but it just turned out to be just another Microsoft mouse .
 It 's amazing how one product can totally turn away a die-hard Apple fan , and this is the product . Before this , I had been a loyal Apple buyer since 1998 , but no more . The first one I got had battery problems from the get-go , so I had it exchanged after about 6 weeks . After about 5 months , the exchanged unit started having the same problem . I went to request service , but Apple would not support it and insisted on charging me $ 30 for shipping back to Apple to repair . As this was still under warranty , I balked at the idea for having to pay to ship back an obviously defective product , so I requested a return/refund . No one at Apple or Mac Mall , whom I had purchased the unit from , would assist me , shuffling me back and forth without resolution . Today I finally got my fill and challenged the purchase w/my credit card company -LRB- American Express -RRB- . I 'm getting my money back , and I 'll never buy anything from Apple again !
 only one thing i did n't like it !! no power charger
 this iPod craze is stupid . the ipod is no better in any way than any other mp3 player.I borrowed one from a friend for a week , this `` intuitive scroll wheel '' sucks big time . what were they thinking , it takes forever to get anything done with it . Do yourself a favor , do n't be Steve Job 's love monkey , check out the other mp3 players for half the price .
 IPod mini is the must have gadget of the 21st century . Apple really has no competition because there 's no other player that 's as good . Sound quality is excellent and the size is compact . Completely intuitive interface . iTunes is a great music software and the mini 's screen is beautiful , but all that is defeated by the fact that the quality is n't great . The mini has a major defect in it 's click wheel , it breaks . I 'm a adult user who uses it about 1/2 hour a day when I walk my dog and it did n't last a year . That 's a short time considering I paid hundreds of dollar for the item . Almost every ipod owner I know had issues after about a year and the repair service is almost non existent . The ipod is great if your rich enough to buy a new one every year but for someone thinking that this will be the last player they buy for awhile is mistaken .
 My iPod mini worked great for the first few months , then the battery started having problems . The battery only lasted for a few hours , then 10 or 15 minutes at most . Also , the screen cracked when not even touched ! When i went to get it fixed or replaced , Apple said they do n't fix screens , and the warrenty does n't cover accidents ! Overall , i was very dissapointed with this iPod and with apple .
 While the i-Pod mini is a great product , Amazon is a terrible place to buy it . They subcontract with little known etailer Wholesalersclub.com , who is insufferably slow and unreliable . Although Amazon advertises shipment within 24 hours and Wholesalersclub.com only sells i-Pods and minis , they had n't shipped my mini after more than 10 days - and continued to stretch out the potential delivery date . They are woefully undersupplied or understaffed or simply incompetent - whatever the problem , it means that you will not get a mini ordered from Amazon any time soon .
 I have had to replace my iPod mini three times ?! I have not so much as dropped it . Sometimes the battery appears to be fully charged but the iPod will cease playing in the middle of a workout . Sometimes the display light will come on by itself in the middle of the night ?! Plugging the iPod in will sometimes rectify the problem ... sometimes not . I 've been told it is a battery issue . In addition to the iPod being possessed I 've found that I have too much music to store on this little guy . Perhaps its larger brethren are more hearty .
 The one disappointment I have with this product is that the earphones have already started to come apart . This product is being used by someone who is generally very careful about caring for her things , so I ca n't even blame it on her ! Replacement earphones cost approximately $ 39 -- a very high price for something that was not manufactured to last very long .
 So I received my Ipod Mini last week -LRB- good job Amazon for the free shipping ... which arrived very promptly -RRB- and I had a lot of trouble with iTunes . I had a 256 mb mp3 player before I bought my iPod and transferring music to that one was so much easier . With iTunes , you have to make sure every song you want on your iPod is in the library . Thus if you add songs from a different computer , the songs that are not in this new library will be deleted ! I guess this protects illegal music sharing , but for something this expensive this is a very inconvenient feature . Basically I think iTunes is an inferior program for transferring music ; on my old mp3 player you could just drag and drop music files into the player.Most importantly , the battery life of my iPod is absolutely disappointing . I 've had to charge it every 2 days since the day I received it , and it 's not like I keep it on all the time . I just use it when I walk to class , and in a span of 2 days it is actually on for about no more than 6 hours . I do n't even have the backlight setting on at all . I am extremely upset with this because the 18 hour battery life is what initially hooked me into buying this second generation version.Apple is lucky the iPod has such a good interface . The scroll wheel I must admit is a very intelligent tool and the ability to make playlists is something flash drive based mp3 players ca n't do . For 190 dollars I got a second generation iPod that has EXTREMELY poor battery life and that 's why I am so upset with this . If anyone else has had problems with their battery , please share . It 's better to know I 'm not the only one who got gypped !
 The only songs I put on the IPOD were from retail CDs . I did n't download anything from any websites , yet the IPOD became irrepairable and non restorable . Thank goodness Amazon took it back . Now I am just waiting for my refund .
 I have had and enjoyed this ipod mini for about 2 years . EXCEPT
 See the 2 photos I have attached to the product in the main listing.Each earpiece assembly is attached to the headband assembly with a thin piece of plastic that has two posts that support a relatively great deal of stress in normal use . The piece is only .06 inches thick , and very prone to break . As I write this , mine is the 12th review or comment on this Amazon listing that mentions the problem.The piece is cheap and could easily be user-replaced but B&O ; refuses to offer it as a spare part . When I sought support they told me `` The part you mention is not available as a sparepart and for this reason can not be replaced . `` They also said '' ... we would also like to stress that we have not experienced a general problem with the mentioned parts breaking in Form 2 . `` Apparently they do n't read the reviews of their products in Amazon.So when it breaks , as it clearly does for many users , you either need to do some creative engineering with bracing materials and superglue , or throw them away and buy a better designed product elsewhere.In fact they apparently agree , because they also told me
 The form 2 headphones are the worst hadphones i ever had . they have a amazing design but the rest is crap . i order this headphones and they take 1 month to arrive . on top of this the box was crumpled and damaged . the headphones didint had any protection inside the box . which i thought it was really strange becaue B & o ; is a top brand.i used them in a regular way -LRB- 1-2 houres -RRB- a day . and i treat them in a very nice way . in the 15th day the left speaker stoped working . the next day i take them to a B&O ; store . they told me that they would communicate with denmark . it took 3 weeks for sending the email an yet they didint respond fo the headphones . it trided to communicate with amazon but they told me that the problem had to be fix in B&O ; store.the problem has not been resolved . it has been 5 months and B & o ; havent respond yet for the headphones.Cons and ProsCons3 Year international warranty
 As I expected from B&O , these look the part , they sound the part too . Trouble is they feel like a cheap piece of junk on your head . Two stars for the sound and look . 0 for the comfort level , after 10 minutes I wanted to tear them off and resell them on Amazon . I would n't do that to someone else . There 's alot of good earphones in the marketplace . Unfortunately , these are n't them .
 At $ 100 , these are simply not worth the effort particularly with a number of consumer reports regarding their durability , or lack thereof . If you have a largish head -LRB- like me -RRB- , they are not at all comfortable because the range of adjustment does n't go far enough . But where the Form 2 really falls down for me is with their sound performance . Their semi-open design may as well be a completely closed one , because the imaging and soundstage is dreadfully compressed and limited , amongst the harshest of the semi and fully closed cans I 've owned . Furthermore , mid bass on down is near completely absent of any sort of presence , which compounds that sonic issues I have with this cans . The only real plus I experienced with this set is that it does to a good job of minimizing the amount of sound leakage coming from the drivers.Stylistically these are great-looking headphones -- which from an industrial design leader like B&O ; is hardly a surprise -- but where it really counts is in the sound and for the relative cost there are definitely better-sounding alternatives available from Grado , Audio-Technica , Sennheiser and others , albeit less pretty than these . Bluntly put , the Form 2 for me have a dated audio quality that seems more of a sad commentary of keeping with its nearly two and a half decade-old design and engineering rather than that as an auditory , well-heeled and timeless classic from the past , one with the baggage of a reputation for marginal build quality to match.A B&O ; fan or a slave to beautiful industrial design may elect to grovel for these ; all others should seriously consider other options .
 If you think these are good then you would die if you heard a set of simple Apple Earbuds . No presence or driving base at all . If the name on it was n't B&O I 'd say they were a $ 15 headset from China .
 I 'll admit it , I have a big head . Not in a full-of-myself sort of way , but in a need-a-large-hat sort of way . And if you have a big head like me , these headphones will break at the earpiece within a few months . It 's a terrible design , really . Like other B&O ; products -LRB- the corded phone that could create its own feedback comes to mind -RRB- I have had the urge to buy , the form trumps function.I love the way they look . If only they had taken into account things like , oh , say , head size ? No , why would they do that for headphones ? It 's not like people put them on their heads or , you know , head is in the name of the product .
 Truly loved the looks of the form 2 . They are indeed light weight , and sound is as can be expected from B&O . They are a bid stiff on the head , and yet tend to `` fall down '' . Expected more from B&O , especially when they fell apart . In a fairly short amount -LRB- less than a couple of years , without serious use -RRB- - the soft ear pads were all worn out and had to order fairly expensive new ones . I DO applaud B&O for providing replacement parts . Not long thereafter , the metal that connects the two ear phones to the black holder broke in two , rendering the otherwise great product useless . I expected more from a $ 100 purchase . Otherwise very fond of the ear phones .
 I have an HP Media Center with a 16x DVD + _ Burner , but it would not write to these DVDs . I previously had some GQ + R DVDs and had no problems . HP said their burners can have compatibility issues with Memorex , Maxell , and TDK brands - they recommend using HP -LRB- duh ! -RRB- and Sony brands , so they were of no help . So , I bought some new GQ - R DVDs and they work fine so I think I 'll stick with them . They cost less than all the others too.I returned the opened , remaining Memorex DVDs to Amazon and they gave me a full refund ! Kudos to them !!!
 i thought that brand name stuff was aupposed to be better than generic . definetly not true in this case . these were , hands down , the worst dvdrs i have ever used . i would have to say between 1/3 and 1/2 of the discs were coasters or malfunctioned in some way . buy tdk or verbatim instead .
 These are the worst DVD 's ever purchased . I bought 2 50 packs and the first had 80 % failure rate , I returned the other package . I called Memorex and they replaced the defective ones with Imation brand which worked perfectly , but it was a hassle & time to get them replaced . I 'll never buy Memorex branded DVD 's again .
 Picture does not match the product received . For my particular motherboard , I needed a very low profile attachment . The right angle `` boots '' are approximately 3/4 of an inch . -LRB- Much larger than the low profile connections pictured . -RRB-
 Does what it 's supposed to do , plain and simple . However , it seems the cable easily comes loose from the computer pretty often . I 've lost scheduled recordings -LRB- DVR -RRB- because of this and it 's super annoying . If you wiggle it just a little , that could mean the difference between a disconnected drive/connected drive . So if I am plugging another device into the computer , I always have to remember to check if the drive gets disconnected because the machine may have budged a little . I may have to pay more and invest in a better cable later down the road .
 I bought a pair of these cables a year ago thinking I would switch over to using eSATA . I never did upgrade my system in 2010 but last week I did and since I never bothered to return these cables I put them to work . Worked great for the first couple of days and then I could n't get one drive to be recognized and was actually pretty unhappy with the laptop and thought that it had something to do with the new machine . After screwing around with the laptop for a while I decided to try a cable I had paid 3 times as much for , and presto , it all worked . I was somewhat incredulous that a cable could go south after a couple of days - well it has . I can not help think the adage you get what you pay for holds true for these cables . I am about to buy another eSATA -LRB- retractable and more expensive than this rubbish -RRB- before the other one in the pair I bought also gives out on me .
 I used the cable for 3 months and it worked as it should . But it ultimately came apart at the ends , exposing the wires . It is n't worth the cost to return , but i suppose that is what they count on?I would n't buy it unless it was going to be plugged in on a permanent basis .
 After only a little use , this cable fell apart . The connector separated from the outer sheathing of the cable , exposing the braiding underneath , and would not function .
 This did not work for me . Intiallly it was working with interruptions every few mins but eventually it just stopped working . i had to return it in one week .
 If you want a product that you need to keep shipping back for maintenance ... -LRB- oh and by the way you PAY for all the costs -RRB- THIS IS IT !! And if you want a battery that lasts 20 minutes and sometimes not at all even after `` FULLY '' charged this is it ! And do n't get me started on the cheap buttons !!! I HATE this ipod and wish that I had never gotten it !
 I brought 2 ipod minis just in the last week . One for me and one for my boyfriend for his birthday . I figured that it was finally time for me to enter the future and get on the ipod bandwagon . Well let me tell you all something , he popped his into his windows computer and it worked great . I , on the other hand have not been so lucky . I have Compaq laptop that works great except for when I tried loading my ipod mini onto it . First let me say that I expected some small compatibility issues , but no where near what I have experienced . First laptops that do not have a USB2 .0 port or Firewire card -LRB- most do n't -RRB- will have to buy one -LRB- $ 30 - 50 $ -RRB- . So I brought the firewire . Then the idiot Apple tech person tells me that the cable they sent me is n't a firewire cable , it 's a USB 2.0 cable and I will have to buy one ! That 's another freakin 30 bucks . It 's been a week and I still have n't been able to load it up with music . By the time I 'm able to , I 'll be 80 bucks in the hole for additional wires . I hate this thing already , but I 'm going to go through the pain because I figure it 's better than my portable cd player which keeps skipping . Just be warned everyone out there with a laptop that APPLE does not give you the option of choosing a cable depending on whether you have a laptop or not . Nor will they exchange the wrong one that comes in the package with your ipod . You will have to spend additonal MONEY ! .
 I purchased this product in Novembert 2008 . It is now 8/2009 , the ipod will not charge .
 Our iPod failed twice within the first week of purchase . Apple said the first call for assistance to their tech support line was free . But the second time we called , they said that a fee would be charged . They ultimately agreed to help us for free . We sent the iPod back after the second failure and are now waiting for a replacement . We can not recommend an iPod .
 When I first got my mini , I was extremely excited . I put some CD 's on iTunes , then tried to put the songs on my mini . It did n't work and I went through a very irritating and frustrating process . I finally got it to work , but I had another problem later . I am very good with computers , yet I have had soooo many problems . Apple `` Support '' does n't give you any help and just confuses you more . I suggest you try another brand , or at least do more research first . I hope that you listen to me because I know what I 'm talking about and I 'm not the only person with these problems .
 Think twice before getting this machine ! I was looking for convience and the ability to load CD 's with protected music for play . iTunes does that . But the mini is trash , real trash . The software is hard to use , it does n't always reconize the Mini is hooked up , and there is no total wipe of the drive if you wanted that option . THEN the battery starts at around 8 hrs -LRB- NOT 18 -RRB- and is going down . Yesterday it totally froze up on me and I could not turn it off . So it drained the battery . I hooked it up to the computer overnight , and yet this morning it told me to `` do not disconnect '' . Well it played today but what about tomorrow . I find it also annoying that there is not an on/off switch . Like one other reader , the hold button is the only function which prevents the system from being sensitive while moving it around . In addition , I get static in the left ear piece , the sound is not all that great , and if you accidently disconnect the earphones , the system goes to pause . Which means , you have to turn off the hold key , press the pause key , get the music back and then hit hold again . DO YOU REALLY WANT TO DO ALL OF THIS ? Maybe they get a bad-batch in ? It appears my problems are consistent with other people to test this theory . Oh , and one writer is correct . Not having external batterys is annoying when the system dies and you are on the metro in a longgggg commute ! Good luck in your choice !
 When I first bought it I was SO excited b/c I bought it in Pink -LRB- my favorite color -RRB- . My interest soon faded . The battery is VERY weak . I get about 6 hours of battery life instead of the advertised 18 . Since it 's internal , it 's a little hard to replace . And sometimes the click-wheel freezes so I 'm stuck listening to the same playlist until it decides to work again .
 Worked well for 5 months and stopped working . Trying to update software gives `` Firmware update fail . Disk write error '' . This seems to happen for many people . Just search web for ipod `` Firmware update fail '' . You will find many people struggling with this error.It is a real piece of junk .
 There is nothing to be said about ipod minis and how fantastic they are . But where is the charger to go along with the ipod from this particular vendor !!! It 's like selling someone a car without a steering wheel . This is the 3rd ipod I bought from Amazon and the first two came with a charger as you would expect ! But this one , which I bought a s a mother 's day gift came without one and makes it completely ungiftable . Yes yes the description does not include one , but come-on , it is only common sense that a charger should be included , when you pay the same price as one that would have it !!!
 I bought my mini iPod last year , and it was `` decent '' for about a month . It started with the battery life . After playing for maybe 10 mins , the battery life bar was down by 1/2 . And like others have said , the mini iPOd lasted no where near 18 hours , more like 4 on a good day . After another month , the controllers started to lock up
 Like others have reported , the hard drive in the Mini is very delicate . My wife 's died within about 10 months . It ca n't be fixed , you have to get a new one.So that 's why the new Nano , which came out only about 1-2 years later does n't used a hard drive.Don ' t buy the Mini used , get a Nano .
 I bought an ipod mini about a year and a half ago . This was the worst purchase of my life ! Never buy this ipod . The menu button stopped working -LRB- this is the most used button - ipod mini is not functional without it ! -RRB- and the play/pause button stopped working . I took it into an apple store to the genius bar -LRB- where they `` fix '' products -RRB- and all they told me was that i could get a new ipod with a 10 % discount if i give them my mini to recycle . I 'm not sure what new mp3 i 'll get , but it wo n't be an apple .
 Screen is small and you ca n't see very well . Color on mine chipped . iTunes would delete my songs , leaving me from 105 songs to 5 songs . Not a good product . Ended up returning it after a long struggle of trying to fit the USB cord in it . Restless of trying to fiddle with it , I brought it back and relized there was no refund . Actually , they wanted me to pay THEM for me returning it ! Ha , yeah right.As the iPod Video came out , I thought it would be junk , seeing as how unhappy I was with my iPod Mini . My husband wanted one , though , so I purchased one -LRB- this time making sure there was a good return policy -RRB- . That thing is 10x better ! I actually envy it and hope to get one of my own . Look for a Nano or a Video if you 're going to spend 200 - 400 dollars on an mp3 player you want to last .
 I always admired people with these mini iPods and I was surfing amazon one day and I saw it for the low price of $ 149.99 with free shipping . So I decided I deserved a big present for myself , I bought it . It took about 2 weeks for the shipping and I took it to Washington D.C. , the battery life is n't great for a trip but it 's good . It takes several hours to charge , which is a downfall but it should charge overnight.Although , I had the same problem with it 3 times . It kept giving the exclamation point folder icon , which meant a low battery , no memory , or reset . Well I know it had memory because I had songs on it and I know I charged the battery . I called apple for help but got no help what so ever , I was very fed up . Apple charges you $ 49.99 for each Tech Support Phone call you make after the first one , just so you know . If you are up for a headache then sure it 's a great buy . I know people who never had problems , but then again I know at least 2 other people that have had this trouble with it too . Needless to say I sent it back to Amazon for a refund .
 Buy a regular iPod instead . I bought mine around a year ago and sometimes it is unresponsive the rest of the time the screen freezes up and you have to wait for it to be responsive again ... My friend also had the same problem . And supposedly there was a recall on the mini iPods ? The `` regular '' iPods might be more expensive but , it 's better than the mini .
 I am sure I do n't need to go on about how great an ipod is while it works , most people know that by now . But I had an ipod which broke after 2 months . When they replace it , they do n't give you a new one - they give you a `` refurbished one '' which really means an ipod from someone else which broke and is probably older than yours . The warranty only exists for 1 year from when you bought the original ipod . Now after having my second ipod for under a year , the battery completely looses it 's charge in minutes . As it is just over a year since my original purchase , I am out of luck . Their entire concept of customer service is a disgrace .
 The only good thing I can say about this player is that it looks cool . I get better sound from the AM radio in my car .
 I just used this CD player for the first time last night and I was absolutely appalled at how HORRIBLE the sound on this piece of crap was . If you hate music , or if you do n't know what you are talking about , then this is the CDplayer for you . I played 3 different CDs on this thing and they all sounded terrible -LRB- 1 was Foo Fighters , 1 was Fischerspooner , and one was a CD-R cd that I made -RRB- . In almost every song on all of the CDs the vocals were completely unintelligible so that you could only hear the music -LRB- which was almost entirely trebble - and the `` Bass Boost '' feature on this thing is a joke , it barely did a thing -RRB- . And as for the CD-R disc , I made sure to look for a player that could play these CDs , and yeah , uh , it 'll play them - as in , you press play and it does something , but as far as the sound - it makes all the songs sound like they 're being played through a tank of water -LRB- all gargled and quiet with little electronic screeches and beeps - and I had listened to this particular disc many other times in my stereo and car and it sounded fine until I put it in this crappy thing -RRB- . So if you just want a CD player that looks good on a shelf , this is for you , but other than that , you might as well take $ 60 out of your wallet and throw it in the trash can -LRB- oh and do n't forget shipping -RRB- .
 First off , this wide angle converter is NOT made specifically for your digital camera . The only match is the thread size . I bought this for my Olympus 8080 -LRB- not sure why it came up with this other designation -RRB- and it causes vignettting -LRB- cutting off of the corners at it widest angle -RRB- and more importantly , produced horrible distortion reminiscent of a fun house mirror.I would only buy this lens if you specifically wanted to take spherically distorted pictures , not if you really want a wide angle . Instead go with the manufacturer 's wide angle which is designed specifically for the camera .
 Despite the description in the owner 's manual and a long session with tech support , it can not be configured for DHCP through the web interface . Difficult to impossible to re-configure without resetting with a paper clip AND use of the Windows utility . Do n't be misled by the `` no drivers '' claim . If you do n't have access to a Windows PC with an Ethernet card , you 'll be disappointed . The Linksys WGA11B is smaller , cheaper , and easier to configure .
 This product did not last hardly 3 months . I bought one for each of my kids . My son who carries things in his pocket had damaged the screen within the first 3 months . Without the screen , it is useless . My daughter , who is pretty careful with things had the same problem in just a few more months . Neither lasted 6 months . Do n't waste your money . Buy an Ipod !
 When i got this i was so excited to start using it , at first i was happy until about 4 weeks -LRB- 1 Month -RRB- ! when it started to not read any information i put on there , like i would put the name of the album , and it would say the following : - Unknown artist-unknown track -LRB- Only sometimes , about 30 % of the time . -RRB- - unknown album -LRB- 100 % of the time after about 1 month and a 1/2 -RRB- So as you can see it 's good for a good month and a half , thats not long ! Also in addition some songs were removed after about 2 month use ! -LRB- my brother had a bigger version -LRB- GB -RRB- and his deleted 200 songs one day so that one sucked to -RRB- I thought it was tough because it had been dropped in a glass of milk , kool-aid , water , and the best GRAPE SODA , but after all those times it still worked -LRB- All the issues started to happen before this ! -RRB- When it was mistakenly put in the wash it broke ! In addition it has been dropped and really almost split in halF , So i was shocked to hear it broke in the wash ! Also after about 2,3 weeks use the joy stick cracked and it was harder to use ! as you can see this has many problems and needs to be fixed soon ! This is not a must have , want a good MP3 player got a ipod classic !
 I wanted to like this product based on cost vs Ipod . I did but experienced occasional lockups which were corrected by reseting the unit . After 14 months product failed - dead . Simply unacceptable for a mass produced consumer product . Do n't waste your money as I believe I have . I will be contacting Creative to try and get a partial credit/refund .
 I had some concerns proir to purchasing this after reading reviews on the Amazon , NewEgg and other websites . It appears you 've got a 50-50 chance of getting a good one . I took a chance and got the lemon . I lost all confidence when I finally got though to the RCA techies , and their response was `` yeah , these have issues , not really sure why '' . Having to carry around a toothpick to reboot this everytime it freezes is not my idea of a quality product . Not that I use this often , maybe an hour a day , if that but when the backlight gave out , it was time to send back . Kudos to Amazon 's return policy and I 'll take the refund to purchase something else .
 DeceptiveI bought this MP3 player because the Creative Web site promised `` Easy Transfer -- Simple drag and drop your data files between ZEN V and your computer . No complicated or messy driver installations necessary . '' However this does not seem to be the case.I love Creative 's MP3 Muvo player . No software needed to load that player up with MP3s . The Muvo shows up as a USB mass storage drive , so one just has to drag and drop his MP3s and data to the Muvo , using nothing more than Windows Explorer -- just like any other thumbdrive . I researched the Zen V first on Creative 's site , and the language implies that loading the Zen V was as simple as loading the Muvo or any thumbdrive.However , one apparently does need software to load the Creative Zen V. Moreover , apparently one also needs an Internet connection to install the software . Why do I need to go to the Internet when all I want to do is load this MP3 player with my music and images ? I tried to install the software , but it would n't install after I told Zone Alarm not to allow the install software to go to the Internet.There is no language on the outside of the box that says you need to install software to use the player , or that you need an Internet connection.I attached the unit to my computer via the USB connection to see if it would show up as a USB mass storage device , and it did not.The `` Play for Sure '' icon on the back was sticker out ; apparently Creative had second thoughts after they put out the product , and decided not to support that function.Moreover , the player will not work in Windows 2000 -LRB- though it does say you need Windows XP on the box -RRB- . I also suspect that the Creative software might be phoning home , and telling the mothership what you are listening to . I see no other urgent need to go to the Internet , unless I make that decision myself.In short , the packaging and the product is deceptive . Which is really too bad because I love the Muvo , and was eyeing the larger Zen Vision
 Update : The player freezes with no sound and with the screen on -LRB- displaying album artwork -RRB- , at random times and for no apparent reason . One of my two units had to be reset so many times that it can no longer be reset
 I bought this as an IPOD alternative for Audible books . It takes a long time to start and stop and does not return to where you left off in a book accurately . Maddening . I 'd avoid this if you listen to audiobooks .
 No Fm is built in . Furthermore , in order to change the battery you have to send the product to service , which binds you to the company with additional battery change costs . I also found the menus complicated . You can check CNET for a detailed review . If you stil want to purchase , purchase the Zen V plus which includes radio .
 We bought this for my daughter for Christmas last year , and she took excellent care of it . In March the joystick controller split in two . It seems like this is pretty common problem , but Creative would not fix it . I ended up buying another broken one and replacing the joystick myself . But in Sept. the screen backlight died . I am really disapointed in both the customer service and quality of this product and will not buy another Creative product again
 These are `` DISPOSABLE '' players . Unless you can afford to buy a new one every year - DO N'T SHOP CREATIVE PRODUCTS.Their customer service is absolutely horrible ! My little daughter saved all her change for weeks and weeks to buy herself this player expecting it to last a long time . She took excellent care of it . I was so proud of her I bought her the wall charger and skins for it . Within 6 months of VERY LIGHT use -LRB- she could only listen to it on weekends -RRB- it started having problems charging , she decided to tough it out and see what happened . Then one day the screen just went totally black . After weeks of me trying every self-help option recommended by the company -LRB- firmware , fixes , resetting , etc. -RRB- It simply will not power the screen on and the player is useless without the screen.I contacted Creative with a `` fair '' request to get it fixed , replaced or a partial refund/credit toward a newer player . CREATIVE 'S RESPONSE AFTER DAYS OF FRUSTRATING MEANINGLESS EMAILS WAS ... . SORRY WE DO N'T HAVE PARTS FOR THAT PLAYER ANYMORE , IT 'S NOT UNDER WARRANTY ANYMORE , GO BUY A NEW ONE AND IT WILL BE UNDER WARRANTY FOR 1 YEAR . '' !!!!!!! @ # $ % ^ * % $ Outrageous!They should advertise it as a `` DISPOSABLE PRODUCT '' . !! VERY Dissapointed .
 Had good luck in the past with Creative Labs . Love the software . But had last Zen V plus for 6 months and died on me . Had this one one month and screen got corrupted and eventually could n't see at all . Very disappointed .
 I do n't recommend . I 've had two , using them with Napster . Both froze on me and the reset pin did n't revive them . They were fine for awhile and then ... electronic graveyard .
 DO NOT buy this RAM . If you 're currently using any RAM that is somewhat descent you 're better off sticking with it . The latency on this RAM is horrible and the 1 GB I have runs faster than the 2 GB I ordered from TigerDirect . Now I have to deal with returning it ; if they 'll even accept a return .
 The idea of a sheer iPod protector is captivating , but keep a few things in mind before you toss away your cash . You basically have two choices for this type of ultra-sheer protector - the InvisibleShield or ShieldZone . Both require patience and advance reading : = All the stories of this protector being difficult to apply are true . The protector is a thin , ultra-tough plastic that binds to your iPod 's surface . First , you moisten your fingers , then peel it off and align it to the iPod 's surface until it 's completely covered . With larger sheets , positioning can take time and patience . When it 's dry , the surface cures for a day and almost seems to become a part of your player , making it impervious to scratches and dust . However , alignment is crucial , and doing it incorrectly means you 'll have to reapply a portion . = Your fingers must be moist while applying the shield , but the plastic must be dry . Once applied successfully , squeeze out as many small bubbles as possible , and allow it to cure for a few days . The small bubbles will disappear - but accidental fingerprints will not . = Wetness is the key . After initial failure , follow the instructions for reapplication . Follow the video instructions online meticulously before application . = The results , when correctly applied , give you a protective seal strong enough to stand up to abuse from hard , sharp objects like keys and worse . It has a smooth feel that may surpass that of a regular iPod.It 's important to reiterate
 DO N'T buy this overpriced piece of junk cellophane . I ca n't believe they sell this stuff . I was taken in by the advertising . First of all it is not crystal clear . Second , I had bubbles under it and could not get them out . I tried to carefully take it back off to maybe get the stubborn air bubbles out and I could not , then I got a finger print on the sticky side and it showed thru in addition to being bent out of shape when I tried to peel it off.Results , in the trash it went . Just buy the cheap covering . It works just as well and you can replace it often.Advice
 I have applied this product to a Creative Zen Vision M 30 Mp3 player and to a Sanyo cell phone.Extremely difficult to align when trying to apply to either Mp3 players , Cell phones and most likely to PDA 's . If you get even the tiniest bit of your fingerprint on the tacky side ... that 's it , it will show up and look terrible.In addition , if the most minescule bit of dust gets on the tacky side ... or alternatively on the item you try to apply it to , while you try to apply it , that 's it ... it will show up and look terrible.Very hard to get air bubbles out even using the supplied `` plastic squeegee `` Forget trying to re-position the Shield once it 's on ... it can be done , but stretches as you try to take it off ... . then it really looks TERRIBLE ! If you use the supplied little bottle of liquid as the instructions suggest , that makes it EVEN MORE IMPOSSIBLE to re-position or , get it off completly.The materiel does resist scratches better than anything on the market that I have tried , but unless you work with it in an absolutely `` DUST FREE '' area , use a `` tweezer not your fingers '' to hold it ... and do n't use the liquid they instruct you to use ... . you will just be wasting the money you paid for this OVERPRICED item .
 While I do n't doubt this product protects well , it is an absolute NIGHTMARE to apply . I tryed this product 3 different times thinking I would get it perfect this time and each time it was horrible to put on . I ca n't possibly recommend this to anyone.First , you have to get it WET to put it on . Is there anyone else who thinks there is something wrong with getting your electronics wet in order to protect it?Second , dust draws to this thing like a magnet -LRB- and I chose the most dust free place I could find . -RRB- Once the dust is under there , forget it , it really does look bad.You have to wait 24 hours to use your product after applying it . I imagine this is really to allow any liquid traped inside your gaget to dry . Not a pleasant thought.After 3 bad experiences , I am looking elsewhere .
 Applied this to my 60gb ipod w/video and it was a flawless application . It wore well for three years and I noticed that one of the tabs along the top was loose and would n't restick , so I tried to remove the invisibleshield exactly how they recommended in their FAQs . Well , I 'm screwed now because this ipod , which my husband gave me as a wedding present , has thick goo covering the front part and no amount of cleaning or scrubbing or using cleaners will remove it . I ca n't put a new cover over it and the screen is impossible to see . It 's very disheartening to lose something that had sentimental value like this . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I found this impossible to apply to my device . No matter what I tried -- and yes , I followed the instructions to the letter and even watched the instructional video on YouTube -- there were bubbles under the plastic . While the larger bubbles could be `` squeegeed '' out , the small bubbles could not . Having even one tiny bubble in the middle of your video screen makes for a lousy viewing or reading experience.This is a waste of money .
 First , the screen on the camera is a `` status '' screen , not a viewing screen -- so you have no idea if the pictures you take come out or not . It 's also very cheap and plasticy -- no way this ever sold for $ 99 -- do n't be fooled by the `` marked down '' price . I am very disappointed .
 My Belkin worked well for a number of years . No complaints . It did what it was supposed to do ... until it did n't . I put my infant to sleep last night and smelled something odd in his room . I quietly looked around -LRB- as to not wake him -RRB- to discover smoke pouring out of the plug . Belkin 's response ? `` Sorry , its not under warranty . '' Needless to say , use at your own risk !
 Not built for actual use , plug wires first separated from wire covering and then pulled loose inside . While I am mobile , I take care to avoid straining the cords , this one is not ready for prime time . Great price point but save your time and money , do what I am doing , buy a better quality cord .
 I bought this as a replacemnt to my existing Toshiba adapter that lasted 8yrs . This one died in 6months . . Be aware . . just do n't buy these duplicate stuff . . the circuitry inside was cooked .
 The mouse worked great but the keyboard was very erratic . After my efforts to make it work failed , I called customer service . They do not have a toll free number but they handle the call as if they have one
 First of all the mouse pointer does not move cleanly -LRB- its jumpy -RRB- . The keyboard stopped functioning within a week after I bought it . But since Creative offered a mail-in rebate -LRB- it had to be mailed within 2 weeks -RRB- I had already sent the original UPC . Hence I could n't return the item to Amazon . I exchanged emails with the customer service back and forth a few times regarding this and finally they agreed to fix my keyboard . So I had to ship -LRB- I paid for the shipping -RRB- it to the RMA center . At the RMA center they had the keyboard for 13 working days and it was NOT EVEN TESTED . After I emailed them about this they finally sent me a replacement keyboard but without the RF receiver !! I had to email them again and they shipped me the receiver . So finally got the keyboard working after about 45 days !! On the whole I am totally disappointed with the VERY POOR quality product from Creative and the poor customer service provided by Creative . This has forced me to refrain from buying any Creative product in the future .
 I am very disapointed with this product.The mouse reacts on every 3rd click.I am not alone who has this problem , so the only thing i can recommend to new customers
 I heard this set at my Grandfather 's friend 's house . I think the fella spent like $ 750.00 on it from a local outlet mall . What a waste of well earned retirement money ! He had a higher end Marantz receiver firing these puppies , and let me tell you the receiver was being shamefully wasted on these speakers . The lower end frequencies were o.k. and the highs were sufficient . What I felt was missing was the solid mids and voice presence . Do n't get me wrong , music sounded good . But , trying to watch a movie was like riding in a car with huge subs and tweeters in the front door pillars . The lack of mid-bass was a huge downfall with these speakers.I spent $ 200.00 less on a set of Dahlquist 5.1 A and feel like they sound like $ 1000.00 speakers . They have an even frequency response all the way across . In my opinion they look a whole lot better mounted too . I 'm running them with a Marantz SR6200 DTS receiver and they perform flawlessly . I would totally recommend anyone that 's considering a BOOOSE system to reconsider and shop around . GET YOUR MONEY 'S WORTH , DO N'T BELIEVE THE HYPE !
 I ditched my AM6 speakers through eBay and bought some good speakers instead . Anyone who likes Bose must only have their clock radio as a point of reference . I was able to sucker some chump into paying $ 400 for my Bose AM6 speakers , which I turned around into a set of Athena .5 speakers and a 10 '' Velodyne sub . All running from the same Pioneer VSX-D711 AV receiver as the Bose . My new speakers set me back about $ 350 , leaving money left over for speaker wire and stands.So , why am I so harsh on the Bose AM6 speakers ? Well , they do look nice , but ... they use proprietary speaker wires with speacial plugs . So , you have to use their wiring which really reduces the options for running wiring for the back surrounds . The small size is nice , but having speaker wire hanging out in plain site pretty much sucks.Speaking of sucking , let 's adress the major shortcoming of almost ALL Bose products , they just do n't sound good . My budget Athena .5 speakers have a 1 '' tweeter and a 4 '' driver . This combo does a pretty good job of covering down to around 80Hz where the sub fills in . Not completely flat , but really nice for the price and signficantly better than what the Bose AM6 can do with its single 2.5 '' driver per speaker . The Velodyne sub can hit 30Hz and really fill in the low end , while the bass module -LRB- I refuse to call that Bose thingy a sub -RRB- does n't get any where near that . And , since all 5 speakers are cabled through the bass module , you 're really stuck finding a good place to hide it in your room.So , what does all this mean ? When watching a Dolby Digital or DTS movie , I can now actually notice the low frequency effects , and even feel them . with the Bose , you get muddled farting from the bass module -LRB- and , I suspect the cross over on the bass module is set pretty high in an attempt to compensate for the Bose Cubes ' misserable low to mid range response , so you know where the sound is coming from , sort of distracting -RRB- . The overall sound stage is now much better with the new speakers , too . The Bose cubes were too easily localized , and did n't fill in the room very well . But ... most important
 I 'm no Audiophile as it were but I know quality when I hear it . I purchased the Acoustimass 6 -LRB- gen IV -RRB- on my belief and word on the street that Bose is the best . I 'm sad to say do n't believe the hype . They are good but not $ 899 good . The Bass is lame and the treble on the center channel drowns out the rest of the action if anyone is talking in the foreground . I 'm running a Pioneer vsx2016 which is an awesome product . Anyway I plan to stay within this price range but take my business elsewhere , any suggestions ? They are going to go back next week .
 Very difficult to set up and use . There 's nothing intuitive about its setup or use.The unit I bought in Feb 03 has never worked right . DVD sound is horrible . Just received it back after 2.5 months in the repair shop and now it has no sound at all - from any source.Onkyo USA has shown total lack of concern , as has Circuit City , where I bought it.Don ' t waste your money on this piece of junk .
 I bought the Onkyo DR-C500 to replace my very old Sony receiver , old Sony 5 CD player , and my cheapo DVD player . I like the idea of having one unit to de-clutter my home entertainment center . However , after less than 8 months of owning I 've come to accept that this thing is a total piece of junk and I will never buy another Onkyo product . It can not read 90 % of the burnt audio CDs -LRB- I have tried many different brands -RRB- and it will not read many DVD videos , including rented ones that , when returned to the rental place , play fine in their DVD player . It is in for warranty work right now , but it has done this since new so I doubt it will improve , seems to be a design flaw . I wish I would have bought new a Sony receiver and DVD player instead of this hunk of junk . I 've actually had to buy another cheapo DVD player to read whatever the Onkyo wo n't . Also , when playing CDs it does not automatically repeat/go to the next disc , you have to switch it to repeat mode every time you switch to CD/DVD play mode , otherwise it will just play 1 CD .
 This unit is a piece of junk from Onkyo . I bought this unit 4 months back and for past 3 months its in the service center . I bought this unit since it had both reciever and 5 DVD progressive scan player . I was very happy for the first 2 weeks but it started giving me trouble reading DVD 's after that . It took me a week or 2 to realize that its a technical fault in the system . I gave it to authorized service centre and they repaired it saying that there was a problem with the belt that drives the carousal Changer . The system was fine for one day then the carousal disc tray was n't going inside and there were more problems now compared to the previous one . Its still at the service center and technician 's say that they are not getting enough support from Onkyo and they are not replacing the product either because the system behaves inconsistently . sometimes it works sometimes it does n't . If Onkyo is not able to fix it or replace this product then whom should I go and talk to . Please suggest
 I never write reviews , but I had to in this case . Total Junk ! Low receiver rating and a poor excuse for private enterprise ... Onkyo sickened me with this product so much that I will never buy from them again ...
 I have never been so disgusted with a product in my life . I could only hope that Onkyo goes bankrupt due to the most unbelievably poor customer support they have given for this boat anchor . I will absolutely NEVER buy another Onkyo product and will do everything in my power to ensure that I spread this to every person possible . It is painfully obvious that Onkyo is aware that this thing is junk and should have recalled every one made and given any sucker who bought one 100 % of there money back . I would have given this thing 0 starts if I could .
 I 've had this unit for about four years now and it worked for the first year with very few problems . I would get that `` disc err '' , but would mess with it a couple times and it would start playing . I wish I had sent it in for repair while it was still under warranty . The problem has become far too common and rarely plays anything now . We 've cleaned it over and over and still does n't make a difference . This unit is a waste of money ! This unit is clearly flawed and Onkyo is either refusing to acknowledge it or they just do n't care enough about their customers to do anything about it . This was my first Onkyo purchase and it will be my last .
 This thing is junk and Onkyo refuses to give any support . Do not buy this product or any other Onkyo product .
 I was thinking this had to be too good to be true and it was . The tripod is more like 48 inches tall fully expanded . It 's flimsy and I would only use it for a travel tripod if I was desperate.I had high hopes and the product received is nothing like the product advertised.Save your money !
 i have purchase the system as an upgrade for an LG system which i thought that it did not deliver good sound.I have integrated it with Yamaha Receiver AV-771 , and did the setup using automatic and then manual channel setup , using best results for the room layout.Whats wrong with the system : No middle range frequency , voices is distributed into 3 categories low , middle and High frequency , where human ears can hear anything between 20hz up to 22 Khz devided on the frequency range above.Thanks mean , you will hear the High frequencies e.g. Woman sounds , Jet sounds , and low frequencies from Subwoofer Bass , but all middle frequencies will be chopped and througn away.what will you loose is most of the vochals with Midd range like men voice will sound terrible.Middle Speaker does not have a cross over and the only solution is to buy and VS-10 speaker by USD 170.00 to fix this issue.Subwoffer has very limited control over the sound , you are transffering the sound from the AV receiver to Subwoofer through a special cable , therefore the amplifier is not doing its job , result is very limited control and fine tuning.When you listen to the audio output of the system you will say hell its loud , but loud is not good at all . when you watch a movie for 2 hours you need to hear somethign CLEAR NOT LOUD.So people who dont know about audio and can affor it , its a good solution.people who care about the middle range this is NOT your baby.Gamming experience its not good at all without paying extra USD $ 170Music output is not badthats my recommondation , however i will always say if your going to spend this much money try spenthing on middle range with higher sensitiivty and frequency up to 20khz
 I bought a set of these for my sister-in-law because she was convinced Bose was the best . For comparison , I had installed a $ 300 multimedia computer speaker system for her son a few months prior . the $ 300 system put these things to shame . if you do a little research , you learn that bose is basically radio shack quality speakers with nike level marketing . i suggest you do your research before paying for a fancy ad campaign .
 The one I got has a poor-quality DVD player ; it keeps skipping and hanging on brand new out-of-the-box DVDs . Plus after a year the remote control sensor in the TV itself broke and had to be replaced - out of warranty , of course.Other than that the picture is sharp and clear , the sound is excellent , the on-screen controls are excellent , and the remote control is well-laid out and easy to use . I 'm just knocking it down 3 stars because of the remote control sensor problem and the mediocre integral DVD player .
 bought this for my library in switzerlandgreat reviews and advertisinga $ 100 rebate was advertised , and was paidalso on offer was a three year ON SITE service contractthis service contract is a total con . under no conditions would hp send anyone to the library to deal with the following problems.in each case i had to take the huge printer to the post office and mail it back to hpfirst printer arrives
 I bought the HPL7580 about 3 weeks ago . On a good day it will feed the paper properly so that I can print or copy documents about one in five tries . Tomorrow it becomes my absolute last resort backup device after I go out and purchase a Brother or Canon All-In-One .
 We got this as a replacement for the fax we had in our office . We do get a lot of faxes , and I will say the quality of print is good . Also the printing is quick.HOWEVER , the tray is somewhat difficult to load . It takes forever to start the fax , and if you walk away thinking the fax has gone through , you will probably come back to find out it did not!It can not run more than 2 fax jobs at a time . Tonight I had 3 pieces of paper to send to 3 different places . It took me 10 minutes.The buttons are not intuitive . There are 46 buttons on this machine and you could be staring at them for hours if you are not familiar with it.The next time I get a machine , I am getting just the fax and leaving all the fancy stuff like copying and scanning for machines that are built for it .
 I puchased the HP7680 from an Amazon vendor because of the good reviews . To start , the drivers and software for Microsoft Vista Operating System were not included ... I soon found out why ... they were/are not available and or will not work/load properly . Then I quickly found that the document feeder would not operate properly to send a fax or make copies . It made loud grinding noises and jam or just give an errror message . The down loaded drivers and software also would not load or run . I Called technical support -LRB- in India -RRB- regarding both issues . They ran me through totally unrelated tasks via `` the script '' bebause I was told they `` must '' do it in order to pass my case to the next level . After an entire afternoon on the phone they finally relented and agreed to send a replacement . They had no fix available for the software problems , other than to tell me not to use the computer ... just use the the printer/fax/copier using the controls on the unit . Printer number # 2 arrived about one week later -LRB- my guess a refurbished machine -RRB- . Well , the document feeder grinds , jams and does not feed the documents in straight . The printer aspect works fine as does the scanner if you place the document page by page under the cover . From my perspective the document feeder is just plain flimsily made ... a bunch of plastic parts fit loosely together ... plastic gearing that does not mesh properly ... a poor design with cheap execution ! I have requested a refund and awaiting a `` case manager '' to return my call within 24 to 48 hours ... the first 24 have already passed . I am just plain tired and frustrated with trying to get/make the hardware and software to work properly.p.s . My wife and I are not neophytes at using computers , faxes , and copiers .
 The first time I purchased this printer , it had such serious problems that the tech people said I should return it . I exchanged it for another one and a whole set of new problems . The tech people said they are receiving all kinds of calls on this new model .
 The bundle software does not install in Leopard . I need to make a `` customizable '' install ... In package , open `` install '' folder , ctrl + click in HP Installer and select show packagego to Contents \ Sub Installers folder , and make a manual install of all packages .
 Despite the many negative reviews posted here and elsewhere , I bought one of these printers . I should have paid more attention.Pros
 In less than 3 months I am on the third replacement under warranty.First time the store replaced . Problems occurred within 30 days.Second time HP sent me a replacement product . Problems started in 2 days.I 'm on the phone again with HP to see what they will do now.Very time consuming dealing with customer service.Consistent problems with feeder not working and jamming problems.I understand HP has discontinued this model . Very good reason ... it is junk.Do not buy !
 Terrible software on both Mac and Windows . My Windows XP software on multiple machines will run away and use 100 % of the CPU . I have to disable the service in order to avoid this . The Mac software fails to connect almost 50 % of the time . I have tried updating to the latest version and contacting HP but nothing really gets fixed . I have n't had any trouble in Linux but maybe HP does n't fix this software.The machine jams a lot , the scanner is unreliable and jams with the feeder , the feeder scans routinely are crooked , it is slow , frustrating , and occasionally must reboot before using . A all around horrible purchase . I find that I frequently give up and just use an old flat bed scanner as this is more reliable .
 If you want a printer that stays online , do n't bother with this one . Everytime I need to print something , I need to shut the printer down , as well as my computer , to get a print-out . I 've had it . I ca n't understand why technology that has been around for so long ca n't be made to work by a company with so much experience .
 Update 7/9/2010
 I purchased this printer because its predecessor , the HP OfficeJet 7140 , was n't supported for scanning by a new PC 's Vista operating system -LRB- I downgraded from XP to Vista under duress . -RRB- The L7680 scans just great ; unfortunately , if you are using Vista and Office 2007 on a LAN connection , then printing does n't quite work!The L7680 's truncated printing problems are well documented , including on HP 's own support website
 I made the mistake of purchasing this product despite other complaints about support and software quality issues . I figured I could just avoid calling support and use the `` basic '' version of the drivers . My HP Officejet 6100 was getting long in the teeth and I really needed a printer with ethernet connectivity so that I can shut down my PC and have my girlfriend still be able to print from her iMac.The L7680 is attractive from a features point-of-view . The duplex printing is what sold me . Ironically however , I think the duplexer is the point of failure that resulted in me getting a printer that refused to acknowledge there being any paper in the tray . I powered it on for the first time , waited for the display to prompt me to add paper , added the paper and clicked OK , and got ... `` Insert paper and press OK . '' Rinse and repeat , no matter what I tried it refused to acknowledge that there was paper in the tray.My general impression of this printer is that it 's cheap , molded-plastic garbage , and so it 's not surprising that it would come from the factory with mechanical defaults . But I stupidly decided I would give tech support a chance before returning it to the store . I really wanted this printer to work.After 15 minutes on hold , I got someone who was reasonably friendly but clearly could n't hear or understand me . I had to spell my name at least 5 times and repeat the serial number over and over . And then I got transferred , which meant another 15 minutes on hold.The second agent was reading from a script that did n't address my problem . After walking through driver installation -LRB- and re-installation !!! -RRB- , cleaning the ADF with a damp cloth , resetting the NVRAM , etc , he just started repeating previous `` solutions '' . It was a total , complete waste of time . I felt like I was talking to someone who had never seen the product they were supposedly `` supporting . '' It was n't just language and idiom issues -LRB- although English was clearly not his first language -RRB- - it was a complete ignorance about the product . For instance , if the device does n't pass its initial power-on self test when not even connected to the computer , why the hell would you make me install -LRB- and then uninstall/reinstall -RRB- the drivers ?!? At the two hour mark , he had clearly exhausted his flow chart so he started repeating random things that he had already asked me to try ... at which point I gave up and decided to return this piece of junk . Good riddance . I will never purchase another HP product again .
 This printer worked great when I bought it and was running Windows XP . I upgraded to Windows Vista and the printer will no longer scan documents and frequently only prints the top half of pages . HP support is useless - many of their troubleshooting solutions refer only to Windows XP and earlier versions . The available Vista drivers have no effect on the funtion . A review of on-line forums indicates many users have this same problem . If you have Vista , stay away from this printer .
 Was happy for nearly a year . Scans pretty good , ADF worked , fax worked , printing was pretty good for basic color text and limited graphics -LRB- it is definately not a photo printer -RRB- . Then the troubles began and it has just declined to a major , costly , non-functional , out of warranty paperweight . Black ink started dropping out occasionally , then banding , then ink door flimsy plastic latch broke with the cartridge remove/reinserts -LRB- taped closed now -RRB- , really bad tech support , replaced all ink cartridges at considerable expense , worked for a couple of days , then banding and drop outs again , lots of alignment and cleaning cycles , then paper jams crept up , really bad tech support , error codes about `` can not align '' , really bad tech support , suggest replace print heads AND ink -LRB- at considerable expense -RRB- . Nope , I 'm done . Had `` tank '' HP III and HP IV laser printers circa early 1990 's and later 1990 's that only recently gave up the ghost after a trillion zillion pages and not a problem til they died at a ripe old age . Last 4-5 years my experience with HP quality in the competitive pro-sumer line has not been positive . My Epson R200 meanwhile has been printing great photos and discs until I 've just worn the thing to a plastic nub . Eyeing the Epson 810 all-in-one .
 I purchased an L7680 in March of 2008 , and by June of 2009 I started having problems with it , which was only three months past warranty -LRB- I wonder if that is not a coincidence -RRB- . The printer informed me that my 15 month old print-head was `` bad , '' so I purchased a new print-head . By November , I was having print-head problems again , but this time HP warranted the print-head because it was still within warranty . After one week with the new print-head , the printer was giving me the alarm again that the print-head was having problems . Needless to say , I was then informed by HP that there was nothing else they could do , the `` unit '' was the problem . But it was not a manufacturer 's problem , it most likely was from use , even though , other units have had the same problem . So , even though , other units that were n't this particular model number experienced the same problem , it still was n't proof that it was a manufacturer 's issue . They could only offer me a 25 % discount on a new printer . I am so frustrated because it seems to me that if other printers have suffered from the same problem then it most likely is a manufacturer 's defect thus meaning that HP is at fault . I only print on average 50 pages a month , so it did n't suffer from high volume printing . And the main thing is that this printer is supposed to be an office quality printer thus the name `` Officejet Pro . '' After arguing with customer service I was then informed that HP 's printers are n't made to last more than two to three years anyways . So , with that in mind , you are better off purchasing a cheap printer every year , than paying $ 300 every two years or in my case in less than two years . So , my advice is you may want to stay away from HP , for the quality is not there .
 Purchased about 9 months ago , and one of my print heads just failed . A replacement is $ 80 so I 'm going to look elsewhere -- this printer has taken years off my life it is such a failed engineering design experiment ! I 've had problems with the scanner -LRB- both getting it to connect and physically the scanner mechanism falling apart -RRB- . Consistently scans `` crooked '' when fed in the document feeder ; occasionally misses pages . THIS PRINTER IS A PROBLEM . PLEASE BUY SOMETHING ELSE AND SAVE YOURSELF THE HASSLE .
 I have had this printer for a year and spent -LRB- I am sure -RRB- more than 60 hours of my time trying to get it to keep working . It especially does not work with laptops , because every time I disconnect it , the dumb thing dumps the driver , or something , and I have to reinstall the whole damb thing - which takes hours . I have spent hours with tech support and they walk me through it and then say some rediculousthing like , you will have to call back and ask for our `` advanced '' department , who I do n't think exist as far as I can tell , because you just get the same idiots walking you through it again and again . I have Googled my issue -LRB- try a phrase like `` driver reinstalling problems with HP L7680 '' -RRB- and found dozens of people complaining about the same issue , and talking about the same frustrating experience for more than a year . Has HP fixed it ? OBVIOUSLY NO.I HAVE 4 HP PRINTERS AND HAVE OWNED THAT MANY MORE AND I WILL SAY THIS
 Limped along for another year on this piece of garbage . Even if you do n't use the ink it will time out the cartridges and lock up forcing you to buy more ink . I ca n't get non-HP ink carts to work . Ink is ridiculously expensive and you will buy it to keep running every few months even if you do n't use it . HP has a great plan for their finances . DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER , YOU WILL REGRET IT ! In fact after owning HP for a dozen years I 'm not buying anymore of their printers , or any products for that matter . Their greed is amazing.Also the driver is a real piece of junk . Locks up all the time and when it `` works '' you will constantly be informed of your printers status etc. . It also wants to phone home every time you print , likely to let HP know that you need ink . My firewall software catches this but it still something I have to respond to and deny the driver from contacting HP.The driver for XP was never right from the get go , constantly locks up and requires reboots of the laptop and lots of resetting of parameters to get the spooler to empty print jobs etc. . Then everytime you print something it wants to phone home to HP to send you advertising and check for a new version of the driver etc. . An awful mess , much like the driver for my last HP.The ink is a misery . It sucks it fairly fast , and it is expensive from HP . I 've tried the aftermarket and they generally work but once in a while the printer takes a hatred to a specific ink cartridge , once it hates it it will never accept it . So there you sit with a full cartridge that the printer wo n't accept and it says it is either empty or damaged or something is wrong . The little chip in the cartridge is the hate point , swapping them is sometimes successful . All in all this scheme seems very well focused at keeping you addicted to HP and only HP ink.As for me I 'll never buy another cartridge of ink from HP as long as I live . I 'll find a way to go elsewhere . Or as it was in the movie Office Space , this thing is going to get the PC Load Letter baseball bat treatment and I 'm switching to another brand . If you have a good non-HP all-in-one to recommend please comment on this review .
 Where can I begin to say how bad this product -LRB- and support -RRB- is.Firstly , if you are using it in wireless mode -LRB- e.g. physically connect it to a wireless router , and then use a wireless connection from your computer to print -RRB- this product is AWFUL . You have to un-install and re-install the software routinely!Despite repeated calls to HP , and despite the fact that all the configuration information in the installation is ok in the control panel , something in the software is blitzed and you must re-install . Un-installing is for some reason never straightforward , and that each HP support technician has their own method of uninstalling ? Un-install and re-install is ridiculously time-consuming . In one year , I 've installed and reinstalled software at least 10 times for a variety of reasons , including 2 printers that malfunctioned and had to be returned for replacement . Also , each time I 've had to reinstall , it has taken several calls to HP support . No two suppport people do the same thing and I often heard that `` the last person should have ... and now we will ... `` I 'm appalled by the thought that this printer is going to cost me even more money by having to either extend my warranty or purchase per-call support at the end of the year . This is n't even mentioning the extensive waste of time I 've had calling support -LRB- an odd term for what you actually get -RRB- in the first palce.The software portion of this printer -LRB- e.g. the driver on the computer -RRB- is a complete mess , I 've had many , many problems with the scannign function on all three of the printers I 've had in the last years.HP support is really bad . I was so disgusted with HP support that I called HP to complain . Finally , after days of trying , I was referred back to the original `` case manager '' who already told me his hands were tied and that policy is policy . He could not extend my warranty -LRB- though I 'd received 2 faulty printers and he could n't upgrade my printer because it is n't `` policy . '' He actually told me this printer is a `` good one '' and that there are n't problems on the market with it . Gosh , try reading Amazon and ask yourself why the printer is now 1/2 off!HP evidently do not think it is their responsibility to provide software that actually works with their printers . I had an intensely frustrating and ridiculous conversation with an HP escalations manager . I said that you ca n't print or scan to a computer without software that works and that uninstalling and reinstalling is n't acceptable , and that therefore this printer is simply unusable without drivers that , you know , actually work.When I asked to talk to a manager , I was told that `` they are too busy to talk to you . '' When I sent a factual notice of the more than a half dozen cases that I had opened -LRB- never to be resolved -RRB- with HP in the last 2 weeks or so , the company referred me back to the case manager that orginally told me that he could n't do anything , his hands were tied by `` policy . `` HP Officejet Pro L7680 Color All-in-One Printer
 Bought this because I had always bought HP printers in the past and they had performed well . But not this one . It would n't work due to mechanical defect in the sheet feeder . After an hour on phone with HP they sent me a reconditioned one as replacement . Refused to send a new one . The replacement was also defective due to a different sheet feeder problem . Another hour on the phone . They sent me another reconditioned one . It 's sheet feeder worked but by now the printer software was so screwed up on my computer I had to pay a PC tech to come and sort it out , which cost more than the printer ! He said the HP printer software does n't uninstall correctly . However , he sorted it out and I 'm using the printer . It works more or less OK though with some minor annoyances -LRB- e.g. , cuts off printing before end of some pages for no reason , faxing from PC does n't work at all , etc. -RRB- Overall , a very poor product , lousy support . The last HP printer I will ever buy .
 I 'm a long-time user of HP printers . I 've purchased only HP since the HP Laserjet 4 . But something 's gone really wrong over at HP . I purchased the HP Officejet Pro L7680 . First , it takes forever -LRB- 5 minutes -RRB- to turn on . Second , within five months , it tells me that the printer heads do n't work . Five hours on the phone -LRB- two phone calls -RRB- with HP service with someone who sounds like they are reading everything off a checklist , having to go through the same checklist twice because HP dropped the call and I had to restart from ground zero , and they finally tell me that they 'll replace the defective print heads . So I pay an extra $ 40 for expedited service to get the print heads overnighted , and they show up five days later . In the meantime , HP tells me they can not refund the $ 40 for expedited service `` because you have n't yet received the print heads . '' Finally they show up . I never could get the $ 40 back for the `` expedited service '' that took five business days.Then , six months later , the printer paper feeder breaks . Another two hour phone call . I can see the broken part . They ignore that and make me go through the check list again . Meaningless waste of my work time . Finally they agree to replace the computer with a rebuilt machine . It arrives a week later , but works fine until ... A week ago , the machine again tells me that the print heads no longer work . We call HP service . Three hours on the phone with them . After going through the checklist -LRB- again , twice -RRB- , `` It 's not the print heads . It 's a hardware problem . Yes , we 've known about it , but it does n't always cause problems . Can we replace your computer ? Sorry , your machine is out of warrantee . '' But you just replaced it four months ago with a `` new '' machine . `` Sorry , but that replacement machine only has a 90-day warrantee . There is nothing we can do for you . But you can upgrade to a more expensive machine for a slight discount . `` Now I have a 40 pound paper weight and have to buy a new printer , 14 months after getting the HP . Worst service , worst support . The `` New HP . `` So I 'm buying the Brother MFC-6490cw instead . Sounds much better and none of the reviews talk about terrible service or support .
 HP builds great HW product ! the problem is with the software ... I have had 3-4 multifunction printers for over 8-9 years.They NEVER worked as expected ; the can of worms that HP has developed to manage multifunction devices is horrible!I am quite an expert and still I can not get to make this thing work.What is beyond belief is that I can install the printer over the network with just Windows Vista , without any problem . But using the HP software , it is never able to find the printer , no matter what you do ; multiple installation , uninstallations , removal of firewalls , even giving the software the direct IP address of the printer this damn P.O.S. software can not find the printer -LRB- as I said Vista can see it and print to it no problem -RRB- . Even with a direct USB connection it only installs partially , scan does n't work , etc. . . So , you can use the printer with Vista , but the issue is with the scanner and with the fax ; those are pretty much useless as there is no way to connect to them without the HP software working.On the web there must be 1000 's of people begging HP to do something about this , since years !! , but HP has ignored everything.So if you just need a nice printer , fine , or a standalone copier , great , but forget everything else !! I would recommend to buy another brand , until HP learns to take care of their customers .
 The duplex feature on this printer worked exactly once . It jams at the same spot every time now . HP online help is a joke . Finding a phone number to call was very difficult . It 's also noisy . A definite step backwards from my previous model which has been discontinued . Oh well .
 My wife is a dentist and I purchased the l7780 -LRB- same model as l7680 but with extra paper tray attachment included -RRB- for her brand new office after seeing many glowing video reviews praising the speed and low print costs.The printer itself is a marvel , with lightning fast print output and decent color reproduction . The fax and scan functions are very quick and seem to work pretty well.Unfortunately that 's where the praise ends . The HP software installation package is one of the worst I have ever seen -LRB- and that 's coming from someone who has worked in the computer business for years -RRB- . I needed to install the print/photo utilities on five brand new Dell XP Pro workstations that had a very simple initial configuration . The HP installation software would hang , it would n't clean up upon un-install , it would n't see the printer on the cabled ethernet network from one computer but would from another one -LRB- with firewalls turned off on all of them -RRB- , and the real clincher ? The stupid printer management utility is a resource hog that frequently crashes the PC with a bluescreen error or prevents logging out or shutting down.This is unaccepteable under any circumstance , but even worse since this is being used in a Dental office where the staff are dealing with patient data and expect a stable print/scan/fax experience.HP tech support is worthless . HP would rather save a few bucks and outsource the tech support and software/driver development to India than develop a product that cost $ 100 more and actually worked properly.Shame on you HP , you wo n't be getting another dollar from me .
 I have owned a lot of printers . . most of them have been HP . I figured I would be happy with this all-in-one HP printer but it has been a living h *** ! Negatives :1 . Cuts off most of my printing - no matter how many times you print the same thing it still cuts it off at the same spot . Try to add in some extra dots or text at the bottom of a document hoping it will cut those off instead does not work . . it still cuts off at the same spot . It is enough to drive a person insane .2 . Paper jams constantly for no apparent reason and they are a pain to get out .3 . Networking is not as easy as it sounds . No matter how many times I try no one in the house can print to it but me .4 . Photo printing is terrible ! Buy an Epson for that ! 5 . When you put in a photo card you have the option of sending the photos to your computer . . that does not work .6 . Top feed for faxing and copying does not work properly and half the time it draws your paper in sideways and crinkles the original.Positives : It is basically only good for faxing , copying and scanning -LRB- on glass only !! -RRB- . If you want any decent printing from it . . forget it!I am searching for my warranty paperwork right now and plan to get rid of it and get an Epson ! I am very disappointed and will probably never buy HP again because of it . It is a shame because I really was proud to promote the HP name at one time and now I am no longer proud to do so . NOT WORTH THE MONEY - OR THE ONE STAR AMAZON MADE ME GIVE IT !
 Like several other reviewers , I have found that the ink costs are several times higher than what is claimed in the HP literature . If you print more than a couple of hundred pages a month , this thing will hurt you . GO WITH A COLOR LASER.Pros -- print qualityCons -- ink cost , mediocre paper handling , inefficient automatic software update downloads , tech support seems to come with a different nationality every time I call , and I get very diverse opinions reflecting diverse tech support sources .
 This is my 4th HP product and not by choice.I will say the 1st one -LRB- several years older -RRB- worked fine but then the scanner stopped working so I bought a wireless HP because I thought it was just an older , over used unit.Well the new one kept dropping the unit & software.I spent HOURS and HOURS on the help chat & phone with HP.I took it back and got the same one , but the same problem.I could not find another wireless one locally and was worried about it staying connected , so I bought the 7680 , mainly for scanning business records , receipts , etc at the urging of my accountant.I installed the software , etc and everything seemed fine.I was out of the country for 4 weeks , and came back and it gave me an error message -LRB- paper jam . -RRB- There was no paper jam and after being on chat with HP for 2 days , I was told it was a hardware problem and had to be replaced.The store would not take it back after 14 days so HP would send a new one.Well , I got it and installed it and over the 1st day and a half , was going through all the functions to make sure they worked because of all the previous issues.Oh - to my surprise , the scanner does not work properly.You can scan and print and scan with Windows but not with HP software.I was on the chat with HP for 4 hours , with no solution.I bought this unit for scanning - so I could neatly file all my records.Can ' t do that now.I am caught in the Twilight zone.HP has a download jfix for this KNOWN issue , but I can not download because the unit is not connected to the computer-even though it is.HP will only replace this NEW unit with the same but what good is that?I have found that many other people have this problem.I guess I will have to run over this WORTHLESS HP OFFICEJET L7680 with my car.That is the only solution !
 This is probably one of the worst products I have ever purchased . It simply wo n't work . The first one I got did n't work at all . It never fed a single paper . After spending a day on the phone with HP support who tried to help me `` fix '' the printer although I insisted it was dead an needed a replacement , they finally agreed to replace it . The second one I got was a little bit better . At least it feeds paper sometimes , but only if you buy the very highest quality paper . If you feed it lighter , cheaper paper , or if it is even a millimeter out of alignment , you get yourself a paper jam.Something must have gone very wrong in the design phase of this one . It simply does n't seem to work .
 I bought this printer to replace a D135 . The printer software does not work with Vista . Flat out . One of the techs wanted me to format my hard drive on a new Sony Vaio so I could reinstall vista with the printer being the first device installed . Tech support in India sucks . Level 2 and 15 hours later could not get the software to communicate with the printer . Poor product .
 Worked fine , until I needed to feed from the ADF-Jammed every time , could not get to work . Then 35 days after I bought it , and put in a new black ink , said all 3 colors were missing or bad . After three online chats with mostly incompetent HP techs , I have to return it , pay 79.99 for a 3 year warranty , so I can avoid an overnight charge . . Not that any technology item works perfectly , but you would think a product work work perfectly out of the box for at least awhile . And the cost of the # 88 ink , well we wo n't go there ... Update
 I bought the HP Office Jet L7680 from Amazon and have been using it for a couple of weeks . In that time I 've used most of its major functions , and found it a very capable machine for printing and occasionally sending faxes of no more than a few pages in length . It 's worth the price , but I have two major complaints :1 -RRB- Putting a stack of 4-10 sheets in the bulk feeder often results in some of them sticking together . If you 're faxing several documents , you have to babysit to ensure they all get scanned .2 -RRB- The software is extremely clunky . Maybe I just have n't learned how to use it completely yet , but scanning a document and getting access to the scanned file was a real pain . I 'd much rather use the Windows scan wizard.Otherwise I found printing to be fast and crisp , and faxing flawless -LRB- except for the grabby page feeder -RRB- . I have only scanned a couple of simple line images so I ca n't attest to scanning quality.I 'd buy it again . >> > UPDATE 7/1/2010 < < < < Over the months I 've owned this printer , I 've learned to hate it . I would NOT buy it again and indeed I would never again buy an HP printer -LRB- after having owned several since the late 1980s -RRB- . The printer is kind of buggy . It crashes at least a couple of times a month and needs to be re-connected to my computer . The page feeder for the fax/scanner is lousy and frequently fails to feed . The interface is terrible , with the most frequently used functions hidden in a confusing bunch of menus . I could go on.But my main complaint is that HP 's software is just abysmally bad . The print driver itself is OK , if all you want to do is print . But if you want to use this all-in-one machine as a scanner , then good luck to you , because it 's almost impossible to get it to work at all , much less to produce an acceptable scan . To clarify the scan quality is mediocre for black-and-white pages , such as text , and totally awful for color photos . But even if the scan quality were better , you 're much better off buying a cheap scanner -LRB- like I did -RRB- , if only to avoid using HP 's ridiculous software.HP software how do I hate thee ? Let me count the ways.First it 's a resource hog , tying up your machine and slowing it down when you 're using it . Second it 's not at all intuitive and getting it to do what you want is a long and frustrating process of clicking inscrutable , unfamiliar icons and choosing non-intuitive commands that do n't do what you want and leave you with results that make no sense . Whatever happened to just scanning an image and having it save into the directory of your choice ? Why ca n't it be simple , HP ? Why complicate it with this stupid console approach ? Argh ! Third it conflicts with other software on my system . My computer ran better and faster after I uninstalled the HP software . Fourth it takes forever to load and switch between modes . Fifth it seems to be more about marketing HP products than about operating the one you already -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- own.OK there 's my off-the-cuff rant . Do n't buy this printer or any HP printer if you value ease of use .
 I got this printer from a friend , who bought it and never used it . It took me a few days to figure it all out . It came with missing parts so I had to order everything . Finally , when I got everything , I found that just the cartridges alone cost over time more than the printer itself . This is n't a revelation for a lot of people , but for me it was . If I were to buy a new printer , I would not go for this one . I would just settle for a black and white printer , a small simple one that just print out the documents I need . Color printing is very expensive . It 's also aggravatingly slow . This one has to align itself every time it is turned on . It takes at least 10-20 minutes . Its design is slick , but it 's unnecessary big , and to get it running is very complicated , even with the given directions . When one is as computer illiterate as I am , a color printer is n't a great idea . I would not recommend this product for the average person who just want to write and print out documents . My friend bought it and did n't have the patience to use it so she gave it to me . Now , it 's working , but when I thought about it , it was n't worth the effort , time and money , considering what I need to print . The more a printer is simplified , the better . Often , very sophisticated technology can make things very difficult for someone like .
 I HATE THIS PRINTER . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEYink is expensive and does not print as many pages as claimed -LRB- even when using low settings -RRB- . Ca n't print in black and white or grayscale when the color cartidges are low or empty . You must buy the expensive HP cartiridges . I wasted money on non HP refills to find out the machine rejects them and wo n't print . The auto feeder jams all the time . It also falsely indicates items are in the feeder . This forces scans from glass and to create one file for every scan . You must merge them later if you want a single file .
 This is a business All-In-One for scanning , faxing and printing . However I do not recommend relying on the fax or scanner for any critical business or personal use . The firmware on the printer is intentionally designed to disable scanner and fax functions if the printer encounters a problem with printing . They had to know that when they designed it , that the entire device is rendered useless if a print error occurs . If this was by a mistake and the product was released too early before they caught this glaring flaw , a simple firmware fix should have been released to allow users to bypass the error messages on the device . This would have allowed continued use of the fax and scanner until the print problem is rectified.The amount of ink cartridges I have purchased for a rarely used printer I estimate has cost me $ 16 per page in the life time of the printer . That does not include replacing the print head which is 80 % of the cost I paid for the printer . Since there are 2 print heads which seem designed to fail after a certain date , just like the ink cartridges it would cost more than the price of the printer to maintain the print heads . Again , I very rarely if ever use the device for printing.See question to HP support and the response below . -------------------- Question : I mainly use the L7680 to scan to memory from the front panel and very rarely use or need it for printing yet are always replacing expensive ink cartridges and are now are stuck with `` The following print head has a problem black/yellow -LSB- K/Y -RSB- '' . I have spent more than the price of the printer in replacing ink cartridges I do not use and now a print head problem.I tried the HP troubleshooting steps at -LSB- ... -RSB- and also a reset . Cleaning the print head worked at one point but nothing I do not can get rid of the error message now.Since I want to continue to use the L7680 for scanning , faxing and NOT printing how do I bypass the `` Print Head '' error message or any ink error messages for that matter so I can continue to use it for scanning.The L7680 is useless once the print head error message appears.HP response : There is no way to bypass error messages on the printer . You will need to replace the printhead having the issue if you want to continue using the printer for scanning and faxing . You might want to consider a standalone scanner which would not require ink or printheads to be replaced . Below is a link to the current scanners we have on shopping.hp.com.I am an HP employee . ---------------------------
 I consider this product a pure consumer fraud , they should warn us this high upkeep cost and develop reasonable priced replacement for the ink .
 Reading these reviews , I ca n't help but think of them as HP 's online funeral.I did n't buy this same model , but another HP Officejet around the same time as the rest of these folks , and had basically their same experience . Like many of them , I had been purchasing HP printers without a second thought , researching only enough to decide which model met my needs this time , for decades . The last one was indeed the last one . HP will never redeem itself in my eyes.Once the mighty have fallen , it 's a long hard climb back ...
 Put simply I have two major issuesd :1 . Ink is dated and it will not let you use it past the date without a lot of cancels , retries , etc. . I 've read where it also will measure your usage by time rather than use so sometimes when it says you are out of ink , you are not .2 . Never could get the scanner feeder to work . Many complaints about this on the web and despite updating drivers , etc several times , still no go.I 'm going to buy a cannon or other after reading more reviews . I have HP computers and like them but their printers have gone down the tubes .
 I have owned many HP printers over the years and have never really had a problem with any of them . I bought this from my local Staples on a whim - I usually dont buy printers before researching but they had a special on the machine so I went for it . I bought the machine for my home office partly because I scan most of my documents and I need the ability to scan legal size documents as well . Plus I needed a printer that could handle duplex scanning and also that could print out a few pictures now and then.B & W ; PRINTING
 I have had this printer less than six months and it has been replaced twice . I received the last one last week and it still is n't working correctly . I would recommend finding another printer , this one is terrible with lots of problem that ca n't seem to be corrected when you call hp
 I had a problem with the printer leaking ink . I have never used the printer , having bought the unit for the scanner and fax . After a couple of days the printer reported that the black cartridge was empty and had to be replaced . A week later it was reporting that the yellow cartridge was in the same state .
 This unit has never worked properly . First - software wo n't install properly in either Windows or Mac . I have never been able to use the various software features . Windows fails to recognise double-sided printing -LRB- though Mac does -RRB- . Second , Scanning through document loader always leads to crooked scans . Third , after 6 months , fatal `` printhead has a problem '' arose . Google this and you 'll see it 's a fatal non-recoverable problem with the unit . Printer now junked . DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 As a printer and fax machine , this machine performs its functions . But the extraordinary amount of software -LRB- be sure to use the custom function when installing , and use the most minimum number of software products -RRB- and the truly abysmal customer service make this a product to avoid . -LRB- I had one customer service rep tell me the machine that I received the day before was out of warranty , and then hang up on me . -RRB-
 I bought this to replace another HP all in one product that served me well . First printer showed up with ink cartridges in place - I should have been suspicious . During setup , before any paper was inserted , I kept getting a `` paper jam '' error instructing me to remove the rear duplexer . After dozens of tries and a call to HP , it was determined that the printer indeed had a `` hardware problem '' . Printer was swapped out the next day . I have now spent another hour trying to set up the darn -LRB- ! -RRB- thing & I am receiving the same error . Really , can it be me ? Now I see that other reviewers had the same exact problem . Even if I can resolve it , it 's going back . I do n't need a high-maintenance office product that is going to fail when I need it most . So disappointing !
 We set up the printer carefully and it seemed fine at first . A few days later , we tried printing , and the pages came out stained with ink . Opening up the printer revealed large black ink puddles in the area underneath where the print heads move . There was obviously an internal ink leak.I 've used many HP printers in the past , both at home and at work , so I was optimistic that HP would be helpful and efficient in fixing the problem . Little did I know , the frustrations were only beginning.The HP representative spoke minimal English and insisted on having me do all kinds of silly things to try to `` fix the problem '' . Nothing he suggested could possibly have cleaned up the ink leak , but I humored him . For more than two hours . By now , the moderate ink leak had turned into a giant horrible mess , with black ink spilling over the desk under the printer . The printer was now reporting that the black ink cartridge was empty -- i.e. , the entire contents of the cartridge had leaked out.To be clear , this was not a case of a bad support agent . The guy was obviously working from a series of scripts whose sole objective was to prevent them from fixing an obvoiusly defective product . From a `` bean-counter '' perspective , this probably saves HP a few dollars , but it 's an incredible waste of time for customers . And it resulted in ink spilling everywhere . -LRB- Should n't HP know that , if a customer calls with an ink leak , you do n't tell them to do things that will cause more ink to leak out ? -RRB- Meanwhile , the agent was still refusing to fix the printer and was insisting that I needed to get a new ink cartridge . Of course , adding more ink would just have caused more ink to leak out . -LRB- Also , the ink leak was on the right side of the printer and the cartridges on the left , so this could not conceivably have fixed the problem . -RRB- He was steadfastly refusing to replace the printer.Finally , I told the agent that I was going to post a description of what happened to Amazon , and he should tell this to his manager . A long time elapsed . Finally , he came back and said they would replace the printer after all.Another hour elapsed of trying to get the agent to enter the credit card information correctly . -LRB- HP neededs `` collateral '' before they 'll honor their warranty obligations , and the combination of a balky credit card approval system and an agent with awful typing and English skills meant the process took forever . -RRB- In summary : -- HP product quality is not what it used to be . -- HP support is the worst I 've ever experienced - ever . -- HP will refuse to honor its warranty obligations unless you threaten to post your experiences .
 Let me start by saying that I own an HP computer that I 'm very happy with , and I have owned several HP printers in the past that have been reliable long term performers -LRB- the last being an Officejet G85 -RRB- . This printer is a piece of junk . With the first L7680 I had to jump through many hoops dealing with HP support -LRB- not very helpful and they wanted to charge me to get it to work out of the box ! -RRB- . Finally , I had to download an update to my BIOS so that I could turn on my HP computer with the L7680 turned on . Also , had an issue with color printing -LRB- did n't print red -RRB- so the support told me to take out the cartridge and shake it . This worked temporarily . Fast forward a week and only blue prints for a while , and then nothing worked colorwise and they told me I needed new printheads . I took it back to the store and got another L7680 . This one would n't load paper to print without jamming.Went back and got an older and cheaper model -LRB- that they are phasing out -RRB- Officejet 7310 -LRB- it feels more substantial and well put together than the newer model -RRB- and am so far happy with it -LRB- my fingers are crossed -RRB- . This new Vivera print ink system -LRB- 3 separate color cartridges -RRB- is getting a lot of hype , but if my experience is representative , they need to go back to the old more reliable single Tricolor cartridge setup . Save yourself stress and money and do n't buy this printer until they get their design and/or manufacturing issues sorted out .
 Where can I begin to say how bad this product -LRB- and support -RRB- is.Firstly , if you are using it in wireless mode -LRB- e.g. physically connect it to a wireless router , and then use a wireless connection from your computer to print -RRB- this product is AWFUL . You have to un-install and re-install the software every time there is a problem with the wireless router ! I 'm not kidding , this has happened several times , and on two different computers with two different versions of XP , a problem with the router -LRB- for example , it gets reset -RRB- means that you have to un-install and re-install the software . Which means you need to re-configure the software each time - what a waste of time . Despite repeated calls to HP , and despite the fact that all the configuration information in the installation is ok in the control panel , something in the software is blitzed and you must re-install . Oh , and did I mention , that un-installing is for some reason never straightforward , and that each HP support technician has their own method of uninstalling ? Some get you to use windows add/remove programs interface , some get you to use the util \ ccc \ uninstall_l3.bat utility -LRB- which takes hours to complete -RRB- . Un-install and re-install is ridiculously time-consuming and often requires help from HP - which you have to pay for once your warranty is up . I 'm appalled by the thought that this expensive printer is going to cost me even more money by having to either extend my warranty or purchase per-call support at the end of the year.The software portion of this printer -LRB- e.g. the driver on the computer -RRB- is a complete mess , it takes ages to install and is very clunky to use for scanning etc. . Scanning and faxing work ok , it is the usability that is a problem.Another thing is that the cartridges are supposed to last for a few thousand copies , but I keep getting error messages that the cartridge is going to run out - the one that I just bought . Hmmmm.But probably the worst thing is how incredibly bad HP support is . I mean truly , major-leage , epic badness . Not all companies provide disgraceful overseas support -LRB- dell for example -RRB- but HP does . The canadian support is not terrible but it is n't great . This is a product that requires a lot of support and it is n't a cheap printer . I was so disgusted with HP support that I called HP to complain and went through their labyrinthine , kafka-esque system to register a complaint . Finally , after days of trying , I had a surreal conversation with someone at HP where I kept explaining that many of the technicians on the support desk had inadequate training and could not understand the problems , and he kept replying `` you mean they have a thick accent ? '' and I kept explaining no , the accent was not the problem , the problem was that they could not understand the technical problem . `` Oh '' he 'd reply `` you mean they have a thick accent '' ? My old non-HP printer ran out of cartridges quickly and I thought it would be ` convenient ' to have a printer that had longer-lasting cartridges . How wrong I was.How come I have the time to write such a long review ? Gosh , it must because I 'm running yet another uninstall ... Unfortunately , I do n't have any advice on what type of printer to buy , but I would say , definitely do n't buy this one . And if you do buy an HP printer , make sure it 's one that you are confident will not need any support . This is definitely a printer to avoid.Update to this review on 1.24.8 with two important points -LRB- I feel so sorry for the folks who have posted positive reviews after owning this printer for a short time . They have no idea what awaits them ! -RRB- . I felt I should take the time to include this information so that other potential buyers can have information as to what they can expect from HP :1 . HP evidently do not think it is their responsibility to provide software that actually works with their printers . I had an intensely frustrating and ridiculous conversation with an HP escalations manager called Kathy who told me that HP could not provide a refund for this machine because some functions worked stand-alone -LRB- e.g. copying -RRB- . I pointed out that on two different XP machines the software needed to constantly be re-installed over and over again , and that it took an hour to de-install and an hour to re-install , and that this was n't acceptible , and it made the printers simply unusable . She disagreed , stating that the hardware itself was ok -LRB- which is largely true , apart from the odd paper jam and erroneous low-ink warning -RRB- . I countered by pointing out that you ca n't print or scan to a computer without software , and that therefore this printer is simply unusable without drivers that , you know , actually work . Here is an excerpt of the conversation : `` are you seriously telling me that HP have no responsibility to provide software that works ? '' `` I 'm not going to argue with you '' `` I 'm not asking you to argue with me , I 'm trying to clarify what you are saying
 This is supposed to be an office product right ? One might think that an automatic document feeder is most useful when scanning multipage/large documents , right ? So it would probably be highly desirable to have a means of scanning 8.5 x 11 documents into . pdf instead of having an autocrop function that you ca n't turn off , no way to set any default to always scan at 8.5 x 11 , and not have to manually resize every page that you scan?Tech Support told me that they took that functionality out of the software so consumers could scan pictures - on an office system ? Using a document feeder ? Oh , and then suggested I reload software.As a printer , it would be very very nice if there was actually a way to stop the unit from printing a blank separator page before and after every document.Could just be I 'm picky ...
 I 've owned a total of at least six or seven HP printers over the years , so when my `` all in one '' died , I decided to go with their latest/greatest L7680 model.Big mistake . The printer is decent enough , but for what I need most , namely the scanner , this is SIGNIFICANTLY worse than earlier models.It may be that the problem is the new , definitely not-improved software . For individual scans from the flat glass , it 's no longer possible to adjust an out-of-kilter photo by one or two degrees -- it 's ninety degrees or nothing . But that 's minor compared to what happens when you want to scan a longer document -LRB- after all , what else would that document feeder on top be for ? -RRB- . There 's no way to tell the machine that you 're using 8.5 '' x 11 '' sheets ; instead , the machine takes three to five times as long as earlier HP scanners or all-in-ones , randomly makes every sheet a different size -LRB- cutting off text on many pages , making others impossibly big -RRB- , then saves a pdf file that -LRB- I kid you not -RRB- is roughly twenty times bigger than files from the older machines.I have burned up countless hours with HP 's technical `` support '' people in India , and at the end of each multi-hour session , they get around to telling me what they could have told me in the first few minutes
 I read the reviews for this and similar multifunction printers from HP . Lots of reviewers complained about SVCHOST.EXE eating up too much CPU time . I decided to purchase the printer anyway and try my luck.The other reviewers were right . As soon as I loaded the printer software SVCHOST.EXE started using lots of CPU time and slowing things down.I went through several iterations on the HP email support site with no resolution to the problem.I uninstalled all the software and downloaded the most recent version of the software from the HP web site . When I installed the updated software I still had the same problem , plus I lost duplex printing.I uninstalled that software and installed only the basic driver software . The printer/scanner/copier works ok this way , but I have lost a number of features that I paid for . For example
 HP has finally done it with the HP L7680 All-in-one . It 's produced a product that does nothing well . I do not use this printer as a production printer but I do use it to print occasional emails or 5-6 page documents . I also use it to scan business reciepts . Today , in a rush , I made the mistake of attempting to use this printer for a 220 page document . With a NEW black cartridge it got to page # 24 -LRB- after printing the previous + / - 180 -RRB- and came up with a message of '' ... not enough ink to ensure printer health ... '' . It 's the blcak cartridge and the print looks just fine but I can not proceed until/unless I replace the cartridge . Again I say , it will not print ! I 've owned printers from the dot-matrix days and this is the worse inkjet I 've ever had , period . And for scanning ? It eats and mangles pages at an alarming rate.Having had light use I do n't think it too much to ask for reliabilty when I need it . I 've learned to use the scanner but only as a flatbed but this print issue has drove me to this post . Save your time and money . I 'm not in a position to say do n't by HP but I 'll sure be looking around ... carefully looking around .
 This printer is not worth the huge price tag . It 's incredibly clunky and loud , the ink cartridges are very expensive , and it has printheads that repeatedly fail -LRB- at $ 57 and change each -RRB- . It 's a totally unreliable piece of junk . I 'll never buy an HP printer again !
 I have two of these printers and have had nothing but trouble -- avoid these like the plague . Numerous print quality issues -- wo n't print in cyan , streaks in black -- and HP 's solutions are to replace the expensive ink cartridges and even more expensive print heads . HP support is abysmal . I will probably never purchase an HP product again after this experience .
 NOTICE OF SETTLEMENTIf you purchased a HP inkjet printer , you may benefit from a Proposed Class Action Settlement.READ THIS NOTICE CAREFULLY . YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS ARE AFFECTED WHETHER YOU ACT OR DO NOT ACT . PLEASE CHECK THE SETTLEMENT WEBSITE AT -LSB- ... -RSB- REGULARLY FOR UPDATES AND FURTHER DETAILSThe Federal Court authorized this Notice . This is not a solicitation from a lawyer . * A Proposed Settlement has been reached in three class action lawsuits involving certain HP printers . The first lawsuit -LRB- Ciolino -RRB- claims that certain HP inkjet printers used `` low on ink '' messaging technology to indicate that replacement of a cartridge is needed when the cartridge is not empty and is capable of additional printing , and that this technology confused customers into prematurely replacing their inkjet cartridges . The second lawsuit -LRB- Rich -RRB- claims that certain HP color inkjet printers used color ink in addition to black ink when printing black text and images without disclosing this to consumers and without providing consumers with the option of disabling this feature , that HP misrepresented and/or failed to disclose the actual page yield for the products at issue -LRB- including the true basis for the page yield and cost per page information pro vided to consumers -RRB- , and that HP failed to disclose its use of color ink when printing black in connection with stating its page yields . The third lawsuit -LRB- Blennis -RRB- claims that HP designed certain inkjet printers and cartridges to shut down on an undisclosed expiration date , and that at this point consumers are prevented from using any ink remaining in the expired cartridge and from using all of the printer 's functions until the expired cartridge is replaced . HP denies all these claims . The Court did not rule in favor of either party . Instead , the parties agreed to a Proposed Settlement in order to avoid the expense and risks of continuing the lawsuit . * Your legal rights may be affected whether you act or do not act . Read this notice carefully . * If you are eligible , the Proposed Settlement may provide an e-credit for future purchases of printers and printer supplies offered at -LSB- ... -RSB- . Any e-credits received as part of the settlement can only be used at -LSB- ... -RSB- . * You are a Class Member if you purchased or received as a gift in the United States an HP printer that is listed here during the period of September 6 , 2001 , to September 1 , 2010 . See questions 5-6 for further information * You are not part of the class if you
 I purchased this printer believeing it was a reliable commercial grade printer . Boy was I wrong . It loves to jam up whenever a paper with even the slightest bend goes through it . After owning it for 2 weeks it malfunctioned and began spitting out junk . I spent over 6 hours with tech support and they were completely unhelpfull . I emailed amazon and they were happy to send me a new one . I accepted their kind offer.After another month I 'm saddend to say this one is spitting out junk as well . I found out this problem is becoming common with these models . I 'm returning this one and I will buy something else . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy it .
 I am on my second 7680 and frankly I wish I had never purchased it . I have accessed many tech sites and all say the same . Fails to install , and hangs up at 96 % during the installation . Scanner will not work either except with MS own software.The worst part is that HP knows about it and will not do anything to fix the issue.Do not purchase this product as the only install that works is the initial time . If you have to do the installation a second time , you will have to rebuild your system to get it to work .
 The good : - The features were ideal for my small office environment . I wanted medium-duty scanning/printing/copying , maybe send the occasional fax . I liked the duplexing capability for scanning/printing/copying using the automatic document feeder -LRB- ADF -RRB- . - Setup/installation/operation was pretty easy . I did n't get into too many advanced functions while I had it.The bad
 As a former HP employee I have had a special loyalty for the company over the years and considered their products to be among the best engineered and manufactured around . Unfortunately the L7680 printer has been a big disappointment . I bought my unit about a year ago -LRB- March ' 08 -RRB- and the first one arrived DOA . Amazon was great and replaced it very quickly , the second one worked for about 45 days and then failed . After working with HP support for several days they finally replaced it under their warranty program . Since I received the second unit it has been printing fine and has very clear color and black and white print . But , it continues to make popping sounds in the paper feeder and regularly tells me paper tray is empty when it has 50 or 75 sheets . The construction also seems to be very flimsy , the door to the ink cartridge area has a small plastic latch which cracked after several months and I now have to use a piece of tape to hold the door shut . I will continue to buy HP PC 's and storage but will think twice before I purchase more any more printers.HP Officejet Pro L7680 All-in-One - Multifunction -LRB- color -RRB- - ink-jet - copying -LRB- up to -RRB-
 After 4 hours of trying to install the print driver , PLUS two calls to tech support -LRB- one of which lasted over an hour and one where I was on hold for 30 minutes and then disconnected -RRB- and an abortive tech support chat session , I am sending this printer back.I am running Vista and for some reason the installation fails 3/4 of the way through . I literally tried a dozen times -- from the CD , downloading two different versions from the site . When tech support told me to uninstall , restart and try again for the 5th time , I popped my gasket .
 Printer worked for about 2 months , then it gave an error that the YK cartridge was empty . OK , replaced with a new genuine HP cartridge -LRB- $ 55 -RRB- but the printer would not get past the `` Aligning & Calibrating Printer - Please Wait '' . After a quite a few hours of tech support I bought another genuine HP cartridge but still the same error . Many hours of tech support and two replacement units later I still have the same problem ! Since I was past the 21 day return window HP wo n't take it back . The replacement units do n't ship with a couple of parts which you take off your old printer so now they think that 's the problem . Alright , the bottom line is it may take a long time to get your unit fixed . I 've had to buy another printer so now I 'm stuck with a L7680 that still does n't work and now I do n't need it . It 's been very frustrating and time consuming working with HP support . I would recommend buying a higher rated product or one that does n't cost as much so you can just throw it in the dumpster when it breaks .
 I bought the HP L7680 all in one office printer and it jammed the first week . This printer is nearly impossible to unjam if it jams internally . I can only say if you buy a printer make sure that the ink cartridges do not have chips in them . The ink for the 7680 is extremely expensive and I have found the you can print about half of what hp claims . You can extend the life of an empty cartridge by a month or so -LRB- using a refill kit and drill tapping the back side of the plastic ink bag frame -RRB- , but it is not worth it because the printer monitors the chip and once it estimates the cartridge is empty it just stops . Overall I will not buy HP again !
 So disappointing . I had the earlier HP 3020 and it worked great . Then I got Leopard on my Mac , and discovered that it would n't work . So I got this machine based on its great reviews . The scans are basic . 1 -RRB- You can not rotate the document , page by page . 2 -RRB- You can not add to the scanned document by adding pages after the initial scan , or using the feeder for some pages and the flatbed for others .
 Bought this printer one month ago , and I am completely disgusted . I use an IMAC , and the printer is networked with Airport Extreme , which was a trial . It prints photos on slick photo paper with dark lines left beween sweeps of the printer heads . Have already tried realigning print heads repeatedly . I have been on the phone with HP support , and they want to charge me for help . Continually misfeeds paper , which requires opening the cover to correct . Once you clear the jam and close the cover , you must wait for the printer to complete and run through a maddeningly lengthy -LRB- 45 + seconds !! -RRB- rumination of self-tests and gyrations -- we joked that it brings to mind an obnoxious dog slurping away at its you-know-what . I have owned several HP printers , and they have been durable and trouble free . This however , will be the last HP product I buy .
 We have only printed 2300 pages off the HP OfficeJet Pro L7680 and have encountered lots of print head problems . Basically it comes up with an error message stating to replace the Print Head Y/K on the Printer 's LCD . There is no way to get around this error and cleaning techniques for the Print Head offered on HP website do not work . The printer does not even have enough pages printed on it to justify replacing the print heads . The printer is expensive but the print heads can set you back $ 70 . Our printer is out of warranty . For the amount of money you will spend in print heads and ink jet cartridges it is just not worth it and mostly it has just been a big hassle . So if you want to deal with constant headaches and expensive replacements this is the printer for you . The print heads come with a warranty but so far our replacement only lasted 2 weeks and the same error message has come back . It 's kind of a shame because for the most part this is the first all in one that actually could do the job but unfortunately we ca n't keep throwing time and money on it dealing with the Print Head issue .
 The Good
 I 've written an earlier review pointing out a huge problem with this unit.If you use a 7600 series all in one to print on brochure paper , even with HP brochure paper , the Vivera ink smears . All attempts to remedy the problem with the Help Center will prove time consuming , frustrating , and useless . Although all evidence the problem lies in the chemistry of the Vivera ink - probably the black ink only - no one in customer service will acknowledge this , and in my case actually sent out two replacement printers in an attempt to remedy the problem . Of course same ink , same problem . Soooooo ... Solution
 I stand beside the growing population of reviewers that are complaining about the scanning software for the HP Officejet Pro L7680 . It does not work ! I can get it to scan to hard copy but forget trying to scan to a file.I can get this to work sometimes by uninstalling and reinstalling the HP drivers . Oh , what fun that is ! Then I will go to use the scan-to-file feature several days later to find that it spontaneously reports `` No Scan Options - Refer to device documentation to troubleshoot . '' . The documentation does not help as suggested by the error advisory so I surf the net and learn that uninstalling the drivers and reinstalling them seems to work . It 's easier to drive to Kinkos than it is to do this when I need to scan to file.If you are considering buying this product to use for scanning documents to a file then YOU WILL BE SERIOUSLY DISAPPOINTED AND FRUSTRATED . Do n't take my word for it , surf around yourself . It 's amazing how many people have gone through the trouble to document this problem on review articles which indicates a very real problem .
 I bought the HP 7680 to replace an HP D135 . Reviewers of the D135 said it was noisy , so I did n't really stress out over reviewers saying the same about the 7680 . The HP 7680 is noisier by several magnitudes!Yikes ! It clunks and and bangs and knocks . If you 're putting it in another room -- or if you work in a big room with lots of other people , you probably wo n't notice it . But Jeez Louise , if you have a home office , it will really be annoying.And the reviewers who commented on the flimsy plastic feel of this machine were absolutely right . I 've had other HP products , and they cut all kinds of corners on putting this together . Most annoying , the door to the ink compartment wo n't close -- and the machine wo n't run unless it 's closed . I used duct tape . But what does that say about the machine ? Using duct tape first thing out of the box ? No way.It prints great . I 'm reasonably sure that all the other functions work . But I ca n't get past the noise and the flimsy . I 'm taking it back tomorrow .
 this is the last time i will ever buy an hp product . not only did this product arrive dead in the box but after speaking with 3 people -LRB- none of which had english as a first language -RRB- i was asked the same questions over and over and not one bit of progress was made.i do n't care where the call center is , but if you sell a product in an english market to an english speaker for godsake , get some tech support that can speak to me so i can understand.this is the 3rd bs product from hp and the last.i have no review of the actual product because it never worked.urgh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have been a HP supporter for many years , and finally replaced an old VERY reliable printer because I could n't get the ink cartridges anymore . The new Office Jet Pro has been NOTHING BUT a headache !!! I have to date spent over 14 hours on the phone/on line with customer service . It has 2 issues . First it wont communicate with my plain-old normal W XP . After multiple software patches it will do everything BUT fax from my computer.Issue # 2 , it keeps telling me that the ink cartridges are empty , they have been replaced 5 TIMES !!!! Wo n't buy HP again .
 Impressive specs but they are only specs.Digital filing does not work properly . It will save corrupt pdf files . No error messages.Media slots will read OK for printing pictures , but again , digital scanning to he media is not reliable.Contacting HP support is something out of the twilight zone . A waste of time.It seems the `` firmware '' shipped with this AiO is not fully tested . This is a `` beta '' printer from HP . You will pay $ 300 + for the privilege to be a product tester for HP : - -RRB-
 Well this is my fourth HP printer to dispose of . Basically they last a year until they start having feed problems . Warranty support is non-existent . Ink is exorbitantly priced . Software is bloatware that comes with all sorts of add-ins you will never use . The unit inexplicable goes into a system check at random times , or more appropriately it senses your urgency to get the printed document before deciding if it will make you wait an extra 3 minutes . I 've bought my last HP printer and I 'll lobby Costco to stop carrying them .
 I thought I was a happy HP customer , having purchased for my small business 2 Officejet Pro L7000 series printers . However , both of them died a little over a year of light service with a message about the printhead . Even replacing the printhead does not fix the problem and the whole printer needs to be scrapped . Both of them were a couple months out of warranty . What is puzzling is that both of them died with the same hardware problem , as identified by HP Support . The first one dying I could accept as the luck of the draw . But the second one dying a couple months later is unacceptable . After spending hours with HP Support , online and over the phone and escalating the problem , I was repeatedly told it 's out of warranty . I insisted that is is unlikely that both printers would die so soon after warranty expiration AND with the SAME problem , but I was told , there is nothing HP can do , please buy another HP Printer to replace it.Well , my answer and a warning to all interested HP Buyers is
 This has been my primary printer at home for almost a year . I 've only printed around 1000 pages and scanned about 200 . Initially the printer arrived with a bad power supply . As I remember receiving a replacement from HP was not too difficult.However , I would not recommend this printer for the following reasons : - The application crashes and often requires rebooting to work . - It frequently creates PDF that will not open . Acrobat says the file is damaged . - The sheet feeder works poorly . It reports a paper jam for no reason and the scans are very crooked . - The `` Digital Filing '' has connection problems . It often takes a few tries to scan directly to a network location . - The process of scanning is slow and will sometimes fail . It may report an error and tell you to restart the job or it may just abort and return to the menu.I 've given it a year , and I 'm ready to start shopping for a new printer ...
 This printer never worked for us -- even out of the box . It cuts off parts of text -LRB- which is a common error with this printer -RRB- , and the duplex printing was a pain . I rarely write reviews because I do n't have time , which is why this will be short , but I urge you not to buy this printer . It is wrong to dish over so much money to HP for a printer that is known not to work well . Do n't take the risk . This is a heavy printer , and you do n't want to pay for shipping to return it .
 The printer performed adequately up until the point I upgraded the MAC OS to 10.6 . The OCR stopped working , and after useless attempts at communicating via e-mail , an hour waiting on the help line , they informed me that OCR software is not theirs , and I can buy it elsewhere for a $ 100 . Nowhere on their web site does it state that the software will stop working if you upgrade the OS , the information that is there is incorrect . DO NOT buy the printer - the support makes it unusable .
 Nothing but problems since the beginning . Problems with two sided printing -LRB- paper jams -RRB- . Problems with scanning -LRB- locks up and does nothing -RRB- . Problems with ink cartridges -LRB- says new ones are empty -RRB- . Avoid like the plague . I wo n't purchase HP again .
 I 've owned this one for some time , using it with Vista . Its decent , not great , especially for the price . Today I tried to download a complete software package which would allow all features to be utilized with my newly installed Windows 7 -LRB- 64 bit -RRB- . The HP website says the package will not be ready til January 2010 -LRB- if you believe that -RRB- . Why pay for a expensive printer if it wont do what you want it to do -LRB- like scan from the desktop software etc -RRB- . Shop very carefully if you are `` upgrading '' to Windows 7 . Same old compatibility story as with every provious version of Windows ... I great opportunuity for hardware dealers to get you to spend more money.Microsoft and HP strike again.A 07/2010 Note
 This is the worst piece of @ # ? $ I have ever bought ! The unfortunate thing is I bought two at the same time . One for the office and one for my personal use . The software for this printer is a nightmare . Since it does not seem to be able to update when prompted without generating some crypyic error message it continually pings you to update which is maddening . It will not scan to anything but Adobe and then the only way to do that is through the Adobe program itself . Adobe recognizes the printer but the printer recognizes nothing.Even worse than the buggy software is the issue many other reviewers have referenced . You can not complete a full copy job of more than 4 pages without this printer jamming and sucking the last page into it 's bowels . You have to literally feed jobs in 4 pages at a time . I have experienced the same problems on both printers . One of my employees actually got on her knees this week and begged for a replacement!Finally do not even try to get help from HP support ! Total incompetency ! I called on the issue regarding the faulty feeding of paper when making multiple copies and they told me to get out a bottle of alcohol and to clean the print heads . I pointed out that the issue was not that I was getting streaking or bad print copies but that I could not get the printer to feed . Regardless they said they were supposed to go through certain specified steps and they had to occur in the prescribed order . Needless to say I was on the phone for 2 and a half hours before the tech said he would have to escalate the issue to the next level because he ran out of steps . He then lost my call on the transfer . After being on hold for another 45 minutes I had to repeat the whole problem again and they started down the same friggin list ... in summary HP could not solve the problem and the printer just went off warranty ... how opportune ! Also I could barely understand the thick accent and this irritated the tech to no end . Today both printers go to the dumpster and I will buy replacements but be assured I will never buy another HP !!!
 It jams too often and you can not get to the jammed paper easily , it tells you its out of ink when it is n't , it wo n't print in black & white when yellow ink is low , ink is very expensive , the document feeder is unreliable , but the print quality is good . Now if only the rest of it was , but I wonder if there are any good , reliable printers out there at all ?
 Ever since I bought my first laser printer in the 1990s , I have been a huge fan of Hewlett Packard printers and have never bought any other brand . That may change after purchasing this turkey . It drives me crazy . Its software is buggy and about four months ago one of its processes began suddenly eating up 47-50 % of my processing with some routine that loads itself , crashes and does the same all over again , endlessly . Every time I turn on my computer I have to disable that process . Moreover , when I scan things , I get error messages all the time and have to re-do the scans.No matter what I try , I ca n't seem to stop this stupid printer from checking for updates , as if this were something that could be affected by viruses . IT IS A PRINTER , for crying out loud . It runs out of ink fast and began telling me after I had it only for a few months that I had to replace the printer head -LRB- and it is not as if I use it often ; I do n't -RRB- . I so want to take a sledgehammer to this printer . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 The L7680 looks impressive , well documented , and easy to use . When it works the print quality and scan quality is excellent . Unfortunately the software does not execute as it should and gives errors during setup . After several install - fail - delete - re-install episodes -LRB- another 8 hours in the trash -RRB- I finally got it to work . However , only when hooked straight to pc . Just gave up on the ethernet connection . The program is nag-ware and is not light on the system resources when running in pc tray as designed . The printer is suppossed to print both sides - a major reason I got this . Spent another half day on phone with annoying tech support and not much to show for it . It jams most of the time - even with dry time set for as long as possible . Jams equally well with either HP or Xerox branded papers - so not a paper issue ! It is a poor printer design issue . HP should be made to issue a re-call of these . Note the abysmal rating it has earned - too bad I got mine before all this came to light ! What good are the nice features , etc. if it does n't work ? I would NOT recommend to a friend .
 I have had this printer for about two years of moderate use . The advertised feature list hit every requirement I had , but the reality I quickly had to accept was that anything other than the most straightforward printing function was likely to end in frustration and wasted time . I 'd recommend you assess this series of printers not in terms of price for feature/function , but price compared to other very basic printers.Issues of HP bloatware aside - well documented in others ' comments - I 'll begin with a positive and say I found the network printing capabilities of the printer to work fine . Digital filing functionality , however , was extremely slow and cumbersome - rather than trying to scan to pre-configured network storage directories as I did , I should have just scanned to a USB thumb drive and then moved the file to the desired directory.Scanning and faxing through the document feeder rarely went without a hitch . Jams , skewed copies , etc. were far more the rule than the exception . I normally wound up doing page by page manual scanning on any multi-page document . Most recently , the scan/fax function has ceased working altogether . It sounds as though the drive mechanism for the scanner is stripped out - when I hit `` scan '' there is a loud screeching noise and I have to shut down the printer and reboot it to resume regular printing.The automated `` replace ink cartridge '' messaging seems to begin about halfway through a cartridge 's actual life and is annoying . The HP 88 cartridges do seem very expensive and short lived.Having owned nothing but HP printers before , I think this will be the one that officially did me in . HP should take the lesson that delivering half the features at the same price , but delivered them in a product that is stable and reliable , is a far better way to build customer loyalty . I come away believing this printer was largely a piece of junk and it would be tough to go with HP again .
 Got it cheap ... although the ink cost more than the machine . It works OK as a standalone but for some reason the driver locks up Internet Explorer and the advertised solution is to NOT have this printer as your default - if you have the L7680 driver as your default it will lock up IE when you exit.Software wo n't work properly with VISTA . Ca n't scan using the software but have to do some funky workarounds to get it to do what you want.This is NOT a VISTA ready project ... and despite indications that HP was working on a proper driver , it has still not been forthcoming.NO more HP products for me ...
 Unfortunately this uses the vivera ink from HP . If it gets damp -LRB- eg . you are sweaty any you pick up the printout -RRB- it runs .
 I purchased this printer after doing extensive research and reading through lots of reviews . Got a good deal on it too with the instant $ -LSB- ... -RSB- rebate . I am know fully regretting the purchase . If you need to talk to HP support , which you will , you will understand my frustration . HP is absolutely the worst company to deal with.The scanner looks good after you put the thing together yourself as it comes in pieces . Setup is a little tricky and although I am very technical required our IT team to assist . The printing and scanning functions are very noisy . I have had constant problems with the scanner not scanning particular documents . Most documents will scan fine but occasionally it will get a document it ca n't scan and when you try to open the file it says it is damaged no matter how many attempts to scan it . When this happens I am able to scan them just fine first try on a much much older HP unit.The product description claims you can print 2,450 b/w pages or 1,700 color pages . I have n't even really gotten to use the printer due to all the problems and have only printed 260 pages mostly b/w . Already I am almost out of ink and this is with the genuine HP cartridges it shipped with.Overall I think that the printer could have had potential perhaps if it were built by a company other than HP . Do n't get me wrong I have never had a bad experience with HP in the past . But I do n't think I will ever purchase another one of their products after purchasing this printer . Why a much HP model can perform just fine and this one ca n't is beyond me . When I try to call customer support I feel as if I am the one offering the support . If all you need is something for around the house and do n't need to rely on the printer/scanner/fax then it might work for you . If however you expect the product to perform as advertised then be warned .
 I have owned several HP products over the years and have had mixed feelings about the company and their products but kept on buying out of habit and the fact the company at one time was a leader in the arenas in which they chose to participate . My biggest complaint was high priced ink cartridges before but this was about to change -- for the worse.I decide to get rid of some of the clutter on my home office desk and get rid of a HP Photoshop 7000 series printer , a Brother fax machine and a HP 5200 series scanner . My nightmare would begin very soon . The shipment from Amazon arrived in just a few days from Atlanta and was in good condition . I assembled the machine exactly as they instructions showed but after the installation on my computer the machine failed to work . The problem was simple and I was simple minded but unaware of the issues to come . I called HP and spent 35min . and 53 sec . on the phone with a pleasant but clueless person in what I guessed to be India . Nice but had no knowledge of English or how to listen and solve a problem . Bad combo for a customer service rep for the US company and their US buyers . He finally said he would get me a higher level service person who kept trying to get me to buy a service plan . This was deja vu , as the same thing had happened a year and a half ago when I called and tried to get help for the dial up modem for my laptop at a Sacremento hotel with no wireless internet-wasted an hour and a half that time but my cell phone battery died and saved me from the idiots at HP overseas.I sent emails to HP service and to their executive offices through their company web site . A day later I received an answer that solved the problem . The sender did n't know that they solved the problem but in the next to the last paragraph was info that led me to overide tha lack of a back door on the machine and viola , it worked until the part came several days later.I got a phone message from the HP execs too -- unfortunately the oriental voice butchered the number so badly that I could n't figure it out to return the call.All is well that ends well . Well this is n't over . HP has a problem that they do n't reveal or announce in the packaging or on the web site . Evidently Microsoft has issues with this 7600 series machine and installing it so the scanner will work . Short story of a long fix -- I had to go into the computer directory and make changes to the system and then reload the software . Great , as it would now scan and print.Not so fast my friend . It may scan but it ca n't save it to the computer . Scan as many pages as you want but only the first page will save to the computer . Frustrating as heck.After a week of trying I notice you can scan to a memory device . I do it and it works . Great -- problem solved . Just scan to a USB thumb drive and then put it into a port on the computer and save to a file . It works but is cumbersome and time consuming.Oh well , now everything is sort of perfect . NO , not really . Remember , this is a nightmare . The feeder has more traction on one side than the other even if the rollers are cleaned with denatured alcohol . Results ? crooked scans and copies.The End . HP sux ! I will never buy one of their products again or allow anyone in my companies to purchase a HP product of any type . They finally broke me of a bad habit -- buying their products.The END !
 The Vivera inks -LRB- # 88 -RRB- for the OfficeJet L7680 multifunction are highly touted by HP . What is NOT mentioned is that they are not water resistent -LRB- nevermind waterproof -RRB- and smudge easily with even damp hands . Further , rather that being `` archival '' the colors fade quickly , in mere months exposed to flourescent lighting . The unit itself works fine but do not even think about it for photo printing and think twice about using it for normal color business printing if you plan on handing it out to customers . It 's way past the 30 days I can return now , but I would send it back if I could .
 Where do I begin ? I 'm a former HP employee , a software and hardware engineer with many years of product development experience . Ease of use , good documentation , solid design , good reliability and expert customer support is important to me . I have a small home office with a mixture of PC and Mac computers using 2Wire and an Apple Extreme Base Station -LRB- AEBS -RRB- 802.11 n routers . I wanted to replace my useful but worn out , HP laserjet 3330 printer with something current and power efficient , so I decided to purchase the Officejet Pro L7680 , which I now regret . Here are the issues :1 . Does not work through the USB port with the Apple Extreme Base Station 802.11 n . It must be configured through the ethernet port . It does not specify this in the user manual . After wasting several hours of my valuable weekend time , I called the HP Mac tech support in Canada . They informed me the USB interface will not work with the AEBS 802.11 n and I needed to configure through the ethernet port . Fine , so I had to uninstall the software on the Macs and PCs and reinstall , I could n't update via the installed software . More time wasted .2 . After installing on the PCs via the USB port , I had to uninstall and reinstall using the `` wired/wireless network '' connection . After several failed attempts , I had to figure out how to turn off the PC Microsoft firewall . Of course there are no instructions and the web instructions on the web were varied , most with little expert content . Finally after more time wasted , I got the ethernet configurations to work on both the PC and the Mac .3 . It 's tax season and I live with an accountant who needs to print many pages and copy many pages for each client . The L7680 only has enough memory to copy 5 collated pages !!! This is a huge product flaw . I called the PC support people in India and asked if there was a way to add memory or reduce the resolution . Intially they said no but would check . After waiting on hold for 30 minutes , they finally hung up on me . This is horrible customer service.Bottom line
 Got our 7680 in June . First impression was that the printing and copying -LRB- which we use 95 % of the time -RRB- were good quality . The machine makes all kinds of clicking and clacking noises at startup , and the startup time is long . Three months in , and we got a paper jam we could n't fix . Technical Support in India was difficult to understand , and after 1.75 hours , gave up and sent us another machine . Machine # 2 had a fax hardware failure during installation . Again , Tech support spent another 1.5 hours , gave up and sent machine # 3 . Machine # 3 had the same fax hardware failure . Our `` Case Manager '' sent us a `` sister '' model -LRB- # 7780 -RRB- , and guess what ? - Same fax failure . We ca n't be the only customers who 've reported this fax issue , but HP swears we 're the only ones ... We 're so fed up , we do n't know whether to send all four machines back for a refund , or just be lazy , keep the machine and buy a separate fax machine somewhere else . HP has lost me as a customer .
 If it was n't for the cost of ink I 'd love this printer . More on that later plus a way to cut ink costs by 90 % . I 'll break this product down into the major functional areas.Printing
 I read all the Amazon reviews for all the printers - Canon - HP - Brother - Epson . WOW - alot of unhappy people out there . I was looking and hoping for a home office all-in-one that was good quality - does everything - and did not suck me dry on ink costs . Finally decided I would try the geeks from HP that have that overbearing software from my last HP printer . Seemed to be the best choice.Machine arrived - everything worked - accept there was a big black smear on all my photos . Called HP after finding they do not put their phone number on their manual or any any product literature - very helpful HP , but why is that ? Do n't want HP customers to actually call you ? Their pleasant Indian support team spent 1.5 hrs with me - still , in the end , the same big ugly black blob on my 4 x 6 photos . OK - so I got an HP stinker . Somebody had to , but what bothered me was that their attitude to make sure I was satisfied - HP did n't really care either way . We 'll send you another one - that was it.Even then , the supervisor in Indian got on the phone and offered - get this - free `` Host '' printer cartridges ! `` Host '' cartridges , that 's HP MBA slang for the ones that come with the printer - that have almost no ink in them , so you have to buy new ones very soon , like selling the car with no gas in the tank - thanx HP - you are swell !!!! I thought , they are really going out of the way for a customer with a defective product -LRB- NOT ! -RRB- . I give 4 hrs of my time and I get a little ink which will no doubt result in the same smudge on my photo prints ? Wee do n't neeed no stinkinngg cartridges ! Thaay no feex dee problemo . You have to think HP has customer service management problems if this is how they train their customer support people - offer nothing , or send ink and hope the customer disappears.Really , I do n't mind a broken printer , somebody has to get one , but at least make it right HP . I do mind if you blow me off and do n't try to make sure the customer of your defective product is taken care of and well taken care.So , I asked Buddha to tell me - what is the great lesson here ? And Buddha said . `` HP does n't care about you , do not expect perfection from the material world '' - what a revelation ! HP is now my spiritual advisor . But they will never again be my printer supplier!This sad busted hunk of the material world is going back to Amazon for a refund - and I am reverting to crayons and finger painting if I want to print something.PS - The Indian lady at HP support , she was named Vetek and wow - she was nice and understanding but not empowered to compensate a customer for anything - so , my advice be kind to our Indian tech support friends - they are just trying to make a buck like us and they have no authority to do anything ! It 's HP that really is not taking responsibility . I say do n't buy HP until they change their attitude towarsd customers who have received a clearly defective product.Shame on HP!Thanks HP , you customer support on defective hardware is REALLY LACKING - so not only are they tapping the phone lines of reporters to plug board room leaks , they are forgetting who pays the bills , you and me , I say call the CEO , HP needs an a customer service intervention ! Wish they could be better , but HP you get one lousy star . Here * And yes , I do feel better now.HP Officejet Pro L7680 Color All In One Printer/Fax/Scanner / Copier
 If I try to print a single page with two-sided checked -LRB- my default printer setting -RRB- , it always jams . I ca n't return this quick enough .
 We paid for this printer so we could get a reliable product that would last us many years . We were very satisfied until all the built in failures started to happen . The first built in printer tax is the software . This software is designed to control everything about the printer without exception . If it does not like your cartridge or anything else it refuses to print . If you are low on in it refuses to print . Second is the expiration dates on everything . The ink , the print heads and possibly other parts . The print heads expired one day and they went from 100 % available to expired . The software then required replacement before it would do anything . There was noting wrong with the heads except HP wanted more money . The inks then expired and would not print until replaced . This printer is designed to empty your wallet . The reviews prove the point . HP is more interested in taking cash than making a reliable printer . HP lost all my business forever with this product . I tried them and they ripped me off . Back to Cannon .
 terrible printer . the document feeder ca n't pull documents by itself , you need to sit there and gently push them in to get it to take them . and the whole thing is just very tempermental . do n't spend your money on this our you will be pulling your hair out constantly as we are ...
 First printer was DOA - customer service offered to sell me a newly refurbished unit for a reasonable price after approx two hours -LRB- more -RRB- of rebooting and reinstalling . I had had the printer three days and it did n't ever work - no , I do n't want a newly refurbished unit.Second printer -LRB- assuming it was a fluke , it had really good reviews -RRB- - flimsy pieces stick out in odd directions and are easily broken -LRB- within four months -RRB- , double-sided copy feed does n't really work , but it is n't in a convenient spot in our office so maybe we could have played with it more to make it work -LRB- immediate -RRB- , after a year or so , there is a significant color flaw - magenta print head is losing ink much faster than others and copies look green in a blotch across the print area . DH installed new print head for magenta/cyan but the problem was still there . Drivers rather than print head ? The print head seemed to be clogged with magenta ink . Would we get two bad print heads in a row?For anyone : The printer often stops in the middle of a print run for an extended cool down . Very time consuming , very frustrating.The last 5 pieces of paper to-be-printed-on are usually wasted . The paper feed grabs them all and shoves them through in a fan , so none of the pages has all of the print.That 's extremely frustrating when you are in a rush . It is also very likely to be followed by the shut down.The document paper feed died entirely after 2 yrs , it had been erratic for many months . Then this past week -LRB- 2.5 years -RRB- - the printer started a new terrible flaw , very flawed print in black and white with big bands of blank paper . I think it is more trouble with paper feeding - printer seems to be jerking the paper as it prints.From the way the output looks , you would think it was a bad drum - of course it has no drum since it is an inkjet.I am going to take a vacation from HP . A lot of their copiers have these cute little fold out pieces of plastic that have to be pushed and pulled and snapped just-so-much to work . The main printer case is solid , but those pieces snap just-further all to easily .
 As other 1-Star reviews have noted , this product has failed miserably in the design and build stage . I have many years of experience with different HP printers . One trend that is obvious is their race to the bottom on fabrication quality and parts reliability . The diabolical problem I have encountered is the idiotic design of the printheads . Having exposed ribbon wiring is a really serious defect . When the magenta/cyan printhead has a collision with a piece of paper , the wiring is bent and cut by the paper -LRB- ! -RRB- and the printer is rendered totally inoperable until the printhead is replaced . The printheads are $ 70 + each and available only by Internet order . I just replaced one three weeks ago and it is damaged again already . For anyone with a busy life or running a business , a no-warning outage like the printhead is just impractical . Other problems of less severity are the unreliable paper feeding , the way the unit shakes during printing , and the cheap plastic paper trays that do n't fit properly . I can also validate adverse comments from other reviewers about the so-called wireless option -LRB- does n't work -RRB- and that duplex printing does not work with Legal paper . I am now looking at Lexmark or Canon as a replacement .
 I bought this printer about 2 years ago and it 's been nothing but problems . Right out of the box there was a problem with the power supply . After spending a few hours on the phone with different gentlemen from India , they finally agreed to send me a new power supply.It worked good for a few months but then started getting a constant error that the back door was open . Apparently this is a common problem with no solution . I cleaned the connectors many times and it would print 10 pages and then say the door was open.Also the drivers are poorly written . I go to print 50 pages and it will print them out of order - or print 1/2 page on one piece of paper and then the other 1/2 on another piece of paper.I paid a premium for this printer because i thought I was buying a quality product . That was definitely not the case !!!
 I bought a refurbished version of this product about 6 months ago . I looked at the reviews and thought that maybe HP was a getting a bad rap on this printer before I bought it . This printer is terrible . I fully understand why there were so many refurbished units available - most people are smart enough to bring this printer back during the return period.Here are the goods :1 . Super fast printing2 . Cheap - I bought it for $ 120 refurb 'd . Here are bads :1 . The document feeder is horrendously slow .2 . The document feeder `` ate '' documents . Had to tear the document to get it out .3 . The document feeder grabbed multiple pages at once . This are perfect pages .4 . It goes through ink like a Hummer goes through gas .5 . It does n't print what it should . It continually misses parts of pages - usually the last line on the page . It can be the entire line or half of it . It does n't happen on every print . Usually just the important ones .6 . Somewhat compatible with Windows Vista and 7 . Not all of the software works compared to XP .7 . Fax does n't work consistently .8 . It `` wakes '' up in the middle of the night and `` warms up '' . Not sure why , but I hear frequently .9 . Ink is super expensive - I 'm almost out of yellow , but do n't remember printing much of anything in yellow .
 Absolutely horrendous . Buggy software , expensive cartridges that are used up very fast , scanning gets aborted for no reason , the printer prints full color ` test pages ' very often , I could go on forever . The worst out of 5 all-in-ones that I ever owned .
 Bought the HP Pro L7680 in 2008 and had minimal problems for two years . Customer support is a joke ! Thank God for the forums where the consumer has given better information than the company !!! The last two years printing quality got poor . Did the whole cleaning , aligning , testing , dusting , etc. , etc. improved for a while and back to lines showing up across pages . Drop the big bucks on printer heads , works for a while and back to lines across the pages . Feed problems , missed faxes , ... . I will never buy another HP printer again .
 After moving from Louisiana to Texas -LRB- around 300 miles -RRB- , My OfficeJet Pro L7680 refused to print , claiming that the ink cartridge door was open . I eventually took the whole printer completely apart -LRB- I had to disassemble the scanner to work my way down to this part where the door sensor was located -RRB- . I wish I had taken pictures . Guess what I found in the printer cartridge door sensor assembly : This printer had gotten jostled or turned upside down at some point during the move . How do I know ? I will tell you : There is a little plastic pendulum that the cartridge door pivots out of the way of the sensor , allowing the sensor to know that the door is closed . There is an additional plastic pendulum on the same hinge that is not connected to anything except the hinge , and if you turn the unit upside down , this pendulum will swing over and block the door sensor for good , making the printer PERMANENTLY think that the door is open unless you somehow knew about the pendulum and turned the printer back over in such a way to make the pendulum go back to where it was -LRB- or unless you are mechanically inclined enough to strip the unit COMPLETELY down to this sensor -LRB- it is buried , believe me -RRB- and figure out these shenanigans that HP has the nerve to pull . They should really be ashamed ! I completely removed this second pendulum , and the printer suddenly realized that the cartridge door is , in fact closed , and began printing , copying , and scanning again . I used to like HP . I used to love their printers -LRB- even though the ink was a racket , even back then -RRB- . I can turn my head from one problem because another aspect is so good , but there is nowhere left to turn , as all aspects of HP products and support just reek . Get it together , HP , before you squander ALL of your brand name value -LRB- if there is any left -RRB- !
 HP products are a disappointment , if HP was a car manufacture they would be comparable to Dodge/Chrysler . My L7680 All in one Printer has failed due to print head error . The printer just passed the warranty period which means they no longer provide you support -LRB- first time I called , the printer was engineered to make it past the warranty -RRB- .
 I 've had to replace this printer 3 times so far -LRB- on warranty -RRB- . It wil not print if any of teh cartridges are out of ink -LRB- it would be nice if it woudl still print something -RRB- . Currently , it is telling me `` the ink cartrige is not intended for use in this computer '' with an HP almost-full cartridge I 've ben printing off of for 3 months . Hmmmmmm . It also goes through a lot of ink unless you set it to use black ink only , a bit of a pain to turn on and off every time you need to print in color . In general I have very little positive to say about teh printer -- oh , I like the scanning feature .
 I am amazed at what a jamming , noisey , cheaply made , piece of junk this is.Any satisfied reviewer is delusional .
 Do n't bother . It wo n't black pages unless it has all three color cartidges in . It got some network problem that wo n't allow it to print in a network . It loses its drivers and wo n't scan to email and the computer . There 's so much extra crap in programming that it just overtakes the computer memory . This is the last HP we will ever buy . We 're done .
 I 've had this all-in-one for over a year now and I do n't know when it started but it skips pages whether I am scanning and/or copying . I have had to cancel so many scans in the middle or near the end of a project just to start all over again that it is extremely frustrating . I have to double check everything I do when I use this machine and it takes up valuable time . While the print quality is great , I will not buy anything from HP again because of the skipping of pages . I have contacted HP over and over again and they ca n't solve it .
 ... If I had the choice . I have had trouble with jams and failures to feed straight , and multiple feeds nearly since the day I got it . It is a bad design . It also does not come anywhere near the cost per page that they show in their ads . I do mainly 50 page booklets , grey scale , two sided . Anything that interrupts the print order tends to make the whole booklet unusable . Waste of paper significant.Crowning blow
 How frustrating it was to get conned into buying this from the HP Sales Rep at Best Buy . This printer is sucks . I 've spent more time trying to just use the stupid thing . Now for the past 3 months I ca n't scan to memory device , which is extremely important for my small business . I wish Apple would make a printer , as their products tend to just work without frustrating uninstalling/re-installing . To make things worse I travel across country for thanksgiving to my dad 's place , only to find they need help to get their printer working . Guess what , it 's an all-in-one HP printer . My advise for them was to recycle the boat anchor . She did n't like my advise so she threw more money at it to have the geek squad come out and get it working . HP you should be ashamed to sell this crap . The hardware itself is fine , it 's the software that runs the printer that is the problem.HP Officejet Pro L7680 Color All-in-One Printer
 bought this to replace 2-year old hp 7310 . was hesitant at first because i noticed the ADF mechanism looks the same as hp 7310 . 7310 ADF skips pages when faxing muliple pages . the occurance is random at first , then it 's all the time -- cleaning did n't help.anyways , after setting up the L7680 , the same issue arise on the second fax . returned it within the first week . going to try brother mfc-9440 -- watch for my review on it .
 This is the second L7680 I have owned . I have owned several 7210 and received my first 7680 through the upgrade service because of my extended contract with HP . This one worked well for exactly ONE year until the warranty is up and then it started giving me problems . The ADF started sending pages through without copying , faxing or scanning them . I spent countless hours with a heavily accented East Indian man who had me try several things over and over and over . None of these worked and then the printhead failed . So , now , nothing worked . He is supposed to be sending me a new printhead which I have yet to receive . That was 2 weeks ago . So , I took it upon myself to purchase a brand new L7680 and got it all set up . the first thing that happened was the ADF was sending pages through without copying , printing or scanning them . I fax long documents up to 20 pages and have to stand there and put them back through when the ADF sends it through without copying or faxing them . Then , they are received totally out of order . This new one was doing this as soon as it was set up !! I thought I was cursed or something . I called HP and was on hold waiting for an agent for 37 minutes and finally hung up and tried chatting online . At least they do n't have a heavy accent , however , they are working with about 12 people at the same time so your wait time between responses and questions is considerable . I did the same thing I had done with the other one , unplug it , wait 30 seconds and plug it back in . then , unplug it , wait 30 seconds and plug it back in while holding down the # and 6 keys . that did n't work either . I had registered it online but they had no record of it even though when I went into my account with HP , lo and behold , there it was , the serial number of the thing . but I had to reregister it and wait 12 hours until it shows up somewhere . HP is going downhill I am afraid . I have a laser printer that I 've had for 8 years and it 's still causing NO problems , however , these all in ones seem to have real problems with the automatic document feeders after one year , except in this case , after one fax . Oh , and if you buy the extended contract , beware because they will NEVER send you a brand new unit again . You will receive a `` refurbished '' unit which is supposed to mean it was opened in a store somewhere but was never used or it had a small problem and their techs put it back to perfect . Well , that 's not true . In working with them over the 7210 that started having the same problems they would send me a replacement unit and I found that whatever problem they were having when the previous owners sent it in , I had . that was useless . Do n't spend the money for an extended contract , you just guarantee more time with a heavily accented Indian person who reads you from a book about what to do and eventually gives up because nothing works right . I 'm now looking at purchasing a Brother or something else . HP is not what they used to be . the printing quality is great when they work but they can not be depended on to work more than one year ... and sometimes not even one week.Oh , and here 's something else I learned . If you buy one on eBay for a really great price that states they are `` BRAND NEW , NEVER OPENED '' Beware of that too because what you are receiving is a unit that sat somewhere and the original warranty is no longer valid . I did that and can not get the seller to respond to me . this unit was produced in 2007 and the warranty wound down and out in April of 2008 so I can not get a new one from HP . They do keep track of those serial numbers !!! I 'm just a little old 60 year old disabled nurse trying to do some service where I need a fax that works and ca n't seem to get HP or anyone else to stand behind this unit .
 If you buy an HP expect nothing in customer support . I would never buy this product or any other HP product again . I gave it one star because it was required .
 This is advertised to fit a Powerbook G4 . This is untrue , as it does not fit . A cover for a powerbook G4 needs beveled edges along each key .
 None of these has 800MHz . If you check the Vista homepage , you will find that to get the full visual and performance effect of Aero Technology -LRB- what Vista is good for -RRB- you need a video -LRB- graphics -RRB- card with at least 128mg discrete memory and a procesor with 800MHz FSB . Toshiba does offer those , just not on any I have read the tech for at Amazon.com
 The LCD monitor and the DVD writer broke down just a year after I bought the notebook.Now I have to use it as a desk top ot otherwise throw it away .
 If you 're even considering buying this product , think otherwise . I bought it when it was $ 1,000 , a year later laptops from HP & Dell from the same generation that run about $ 600 blow it out of the water . By far , it is the worst machine I have ever used trying to play games . Games like , Counter Strike 1.6 , it gets a very very very very low FPS rate of about 10-20 . Vista runs like death on it and everything runs slower and becomes intolerable over time . Battery life is ok for me at least , probably the only PRO to it . Currently , software is falling apart and Microsoft Explorer locks up every few minutes , harddrive is failing and data is being lost . It almost never updates , problems with its own drivers . Hardware wise , for some reason , my DVD-RW drive that 's in it , does not want to read DVDs anymore . For some other reason , a piece -LRB- not sure what it is , but it 's small -RRB- broke off and not movement of the laptop turns it into a very expensive morocco . The most annoying part is that any obtuse angle in movement of the screen results in weird green banding/lines spreading across the screen.I 've done nothing but major web browsing and -LRB- tried to -RRB- do some mild gaming with this laptop . I 've always taken care of it and know my way around computers . It 's just an awful product . Do n't buy it , at any price .
 This unit has pretty good sound when playing DVDs using the built in DVD player . I even tested the crossover point -LRB- ? -RRB- from the speakers to the subwoofers and I could not distinguish where the crossover point is which means everything seems well balanced . The moment I switch to any other mode though other than the built in DVD player -LRB- radio , video1 and video2 -RRB- , I get a lot of hiss from the center and rear channels and the only way to mask out the hiss is to crank the volume way up so that the sounds from the front speakers are louder than the hiss . I thought I have a defective unit so I returned it and got a new one and I still get the same problem.Another annoying thing about this system is that the unit itself clicks -LRB- not though the speakers -RRB- everytime it changes tracks either from a dvd or audio cd . I can live with the clicks , but the hiss is just too much.I 'm going to return my unit and get a different and quality brand , probably a kenwood or something.I would not recommend this to anyone until Classic finds a way to get rid of the hiss , otherwise , this would 've been a perfect unit for as I am not an audiophile .
 Speakers + Small -LRB- looks like Bose -RRB- - Can hear a bit distortion when playing MP3s -LRB- however , maybe the MP3s had bad quality -RRB- DVD + Watched M. Night Shyamalan 's `` Signs '' ; great sound of the grass , did not really appreciate the movie thoughCD + Can Control each speaker individually , but only in CD mode , not Radio or MP3 - Clicks each time it switches between tracks - Does not really start on the track right away ; so , if you skip to track 4 , it will play for three seconds or so before you hear sound . - No resume option . So , if you switch to Radio , and then back to DVD -LRB- which is the CD option -RRB- , it has to scan through all the songs againMP3 -LRB- This is the main issue ! -RRB- - Does not recognize folders within folders . For example , if inside folder A was a folder A1 , then the player will only display folder A1 . - Does not recognize CD-RWs very well either . For one of my CD-RWs , it did not display a few folders at all . - The folder issue would not be that bad , but the player does not display all of the songs on the MP3 CD ; so , you ca n't listen to everything on the CD . - For some MP3s it only plays the first few seconds of some songs . -LRB- Also , I do n't think it is because of any `` Intro '' option which is available on other CD or MP3 players , because I do n't think the unit has that option . -RRB- - Does not diplay entire name of file/song ; so , you have to guess around . - No resume option . So , if you switch to Radio , and then back to DVD -LRB- which is the MP3 option -RRB- , it has to scan through all the songs again - Hiss from rear and center speakers - Can not control each speaker individually like in CD modeRadio - Clicks when you change stations - Hiss from rear and center speakers - Can not control each speaker individually like in CD modeRemote - The most commonly used buttons , Play , Stop , Rew , Fwd , and Vol are really small . + It did cram a lot into one remote thoughOther + Wires are color coded , so it is very easy to follow and hook up - Left or Right speaker wires were a bit too short for the way I was setting it up - Can not control treble/bass . There are EQ presets , but you have to stop the CD you are playing , and then change the presets . - Clicks each time it switches between tracks -LRB- really really annoying -RRB- - Clicks each time it switches between radio stations + - Can Control each speaker individually , but only in CD mode , not any other
 I have had this system for a LONG time and it is an overall good sounding and looking system but ... Down Points :1 . When changing chapters on DVD or tracks on CDs it has a click .2 . Sometimes when the `` click '' comes the screen will freeze for 1 second then resume normal .3 . The DVD player itself does n't have a good enough selection of buttons to use if you somehow `` misplace '' the remote . * hint * hint * .4 . When trying to change from DVD mode to radio to AUX 1 and 2 it takes about 3 to 4 seconds for the full transition to each mode .5 . The volume can get loud but that is about it , not enough boom .6 . Without the remote you can only function volume , play , pause , next chapter , previous chapter , on/off , function , and band/shuffle .7 . The on/off is weird because it has the same function as the PS2 does , on the PS2 if you hold the green button for 2 seconds it will go into off/standby mode , then on the back of the system is a shut off power supply button . The DVD player is like that because if you want to turn it off but stilll be able to turn it off using the remote you can shut off power by pushing power on the remote but if you do n't have the remote or you want to cut off power supply -LRB- unable to turn on with remote this way -RRB- you have to push the click in / click out power button on the front of the system.This is pretty much all of the bad/good stuff . I might have forgot something but all well .
 Just to help the poor soul who is looking for contact info ... go to www.emiglobal.com . They import the Classic-branded elctronics which are made in China and Hong Kong . I have an older Classic home theater system that stinks as badly as this one . The company that handles their service requests is FDM , Inc. in Livonia , MI . They will replace your broken system for a fee . Both companies have questionable customer service levels and are generally difficult to get in touch with , but with persistance I 've found that you can get some resolution to your problems .
 We have had this system for 3 weeks , and nothing but trouble ... will not play rented vidoes -LRB- will freeze up or skip -RRB- , remote will not work , no matter how many new batteries you put in & how you aim it ... and the speakers do not work properly ... we have hooked them up every which way , and can not get them to work properly . And yes , the clicking is a little bit annoying !
 First one lasted two weeks and the second one lasted around 9 months . I just expected to get more time out of my power adapters . I know the price was very low , but other adapters with a low price have lasted longer .
 I purchased this as a keychain attachment and accidentally dropped my keys from about 4 feet , whereupon the flimsy plastic loop attachment immediately broke off . Calls to Imation tech support was no help , since the unsympathetic rep said their warranty does not cover physical damage . Terrific.You would think they would do impact testing on the device before releasing such a low-quality , shoddy product . Would definitely not recommend . There have to be better USB flash products out there .
 Two for the price of one is not a good deal here . These are very cheaply made , substandard glass even for bargin glass . I could not wait to repackage and return them . Actually the very next day they went back .
 I was disappointed with this lens and eventually decided to return it . As the title of this brief review states - I hope this lens is the only exception to Tamron 's quality lenses.The cons
 I just purchased this mouse . It has a good feel . It does not scroll as smoothly as I would like . Contrary to what Microsoft says , the buttons are not programmable -- you have to select from a predefined list . I chose to use the small silver buttons on the side as `` copy '' and `` paste '' . Neither one works.Another irritation , I am already getting a popup that says the `` signal '' is weak -- about 18 '' away , yet the menu says it is fine I got a great buy on it at OfficeDepot -LRB- half price -RRB- , otherwise I would return it .
 As i was doing research on a wireless mouse , i had some requirements :1 . ambidextrous2 . mouse wheel should have clicks -LRB- for changing weapons in a FPS -RRB- 3 . wireless4 . browsing buttons -LRB- back , fwd -RRB- This mouse is good for left handed people like myself , but the feel of it is a little cheap . the build is not as sturdy as i would have liked . The console that goes into the USB port is simply huge , its not one of those little usb-sticks that you barely notice , its a separate thing , with a cord going from it to the computer . So this is pretty much meant for desktops . The software installs itself which is handy , and the battery life seems ok . the item came with batteries which was nice . But i am going to have to send it back , just because of the general cheapness of build , the enormous wireless console , and the wheel .
 the scroll button does not work consistently for scrolling and as a middle button . the right silver button is awkward since you have to move your entire hand to look for the button in order to press it . there is very poor precision with use to control the onscreen pointer.conclusion
 Firstly , I want to voice a complaint against users who stupidly - yes , I said stupidly - rank a product after one day of use . Your opinions are n't trustworthy as they ca n't be well-formed yet . It 's irresponsible to do this because people DO make decisions based on user reviews . So take your Ritalin and give your opinion-formation some time to evolve.I absolutely hate this mouse 's problems , especially in the context of it having the illustrious Microsoft name -LRB- and price tag to go with ! -RRB- MS should be ASHAMED . The company should issue refunds to any users of this mouse who have complaints , such as the ` signal is low ' pop-up that is very , very annoying.But my biggest beef with this expensive mouse is its poor performance at THE MOST BASIC OF MOUSE FUNCTIONS - that of responding to a basic click . This stupid thing will appear visually at a link to have sent a signal , when it fact it has not . There is no way I can count the amount of time I have wasted making a second or third click -LRB- after waiting , waiting for a response -RRB- just to get a link to open up.Scrolling is not reliable , either . Sometimes when I 'm scrolling along on a page , I have to click on a blank area of the page -LRB- again -RRB- to re-focus the mouse 's attention so I can continue to scroll the page . I think this happens when additional items have downloaded onto an overcrowded web page after I have already started reading it , but MS should come up with a way around this.One more thing - if you bump the mouse accidentally , it often will trigger one of the side buttons - which , in my case , usually means the back-page of my browser , meaning I 've often lost the data I had just typed , such as one of these reviews ! Arrgggghh@!The only reason this mouse gets 2 stars from me is that I could n't -LRB- and still ca n't seem to , after having this damned thing for over a year -RRB- find any other ambidextrous mouse with extra , select-function buttons that is also cordless . So MS gets a point for intention of functionability but none for the functionability itself . Pretty weak .
 I received the mouse weeks after forgetting I ordered it.It does n't work that great . The USB receiver is gigantic and has a pathetic range . -LRB- Its almost as big as the mouse , yet ca n't maintain a decent signal . -RRB- The mouse is n't accurate , and the same is true for the identical one my friend ordered . If you want to do anything other than web browsing , get a good mouse.If you only have fifteen dollars , you can probably still get a better mouse with it .
 When compared to the several prior Microsoft ` mice ' I 've had , this one is pretty sad as far as performance goes . It is not responsive and it is not accurate no matter how you change the settings for it . The ` invisible laser ' feature of it , makes it necessary to use a mouse pad , where prior ones with regular lasers , worked excellent on any surface . This mouse will quickly be replaced .
 I 've been using this mouse for about 3 months now . The ambidextrous design is OK , but not as comfortable as the a dedicated right/left handed Intellimouse Explorer . One thing I do not like is the position of the right side button , you have to shift your finger to press it unlike the Intellimouse Explorer where both of the side buttons are on the same side of the mouse . I also do n't like the button on the scroll wheel , the travel on the scroll wheel when you press down is a lot and it takes a bit of force to get the scroll wheel button to register . The scroll wheel itself has a little bit of resistance which I like , but there are no `` clicks '' , that is it scrolls smoothly . Finally I wish Microsoft would have provided a smaller wireless dongle for this mouse . The included dongle is as big as the mouse itself and has a 4 USB foot cord . The tracking is good but does n't seem as good as a higher dpi gaming mouse . The mouse in general works the way it is supposed to , but gets low marks for design and comfort . Get a dedicated right/left handed mouse if you want those qualities .
 I recently bought this mouse as a package with the wireless Comfort Keyboard 4000 . I should have listened to my inner voice which cautioned against Microsoft . This mouse jitters the cursor all over the place . Sometimes it moves quickly then stops then jumps again . It is especially frustrating when the cursor is close to where you want it and you move the mouse just a little and the cursor jumps past the desired position . New batters do n't help . Changing the channel as per troubleshooting manual does n't help . Changing the USB input as per the troubleshooting manual does n't help . My son and his friends hate the keyboard for game playing and I hate it for frequently announcing poor signal strength although the receiver is only a foot away and new batteries and changing the USB input does n't help . The Logitech wireless keyboard and mouse costing about half as much that I had before -LRB- disabled by a spilled soft drink -RRB- were far superior .
 I purchased this mouse in a bundle with a Microsoft Wireless Comfort Keyboard 4000 -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- . In the past I had good experiences with multiple generations of Microsoft Mice , dating back all the way to the very first one with the metal ball . I actually purchased this mouse to replace a Microsoft Wireless IntelliMouse Explorer 2.0 mouse . That mouse was physically very similar but was more of a right handed mouse and was based on a red LED . That mouse worked great , for many years . It would typically last over a year on a battery , and like the MWLM 5000 did not have a power switch . In fact , that mouse still works great . The problem was the soft touch paint -LRB- what gives the rubbery feel -RRB- turned into sticky goo . So , while others have complained about the hard surface , I prefer it as it will likely not turn into sticky goo as well.My experience with this mouse has been extremely disappointing . The mouse will be very sluggish , especially when left idle for more than a few seconds . Then it ignore either mouse movement or the scroll wheel for a second or so of use . This does n't sound nearly as bad as it is to use . I ended up plugging in a wired Microsoft Comfort Mouse 3000 . That worked fine . I was wondering if there was interference with my WiFi access point that is only a few feet away from the mouse and the receiver . This mouse uses 2.4 GHz whereas the previous mouse used 27 MHz . I put the receiver almost on top of the mouse and it still had problems.I just tried using a Microsoft Wireless Mobile Mouse 3500 with BluTrack . I believe this is also a 2.4 GHz receiver . The receiver is further from the mouse than the big one from the MWLM5000 , yet it works fine . I actually tried both mice connected at the same time so I could go back and forth . Hands down the laptop MWLM 3500 or the wired USB mouse were much , much better.I miss the extra buttons on the mouse that I typically map to back and forward in a browser , but it is just to frustrating . I will use the laptop mouse for now and replace this one.As others have commented , the extra buttons are not the most conveniently located . I could live with that though if the mouse worked well . I do n't care how accurate the laser is . If the mouse does n't respond it 's not accurate at all.I wo n't bash Microsoft or even other Microsoft mice as I have others that work fine . This one , the Microsoft Wireless Laser Mouse 5000 is awful though . It is probably the worst mouse I 've ever used , including the near free pieces of mechanical junk I 've had . The free wired giveaway optical laptop mice work tremendously better than this . It is worse than unusable , it is usable just enough to be completely frustrating . Do n't buy it.I am leery of the soft touch paint though as well . As I said above , I considered this an advantage . The MWLM 3500 also has soft touch paint . It feels very nice now , but I expect it too will turn to goo . I 've had many different types of products from mice , to portable LCD TVs , to corkscrews that have been covered in soft touch paint and after a few years turned to goo . So consider that when selecting mice as well .
 This mouse worked well for a couple of months but I began experiencing low battery signal messages , low signal quality messages -LRB- even though the receiver is less than a foot away and I replaced the batteries many times -RRB- . The software on my computer is the latest Microsoft offers . Then , I began seeing huge delays in response to scroll wheel movements and clicks , although mouse movements were normal.Something is wrong with this mouse or the software it relies on.I am running Windows 7-64bit . I 'd look elsewhere .
 I 've used the Microsoft Wireless Optical mouse in the past , and decided to go in for a similar Wireless Laser Mouse . Although the pictures show the mouse without wires , they miss out on the fact that the USB transmitter required for the mouse is WIRED ! There goes my dream of de-cluttering my laptop bag . Having used the Microsoft Wireless Optical Mouse in the past , I expected a similar setup where the USB transmitter fits into the bottom of the mouse and saves space . No such luck . I now wish I had researched for a truly wireless mouse , ` coz this one just does n't help . Also , I find myself accidentally clicking the magnifier buttons on the side when moving the mouse , which is annoying . Overall - as a product from Microsoft that is a supposedly wireless - a disappointment .
 I do n't like it because it is always saying `` low power '' and I do every thing it said to trouble shoot the problem with out and luck fixing the problem !
 I RECEIVED THIS MICROSOFT PRODUCT D.O.A. ! THE LIGHT NEVER LIT AND I DO N'T KNOW IF IT 'S THE FAULT OF THE BATTERIES OR THE MOUSE . I WILL BE RETURNING IT AS I HAVE ORDERED ONE FROM BEST BUY THAT WAS ON SALE . IT DOES NOT USE STANDARD AA OR AAA BATTERIES . SO GETTING BATTERIES FOR THIS MOUSE WILL NOT BE EASY . AGAIN - I WILL BE RETURNING THIS MOUSE . A.S.A.P.
 This piece of junk comes with a wireless receiver almost bigger than the mouse itself ! And this big detail is NOT mentioned in the product page . It is completely useless as a wireless mouse unless you want to carry around a huge wireless receiver with a long usb cable around , why not use a wired mouse instead ? Total scam , shame on you Amazon !
 THIS IS NOT A WIRELESS MOUSE.The pictures in Amazon are so misleading . To make this mouse work , it needs a bulky transceiver , with a wire . So when you 're mobile , you have to bring one mouse and its mother . I do n't want to express my anger here , but I give other customer a warning to stay away from this mouse . I will return it however cheap it is .
 Stopped working after less than 2 months . This is the 2nd MS mouse in a row that 's gone bad . On my earlier 3000 , the ratchet on the wheel went out almost immediately after I bought it . No more Microsoft mice for me !
 CONS : - A few weeks after buying this mouse it loses a lot of precision and sensitivity . - Cursor does n't respond well to mouse movement . Even with brand new batteries , the cursor movement does n't sync well with mouse movement . - It gets lots of low signal warnings , even with new batteries . - The mouse feels uncomfortable and clumsy , I have to give my wrist a break every 20 minutes . - Feels like the mouse was designed and made by amateur engineers . - There is a huge wired receiver you plug into USB . So you actually have 2 mouses on your desk . But even with such a large receiver the signal sucks . - The generic mouse I 've used at work for 3 years works better than this . - I am replacing this mouse 6 months after buying a new one , even though I wanted to replace it within the first month . - The middle mouse button does n't respond well when I push it during gaming , so I ca n't use it and the button is wasted.PROS : - NONE , I hate this mouse and am angry I wasted money on it .
 I have been using this mouse for the past one week and i hate it already , the grip of the mouse is good but for moving the mouse you feel it is heavy becoz may be using 2 batteries but still it losses the signal and it wo n't work on any surface means on a cloth or on a sofa cloth i mean my prevoius optical mouse use to work on almost any surface this is kind of crazy with this mouse ... . and most importantly i do n't like the left side button the extra button will get clicked if you try to lift the mouse and when you are browsing something it goes to the back page ... iam annoyed with this mouse and iam trying to get a new one ... . if you want a lighter mouse which does n't loss signal and which can be worked on any surface i do not do not suggest you this mouse ... . well the final decision is on you guys .
 It may have been a fluke , because Microsoft is generally a good company , but the thing never worked out of the box . The red laser thing on the bottom never lit up . I returned it , but since it was shipped by amazon , i could n't exchange it for a new one , so i do n't know if a different one would have worked better .
 I have owned this mouse for over a month now . I had previously owned a Logitech wireless mouse for 3 years . It was worn out and I needed to replace it . The Microsoft mouse does not track correctly on the screen . I have updated the software to the latest version , twiddled with the settings , placed the transciever right next to the mouse -LRB- defeats the purpose of having a wirelss mouse does n't it -RRB- and still am having problems . This is a waste of my money . I have problems with :1 . The accuracy of the device . I repeatly can not click on icons or menu items . The mouse seems to get close to the item on the screen , and the either stops or jumps over it .2 . Drag and drop is painfull . I pick up items to drag and drop , and guess what , the mouse seems to think that I want to drop it else where . I have had issues with putting items in the wrong folders , on the desktop , everywhere but where I want to place them .3 . Productivity stinks . I have to repeatly do the same motion till I get it right . Come on , I have been using mice , on different systems now for 20 + years . I am not a idiot at this.I am being generous at giving this item 1 star . It should be taken off the shelves and not sold .
 Well , if you ever wondered what it would be like to click four or five times whenever you wanted to do something on a computer , this is your mouse . It just `` feels '' awful . I was thinking something was wrong with my PC so I hooked up another mouse . So I began doing a lot of troubleshooting . The problem was this piece of crap . It rarely responds to a click in one try , so you end up hammering away at the button with your finger like a woodpecker . Sometimes it moves the cursor when you move the mouse , sometimes it does n't . Basically it makes everything you do more difficult.Buy ANYTHING else . It certainly could n't be any worse . Even as I 'm selecting the number of stars to give for the attributes this hunk of trash is making me hit the link over and over again .
 There is no doubt this is a Microsoft product . It stops working for no apparent reason , and works again after you reboot the computer , which of course , has to be a hard shutdown as the mouse does n't work . Somehow it also screws up any other mouse as it does n't help to change mice or unplug and try to use my mouse touch pad as nothing works once it shuts down . I have needlessly replaced the batteries four times to make sure it was n't them . Since it has an invisible laser , you ca n't tell if it simply shut down , died or what . The only cure has been to keep rebooting the computer which is , as we all know , very frustrating , especially since I ca n't save anything . I have been reading about ` sleep ' problems and although I do n't have the same symptoms , it does seem like it quits working when I leave and come back , giving it time to try to sleep .
 The mouse seems to lose connection very easily . I bought the Micrsoft wireless laser mouse because I thought that it would work better with microsoft xp . I tried a different USB port and have change the batteries . It keeps losing connection .
 I 've had this mouse for 6 weeks now . I 've had to disable the small buttons on the side because they get clicked accidentally very easily . This can be terribly annoying , not to mention it kills most games , especially if it is left as the default `` activate magnifier '' setting.I 've also had the `` weak signal '' error mentioned previously , and many a false alarm on the low battery detection . Neither one should activate since my sensor base for the mouse is only 18 inches away from it.The most annoying fault is that it only seems to catch about 75 % of the button clicks . You never know if you 've activated a slow process or if the mouse just went deaf again.I use Vista on my computer , I do n't know if any other O/S ` es have the same problems.Other than that it 's a comfortable mouse to use ergonomics-wise .
 the item shown on the web like a wireless mouse , that is the reason i purchaged by putting lot of money -LRB- $ 19 -RRB- . for this prce wired mouse is very cost.i wont prefer to buy .
 This mouse sounded just good , so I bought one . BIG MISTAKE ! It was extremely uncomfortable and clumsy to use . I finally sold it and purchased a Targus rechargeable laser mouse -- it 's super !!!
 I bought this wireless mouse to use with my laptop for college , I didnt know when I purchased it , but it has a HUGE reciever that is attached to the USB that is about the size of the actual mouse making it very difficult to transport with my laptop , wish the site would have mentioned this ...
 The Microsoft Wireless Mouse has all the good features going for it except one
 I am an adult female and this mouse is too big for my hand . After a very short time , my hand starts to ache and I have to go back to my previous , smaller mouse . I have both of them active . I switch to this one when I need to magnify something - as that part works fairly well . I just wish the magnifying window was larger . I have to keep moving it around on the page to read anything - often just to finish a sentence .
 I have been using the Wireless Laser Mouse 5000 for about six months and it is the worst mouse I 've ever used . First , many people think it is a bluetooth device . It is n't . You have to plug in the USB stick that comes with it for it to work at all . Secondly , the scroll wheel only works with about half the software on my PC . I 've ordered a non-microsoft mouse to replace it . Nothing I 've read online seems to fix it . And the people who keep tinkering with your bluetooth signal and software
 I 'd just go with another mouse . Even at 15 dollars , this mouse is n't worth it . It comes with a huge ass receiver , not good if you want portability . The sensor is super jumpy , jumping about 15 pixels every movement . Waste of money .
 I bought this mouse as well as the very similar `` Microsoft Wireless Optical Mouse 5000 '' to compare them and choose the best . The `` Optical '' mouse is cheaper and superior -LRB- with identical features and resolution -RRB- to this problematic `` Laser '' mouse . The feature I care about is the Magnifier.On the `` Laser '' mouse , regardless of whether the Magnifier button is assigned to the small right button or to the scroll wheel button , getting the magnifier to turn off by pressing the button has at best a 50 % success rate -LRB- this was verified by others who tried the 2 identical `` Laser '' mouse 's I purchased -RRB- . To me this is unacceptable . A problem of lesser severity with the `` Laser '' mouse is that the small right button is hard to press . Pressing the magnifier button -LRB- a side button or the scroll wheel -RRB- works well on the `` Optical '' mouse and the side buttons are easier to use than the small right button on the `` Laser '' mouse.A disturbing problem with both the `` Laser '' and `` Optical '' mouse is that a pop-up often appears to say the signal is weak . But when you look at the signal strength in `` Control Panel - > Mouse - > Wireless '' you see that the signal is noted as a good strong signal . I recommend you click the box in the pop-up so that you are not bothered with this software bug.The `` Microsoft Wireless Optical Mouse 5000 '' has identical specs to this `` Microsoft Wireless Laser Mouse 5000 '' , costs less , and the Magnifier function and the small buttons work better . The choice between these two models is clear . I rate the `` Laser '' model a 2 -LRB- unacceptable and returned -RRB- and the `` Optical '' model a 5 , based just on the Magnifier function which is my only reason for upgrading my current mouse .
 I bought this mouse to replace a Logitech cordless mouse that I wore out . I liked the Logitech mouse and should have replaced it wih the same model.This Microsoft Mouse sits higher and wider than my previous mouse and becomes uncomfortable to use after 30 minutes or so of use.the two side buttons are in awkward positions . The right one requires a complete change in hand position to access , while the left one is too easy to accidently hit and make you go to the previous page . My biggest complaint about this item is since it is a wirelees mouse , I do n't understand why the USB reciever hangs off of a 3 foot long cord . My other cordless mice all used a small USB Dongle that was only ablut 1.5 to 2 inches long . this one uses a reciever the size of the actual mouse attached to a 3 foot cord.I bought this with the intent of eliminating the wires , not adding to them . A corded mouse actually takes up less space than this cordles one .
 This is a nice hefty stabile handfull of a mouse . A five button mouse it ai n't ! The two side buttons need to operated by pushing them sideways . That requires holding the mouse on the opposite side to hold the mouse still . The result is that both side buttons get activated at the same time . The same holds true for the sideways scrolling . When scrolling sideway you need to stabilize the mouse from moving sideways and you wind up hitting one of the side buttons at the same time . As a five button mouse it is really badly designed.However , if functions very well as a two button mouse with a scroll wheel.I have set the right side button to do nothing so that I can use the left side button to perform tne back function .
 I work in AutoCAD and use the scroll button to pan frequently . The push action on the scroll button is terrible . You have to push it just the right way to get it to work . Seems like something that could definitely be improved upon . Other than that , it works great .
 I have 2 major complaints about this mouse . first is the weak signal or low battery . even with fresh batteries it will complain about the weak signal . I have moved the detector close , far , upside down , right side up , and sideways and every combo in between ... my second complaint is about the button layout . the magnifying button is a pain , I know anyone who buys this mouse will agree , I have let my friends use the computer and watched them accidentally hit it all the time . Even though I own the mouse and Know where it is , I still occasionally hit it . for a normal user it is slightly annoying , for a computer gamer like myself it is horrendous.those are my `` major '' complaints.I have one minor one , which is that it is picky about the surface you put it on ... some mousepads wo n't work with it.The only thing I like about this mouse is that it is wireless and when the stars are aligned and everything works perfectly you can forget it 's flaws ... until you accidentally hit the magnifying glass again .
 I purchased this mouse to replace an older Logitech mouse and have been fairly disappointed . Microsoft mice have usually been pretty good , but this one falls a bit short , I think.First of all , the right side button is completely inaccessible , unless you purchase a 3rd party flaming hoop and jump through it.The left side buttons are accessible , but not comfortably so.The biggest problem I 've had with this mouse is it will periodically develop an electronic spasm when you try to move it , or it thinks the pointer arrow 's active part is n't the tip any longer , but rather somewhere around the middle of the mouse arrow . On top of that , it takes three clicks of the mouse to accomplish one click while it is in this spastic mode -LRB- and no , this is n't battery related -RRB- . I think Microsoft generally makes good mice . This mouse , however , is a specimen that necessitates the use of the word `` generally '' in that sentence.Do yourself a favor and get something else .
 I am a small person and this mouse is too big for my hand . Everything else about this mouse is great but I wanted to share my opinion for all of you with small hands.Microsoft Wireless Laser Mouse 5000 - Metallic Black -LRB- 63A-00001 -RRB-
 Get what you pay for . It 's $ 11 for a reason . The wheel was flawed in the one I used . Oh , you could scroll through documents , if you spun the wheel with your free hand . It did n't matter what the settings in software were , same result . So far MS has made the best mouse I 've ever used , the wired Laser Mouse 6000 , and the worst , this mouse . Do n't buy this mouse .
 I bought this mouse at a brick and mortar store , at first it seemed to work `` okay '' , but I noticed that the mouse would not respond right away and it `` slows '' down when you are moving the mouse . I 've update the software , etc etc but I still have problems . Apparently , many thing can interfere with the signal between mouse and PC . Fluorescent light and baby monitors interfere with them . I bought another mouse -LRB- that I will not name -RRB- and it works much better . Save your hard earned money and buy a mouse ONCE !
 Friends , Be careful before making your purchase . Amazon has not put 100 % effort in describing this mouse . As usual , this Wireless mouse comes with a signal receiver too but that receiver in itself is an another Wired mouse . So , instead of getting rid of wires , you get more of it . Here is how I can explain it in better terms.Generally , Wireless mouse comes with nano or Pen Drive like small receivers which are comfortable to carry . Most of the time you can just let them remain attached to the laptop which is actually convenient . But , the receiver of this mouse is of same size as an another mouse . Even the shape is same . Moreover , this receiver has a wire which is almost a meter long . All these issues in total makes this mouse-receiver set a highly uncomfortable one . It directly impacts your portability . As a student , every time I have to first disconnect the receiver and then create some extra space in my backpack to carry it . It is so annoying.Adding to the misery , the installation disk sent with this mouse does n't work on Windows 7 . But your mouse will still work . The thing is you can not customize its buttons -LRB- and this is one of the features why anyone will actually purchase it , at least I did -RRB- . But luckily , after using it for 2 days somehow Windows Update downloaded the required installation software and then only I get to customize this mouse.Talking about the `` mouse '' only , then yes it is definitely a good mouse . The grip is really good , its comfortable . It looks good too . The click and the roller is smooth.So , before making a purchase please be conscious and do some extra search on internet just to get an idea of the `` Extra Wired '' mouse .
 As a fit 34 year old male I work on a PC over 40 hours a week and unfortunately this mouse is too heavy and is giving me RSI in both hands , even though ive only been using my left hand with it for one week . Initially I thought the weight was awesome . But im feeling strain in my wrists and fingers , so Im moving back to a ligher mouse version . One that will cost me a lot less too .
 I bought a keyboard/mouse set and the keyboard works fine . The left mouse button only works about half the time . I replaced the mouse and have the same problem with the replacement . About half the time , I have to press really hard on the left mouse button to get it to work . No one else in the family will use this computer because of the ` bad mouse ' . They use the Logitech mouse on my wife 's computer .
 I bought this mouse one month ago from local Staples . But I should say this mouse is one of the worst mouse I 've ever used.It can only work awkwardly in the table with a mouse pad . It can not be used in my bed at all -LRB- whereas my Logiteck V450 works perfect -RRB- . As for the mouse itself , it has a strong plastic feeling that will let you feel like holding a toy.I will not recommend this mouse to anybody . I am going to see if I still can return this mouse to MS.
 I 've been using mice almost constantly for 20 years . I 've seen them all . The original Apple II + , mice from Sun , DEC , and even earlier Microsoft mice which I still continue to use at work.This is easily the most poorly designed and worst mouse I have ever used.What makes it so bad ? 1 -RRB- Hand feel . The palm and fingers do n't fit right on the mouse . It causes your hand to twist at a bad angle and your wrist gets tired after a few minutes use .2 -RRB- Poor acceleration . Does n't work right when moving the mouse side to side .3 -RRB- -LRB- this is the worst -RRB- Loses connection or stops tracking . I have the mouse about a foot away from the receiver , yet every few movements , the pointer just stops . Shake the mouse a bit and it 'll recover . Not so bad for web work , but if you 're playing games , it makes a big big difference.I 'm not taking this mouse back . I 'm not selling it on eBay or at a nearby flea market . For the good of humanity , I 'm going to take this mouse and its receiver outside , smash it with a hammer , and then toss it into my backyard fire pit . Once that 's done I 'm going to take the ashes and mix them with concrete and bury it someplace in my yard , where weeds will dare not grow . Hundreds of years from now , the cascade of poor design and engineering may be found and reclaimed by and advanced civilization . And on that day , may God have mercy on their souls . Or at least I hope there 's a better way to interface with Command and Conquer 150 . If you 'll pardon me , I have to find my hammer .
 I kept changing batteries to see if I could get it to work better but nothing helped IT WOULD WORK FOR 24 HOURS AND THEN DIE I tried to give it back but amazons WEB PAGE MADE IT IMPOSSIBLE TO FIND there RETURN SECTION I wrote them and never got an ANSWER . I BOUGHT A LOGITECH FROM COSTCO AND IT WORKS GREAT
 I have owned several Microsoft mice , this one being the latest . All of them suffer from the same issue
 The scroll wheel failed on not one , but two units - locked up so severely that it became useless . If you do n't use the scroll wheel , this mouse * might * work ok for you ... that was the only problem I encountered , but a dealbreaker for me .
 I 've had this mouse for over a year now and had the nearly hockey puck sized corded receiver damn near everyplace it could reach ... This includes mounting it on the wall with plastic straps ... Now mind you it was wonderful for oh ... 2 months but then degraded progressively into the worst mouse ever.How many of you would want to left click on an application with the single click launch option in windows turned on and have between 1 to 5 copies of the application or document opening from ONE CLICK ? No its not the Intelipoint crap , no its not vista , XP , or Mandrava Linux ... They all do it and this is testing with a freshly replaced battery on 3 desktops and two laptops , if you want a mouse look ANYWHERE else , but NOT here .
 I 've had two of these creatures and they are rodents , not mice . Frequent signal failure . Cursor jumps . Sudden speed up . Worst thing is the scroll wheel . On both mice it got increasingly harder to turn , resulting in inadvertent clicks , data loss , and other problems . I thought the wheel was dirty , and discovered there is no way to actually open the mouse . Eventually the thing became completely unusable , and I pried the top and bottom apart , thus destroying it , but I did n't care about that anymore . To my surprise , the wheel was not dirty at all . However , what I discovered is the thin layer of lubricant that goes between the scroll wheel and its hub was viscous and sticky , and that was what made the wheel hard to turn . The lubricant , in other words , was some form of glue . So , big congratulations to the Microsoft engineers -LRB- and you know what else they make -RRB- for their thoughtful design . I 'm out $ 100 on both rodents , and MS gets no more $ $ from me .
 Bought this to replace my ailing Logitech wireless laser mouse . Got the MS 5000 back to work , opened the box , IMMEDIATELY closed the box and took it back to the store I bought it from.The receiver is not one of the small usb designs that looks like a flash drive . It is a large receiver that is about as big as the mouse . It then has a long cord that goes to the usb connector.This may be good for desktop computer use but if you 're going to use with a laptop , buy something else .
 The buttons are intermittent especially in game play . You can not set the middle mouse button similar to a regular mouse and it is not recognized in some games at all . I 'm using Vista 64 and frustated as hell with the mouse . The default magnification came on and I could not turn it off ... again intermittent buttons ... or could it be wireless reponse time ?
 While this might be fine for everyday computing needs I would not recommend at all if you use CAD or any other graphic related software . Or any Microsoft mouse for that matter.The software creates a horrible flicker that I could not tolerate for even 5 minutes of use . This is a known issue with newer Intellipoint versions and Microsoft does not seem to care.I uninstalled the software and the flicker went away . However ... there is still a slight , but definite , delay when you push the middle button -LRB- scroll wheel -RRB- to pan . When you do this about every 10 seconds a half second delay is not acceptable . Again a known issue -LRB- Google it -RRB- and Microsoft does n't seem to care.Long story short ... CAD people do n't buy ! If you do you 'll be glad it 's wireless . It will go a lot further when you throw it ; -RRB-
 The wireless router broke one month after the warranty expiration . Perfect timing . And linksys even does not provide any tech support after the warranty expires . The router had to be restarted every a few days in order for it to work properly even when flashed with dd-wrt . Bad quality .
 I ordered this lens for my wife to use with her Sony Alpha . It arrived as promised , packaged well , but upon inspection there was a visible defect on the interior of the lens glass . No amount of cleaning could get rid of it . No problem - I sent for a replacement . Because of Amazon 's return process it was easy to send the first one back and order another -LRB- the only reason I gave it one star -RRB- . The second one was on our doorstep within four days . Again , package intact , but a very similiar situation with the second one except this `` smudge '' on the inside was longer - almost all the way across the lens . I also returned the second lens and got a full refund with no problems . I bought the Tamron based on the reviews , but there are obviously some quality control issues . I 'm looking at the Sony or Sigma badged lenses now .
 At first when I got into photography , I just needed a zoom . A REALLY REALLY big zoom . I wanted to see my neighbors door lock from my house . Which , this lens let me accomplish . But , the more I used it , the more I found it 's flaws.Low-ISH light performance ? Shoot ... If you do n't have bright sunshine , forget using this one . Seriously.Autofocus is just . . slow . Oh , and noisy . Hunts sometimes when it really should n't . Colors are n't very vibrant and have a weird cast to them.Not very sharp , especially at around 200-300mmLight falloff at 250-300 -LRB- obvious with a zoom like this , but this one is pronounced . -RRB- Zoom ring is stiff in places , not in others . Feels chintzy , even compared to my `` kit '' lens.Hood is good , blocks lots of light from the sides.In use , my pictures come out blurry when extended past 200mm . Ever so slightly at 200 , yet increasing until 300 . This , I feel , is the result of the lack of vibration control on this lens . Top this off with the general color tinge and coupling that with the non-sharpness of the thing , I constantly wondered to myself , `` Why am I even using this lens ? `` Well , I was using it because I paid money for it.Since I bought this lens to compliment my `` kit '' lens long ago , I 've grown as a photographer and learned what lenses I really DO need instead of what I THOUGHT I needed.Constantly in my bag are the Nikon 16-85mm vr , 35mm 1.8 G and Tokina 11-16mm . These lenses cover everything I could ever want . I do n't find myself missing the 105-300mm range simply because I do n't use it effectively . I would try and fill the frame even if I really did n't have to or should n't have.All just because my lens let me . I now would rather move closer if I need to do this.If I had use for the range , I would have considered a 18-200mm and made the investment.Moral of the story
 This lens will not focus at any range beyond about 100mm . Try to focus ... and it wont , either manually or autofocus . Built cheaply as well . Should have known better . First time I have ever bought a cheap lens . As they say ... you get what you pay for . Well , this one I really did get what I paid for . I can not recommend this to anyone . And yes ... I have used Canon EOS cameras and lenses for 25 years or so . I had one of their first EOS-1 film cameras . And more since . So I do have plenty of experience with cameras and lenses of this type .
 So this lens after having it for about a week i noticed dust in my photos , so i cleaned the lens and still dust in my photos . AS is turns out there was dust between the front two elements of the lens . now i do not go into any harsh enviornments to take photos and always take care of my equipment , this should not happen , I emailed the Tamron service center and they told me that it was not covered under warranty , B.S. I say . But any way the photos are soft at all focal lengths . Bottom line spend a little more and do not buy this piece of crap
 Hi there , the lens does not work at certain times , it brings in lots of light and dims the picture , I am not sure if the lens work well , I would like to return the item if possible .
 i buy this lens but stop focusing after light use i was shooting at one my girls high school event so after a pause taking photos this lens just stop working for not reason
 I returned this lens . I was not happy with the quality of the photos thatI took using this lens .
 It did n't last long . The zoom lens jammed . What a waste of money !
 I purchased this lens based on a few reviews . Generally I do n't listen to what everyone has to say ... I should have . This lens is not even close to Nikon quality ... Duh ! Still for $ 200 I thought it would fit my budget and photography skill . It is noisy and it takes longer to adjust with the auto focus on . I think I should have practiced more on some `` not so important '' shots first before relying on it for a special event . The lens adapter shown on the advertisement was junk . Very misleading . Now I 'm stuck with a lens that 's noisy and generally stays out of focus for even slow moving shots . I suppose that is why lens cost $ 500 + for quality and a piece of mind . I already have a 200mm but thought this might get me a little closer to the action . It only got me closer to an empty wallet .
 I like the macro portion of this lens . But at 300mm the CA is so pronounced it is unusable at that length . And it is pretty bad at 200mm . I am very disappointed . I would not recommend this lens .
 Bought this for my son as a backup to his Sony 75-300 that has become difficult to zoom because of a dirty environment . He uses it for rodeo photography with his old Alpha 100 . Has been a good business for 5 years but dirt is a problem and most shops do n't want to clean a Sony lens . The Sony is still working fine but is harder to zoom because of built up dust.Thought we would take a chance on this lens and just replace it every couple of years because of the dust . Reviews looked OK but the Tamron lens does n't work for us.Compared even to the -LRB- used gummy -RRB- Sony lens it was sticky and especially hard to zoom near the 300mm range . This may be OK for still nature shots but it kills fast moving sports action shots when you have to make the camera twitch to zoom in . Also compared to the modest Sony 70-300 the Tamron 70-300 was noticeably softer in the same shooting conditions . I would gauge it at about 30 % softer.We returned it . Wish it would have been more serviceable .
 The motor is a little noisy and slow - switch to manual focus if you mind , picture quality is not so good , than canon 75-300
 This was my first zoom lens for my canon 20d . It 's alright for shooting still shots , but certainly not any moving ones . The lens focuses VERY slowly and often has trouble detecting contrast . It gets totally lost and then the only way to recover it is by fixing it on manual focus . I have used the canon equivalent and had a much better experience with that one . I would not buy this lens if you are planning to be a professional photographer . It is n't reliable enough .
 As they say , you get what you pay for . This is true for lenses . The chromatic abberation on this lens is very bad , to the point where it ruins the shot , as it is very difficult to remove even with Photoshop/Lightroom . There is chromatic abberation throughout the range and view , even in the very middle . I know it is a cheap lens , but this one aspect of it makes it not worth it for me at least . The sharpness is about average . Focus is loud and slow . The construction quality is very cheap . Even though there is very little , if any , barrel creep -LRB- lens extending under its own weight -RRB- , as it is very light , the barrel is very choppy - it does not rotate smoothly . The switches have a very tacky and cheap feeling . I would recommend pitching in more and avoiding this lens , or getting a legacy Minolta on eBay .
 I bought this lens as a hobby piece for when I am at football games or just casually shooting -LRB- I have a Canon 40d -RRB- . After less than a month , the auto focus began grinding , and eventually stopped working completely . I returned it and got another ... . BAD DECISION ! Same problem in only a couple of weeks . In my opinion , if you want a casual telephoto photography , or just want to break away from your 18-55 , go with the canon 55-250 IS . I have it now and it is a much Sharper , and better built lens . I hope this helps you .
 The lens has absolutely terrible purple fringing , the worst I 've ever seen . Fairly soft focus as well . For the price it is n't bad I suppose , but I 'd look at other offerings such as the Sigma ... I have no experience with the Sigma but am tempted to order it and sell this one . This lens is usable , it does focus with a D40 and is very inexpensive , but not sharp enough for me nor can I accept the purple fringing .
 This is a well built lens with less than ideal performance . From time to time it will surprise you with an acceptible picture -LRB- close to very good -RRB- but never great . With bright light , a tripod and a frozen bird you may get a great picture . I will continue to use and study this lens but it will not be my primary 300mm telephoto . The Canon IS 300mm will be in my bag . It 's o.k. to use this lens to learn camera and lens technique and develope good photography habits . But if you can afford the Canon 70mm-300mm with IS get that instead.Update
 This is a fairly cheap but usable lens . Autofocus is slow but price is explaining everything . For digital SLR I would recommend Tamron 's AF 28-300 f/3 .5 -6.3 XR Di VC . Twice as expensive but a very nice lens . To date I snapped around 1K pictures and I am very satisfied with it . VC stands for vibration compensation and it truly works .
 I bought this lens to use with my Xti . Less than a week after I bough it I started to get the err99 message . Now I get it every time i use it . I am going to take a few more pictures with it and if I do n't like the way they turn out I will return the lens . After taking a few pictures with this lens I have noticed that the CA is horrible . The sharpness drops off after 200mm . You get what you pay for.EDITI have returned the lens to amazon
 Very cheap lens and it shows . Feels cheap in hand . The picture quality was abysmal even to my newbie eyes . The images were washed out and very lacking in sharpness . I bought this lens based on some general reviews but my experience was not good . I returned the lens after trying it for a week .
 I read all the other reviews on here and jumped to buy this lens . It seemed perfect for the price and since I am only an amateur I did n't need anything fancy . Well , the lens is no good ! The focus in low light is non existent . Even in the shade I could n't get a photo . It 's incredibly noisy and I could n't even switch into Macro mode . It was stuck ! So , do n't bother spending your money on this lens if you plan on taking good photos !!
 I bought this to adapt onto my sony nex 3 said it would but the camera sony nex 3 does n't recognize the lense so I ca n't use it so I need to send it back . Very dissapointing .
 I bought the Tamaron AF 70-300mm Macro Zoom Lens for Pentax . My item arrived from Amazon after 8 days -LRB- too long in my opinion -RRB- . Finally , I opened it and thought the lens attachment looked rather large . While trying to insert it into my Pentax camera , I saw the mount was WAY too large . I checked the box and a sticker -LRB- that Amazon put on -RRB- was for the item I needed , but the lens cap -LRB- installed by the manufacturer -RRB- says `` for Cannon '' . I 'm sure that all the boxes look similar , but ca n't they get the right sticker on the right box ???? I called and they said I would receive a replacement the next day . It 's the end of the next day and the website says `` Shipping Soon '' . Save yourself some time and buy locally !!!!!!
 I was excited to purchase this lens because of the decent reviews and a great price . However , the motor is slow and noisy . I could n't even get the lens to focus on my subject many times . The lens does not do macro shots as claimed . I was very dissatisfied and I have sent the lens back . I will stick to Canon brand lenses from now on .
 I have had this lens a little over a year now . Because I bought this in lieu of the cheap 18-55 starter lens that came with my Rebel XT -LRB- I bought it body only -RRB- I was n't so sure of how this was . Also I was relatively new to digital SLR 's so I did n't know enough to judge this lens then.A year and a half later and I have had no trouble with this lens . However I am not happy with it at all . Here is a detailed list of issues with this lens :1 . Made with light-weight plastic -LRB- sorry I like some weight to my products -RRB- 2 . The REALLY big problem , the images that this lens shoots are VERY soft . In order for me to get a nice photo in the end I have to run a few filters in Photoshop to crisp up the image . The softness gets worse the further you go out and by stopping down the aperture . -LRB- This lens shoots best at about 120mm and f9 -RRB- Almost forget smaller birds with this lens with those requirements .3 . Colors are awful . They are really dull and outright poor . -LRB- Again I have found a fix , if you shoot in RAW you can later adjust this easily -RRB- 4 . There is often a blue halo effect around objects you are shooting at a distance -LRB- 250-300mm -RRB- There is absolutely no fix to this . I have lost a great deal of good photos because of this issue .5 . Focus is outright nasty . I cant get this thing to find focus in mid-daylight much less the less ideal lighting situations -LRB- this lens will almost NEVER work indoors or on highly overcast and rainy days -RRB- . I know this list may run you away from the thought of this lens , however it is a great lens for some people.If you have Photoshop -LRB- Pro Version -RRB- you can use it to fix a lot of the problems with this lens . Or if you are using this lens to shoot still objects this lens will work fine . This lens still blows away on my Rebel almost any point and shoot so , it is better if you are upgrading from a point and shoot and have no desire to professionally shoot photos or to compete against pros -LRB- this lens most likely wont cut it unless you spend more time than it is worth in Photoshop -RRB- Canon Lenses are by FAR superior to any of the 3rd party lens I have used . The Canon Lenses are MUCH crisper and display the colors much more accurately . Also that blue halo I have only encountered maybe 2 times off of my Canon EF 28-105 3.5-4 .5 f lens . This however does it more times than I can count . I have also used some of the higher end `` L '' series Canon Lenses and of course they blow all of my lenses away . Point being , my cheaper -LRB- $ 300 -RRB- Canon Lens blows away this Tamron , however the `` L '' series blows away my Canon lens , you cant do much with this on a pro level.Just things to keep in mind when getting this lens , think to yourself , will you want to upgrade later ? If the answer is yes then just pay the extra for the Canon version of this lens . If no , then this may be the lens for you .
 I waited a whole week with anticipation for this lens . Now after trying for 2 days I 'm very disappointed.I have a Sigma 70-300 for my D70 -LRB- which works great -RRB- but ca n't work with my D40x so I ordered the Tamron because I heard it was pretty good . It shoots far and is about the same softness as the Sigma and would be a great lens but the CA -LRB- color fringing -RRB- is terrible . I live near the ocean and take lots of photos of ocean activities , surfing , canoe races etc. . Purple color fringing was a big problem . Had to use photoshop to remove it , too much work.I have owned Tamron lenses in the past with film SLRs and they were wonderful , but not this one.Would I recommend this to anyone ? Only if they ca n't or do n't want to spend the money for the Nikon 70-300mm . I wish that I would have gotten the Nikon or Sigma with HSM . Which I am now looking into.So if you want just a basic 70-300mm lens then this will probably work for you .
 I purchased this lense in a package deal , the first lense I got would not auto focus and it shuddered when trying to do so and was noisey when opperating , I took it back to the dealer , and he replaced it with another , this one focused ok but again it was not smooth , or for that matter quiet when doing so , I found I could not use this lense when opperating my DSLR in video mode as the noise of the auto focus motor fed over the audio track of the video , to be quite truthfull I feel that this lense is not worth the money people pay for it , as this was part of the camera package I purchased , I still feel short changed on what I got , if this is the quality of Tamron lenses , I will not be buying anymore any time soon , and I would advise anyone to put the extra cash towards what you want and get a decnt lense and certainly not Tamron
 Any pictures taken with this lens over 200mm will be pretty much useless , the lens also takes too long to autofocus , which means you will miss shots , for the price of this lens -LRB- cheap -RRB- , it is what it is , I would spend more for a better lens next time .
 The Amazon information for the Sony LA-EA2 states that A-mount lens will autofocus `` AF motor allows A-mount lenses to be used with E-mount camera bodies '' . This lens is a Sony A-mount , BUT it is not compatible with the Sony LA-EA2 . Auto focus does not work and after discussions with Sony they confirmed that there was a compatibility issue with this lens.It 's a good lens as long as you are using the above configuration .
 I connect it to hook up one of our CCTV camera over 100ft long and the picture is ok ; but I when I hook up other cameras over 200ft long and the pictures are so blurry and power loss often . The price was cheaper than everywhere but its quality is poor.Do not purchase this cheap quality wire which power loss and video picture blurry .
 For some inexplicable reason , the shuffle-play feature is severely handicapped . Not only must you activate it from the remote -LRB- there is no button on the player 's control panel to do this -RRB- , but it will only shuffle tracks on one CD at a time ! If this is important to you , beware
 I 'd be wary of this changer . The first one I bought failed mechanically -LRB- disk door would n't open -RRB- after 14 months of fairly frequent use . I rather foolishly -LRB- in retrospect -RRB- bought an identical model to replace it . This one failed after only 5 months . It plays one disk , but then hangs up and requires restarting to play another . I do n't know whether this is a poor product or just chance , but I thought I ought to let people know about it .
 This may be a good player but I 'll never know . I plugged it in and pushed the button to open it . The carousel opened about 1 inch and that was it . I returned it . -LRB- Great return policy by Amazon ! -RRB- I 'll not take a chance on ordering another . If this broke immediately , how long would it last ?
 BEWARE of ORANGE CHIMP , the rascals that took my money for this worthless piece of junk . I 've e-mailed them 3 times about the problems I had with this cd changer and those lovely folks have ignore all of them . I sure wish I had read the reviews before I purchased it.Power button works , disc ejector works and that 's it . It wo n't play the cd 's . I , just like one other reviewer , did n't plug it in before the short warranty ran out . That 's a mistake I wo n't make again . Judging from a lot of the other reviews you 've got about a 50 % chance you will have some significant problems with this thing.I have a recommendation for Amazon - you really should allow someone to award 0 stars on a product . When something does n't work it 's worthless !!! Period !!!
 We ordered one of these CD players as a Christmas gift to ourselves . The first one arrived and did not work . The CD tray would not spin . We returned it and just received our second one . It does not work either ! The tray spins , but there are places where it gets stuck . If you put a CD in spots 1-3 , it will find them and play them . But if you put a CD in slot 4 or 5 , it does n't find them . Also , when you hit the disc skip button to proceed to the next disc , sometimes it moves one disc over , sometimes it moves a few discs over , sometimes it starts spinning and spinning and does n't stop . So , we give up . I 'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt with one faulty player , but not with two in a row . There are obviously serious quality control issues with this product .
 I had a Kenwood 5 cd player for 10 years that finally died . I ordered the TEAC as it is one of the few that still had a 5 cd carousel format and was a reasonable price . This unit did n't work well from the getgo . It took forever for the carousel to turn . After 2 weeks it would n't play the cd I selected and would constantly default to cd # 1 . I then had a problem getting it to play after I had turned it on . The only thing it did well was to open and close . Once I got it to play it sounded fine , but it was just a series of frustrations getting this unit to work . I have just returned it for a refund as I could n't get a replacement on this item . The other options for a 5 CD carousel were either to expensive -LRB- JVC -RRB- or I read the terrible reviews on Sony so forget that one . I have reordered this unit and hope that the next one I get is better than this one turned out .
 This product did not work . Period . Unfortunately I did not test it within the ridiculously small return window so I will get almost nothing back on my return . If you still buy this , which I strongly recommend against , test the product immediately and do n't wait .
 I just recieved this TEAC changer today , Christmas Eve . I hooked it into my system and it played for 2 minutes then started to skip the CD . I cleaned the CD and put it back in a minute later and this changer would not read the CD . I put in several more CD 's and it continued not to read them . This is in just 5 minutes out of the box . MADE IN CHINA should have been the warning .
 Sound is great with no background hiss are machinery noise , but the carousel malfunctions in that it is almost impossible to play the disc in slot no. 1 .
 This product arived with no remote control or owners manual . The power cord has so many twisted curves it must have been hanging in the wind for weeks . There is someting very strange with this purchase . I do n't believe it 's new , but I paid the new price .
 Bought First one did n't work rite would not shuffle the CD 'S . No one here to talk to or call about this item.TeaC PD-D2610 5 CD changer .
 I have had this player since Feb. , and am very disappointed with it . It is extremely slow in reading the cd 's . It also has a problem reading cd 's that are not factory . I 've always been told that Teac is a superior productand that 's why I bought it , but never again .
 I purchased this unit because it said it was an Amazon product and from Amazon warehouse . It did not function when I received it , I took it to a repair shop , they said the carousel was not synched , the disc reader unit did not deploy . It was messed up . I tried to send it back but the cost of sending it back was almost equal to the price given it had to be back in NY State before 13 December . I will NOT purchase anything like this from AMAZON ever again .
 5-CD Carousel Changer with MP3 CD PlaybackI waited months before finally replacing my Technics 5 disc player which lasted 15 years . It was time for an upgrade anyway , and a gift from good friend . After reading all the positive reviews , We chose the Teac 5-cd player . It lasted three hours ! My first sign of trouble was the carousel door would open part way and then just close . I could n't load any CDs . After repeatedly pressing the door operation button , it finally operated enough to load 5 CDs . These CD 'd were all commercial purchases , nothing home burned . The player would n't recognize any of the discs and kept jumping to the next disc in an attempt to play . In the end it would n't play anything . Why is n't there a no star on the review choices ? I 've sent it back to Amazon , still waiting for replacement and not enjoying any music over the holidays . Be prepaired for a replacement or better yet , choose another player .
 I ordered this TEAC product from Amazon after looking at several different optional ones . I have -LRB- had -RRB- other TEAC products and have been happy with those . This one would not read a CD . Obviously the quality control did not exist or there was damage -LRB- not noticeable -RRB- during shipping . I probably will not order another electronic component on line and have to experience the hassle of this order .
 I actually bought this product as a return item and knew it was used . I know I should have gone with my gut feeling , but instead , bought it hoping that I would n't receive a `` lemon . '' I read reviews and was conflicted because some said , `` great '' and others , `` ungreat . '' -LRB- I know ungreat is not a word but you get my point . -RRB- Anyhow , the changer would simply turn on and off , open and close , and nothing else ! so today I returned it and hope to do a little more research before I decide to buy a cd player/changer .
 I 've had this unit for about 10 months and it has only seen light duty . However , the CD changer mechanism has finally ground to a halt . It was slowing down over the last few months , and now it does n't seem to ever center a CD in the proper location to play . So ... it 's now officially useless!It 's interesting that I have not been able to locate in the Amazon description , nor on the TEAC website , nor in the owner 's manual what the warranty period is . Oh yeah ... THAT ! I guess it does n't come with much of a warranty.However , it did serve us well as long as it lasted . My only minor complaint is that the shuffle only deals with one CD at a time - not much of a shuffle feature.I do n't consider a CD player a throw-away item . I 'll probably buy an inexpensive unit from Best Buy with an extended warranty . I rarely go for the extended warranty , but in this case , it seems to make sense . It 's not the electronics that go on these inexpensive units , it 's the mechanisms . If the next one craps out this quickly , at least I 'll get a new one .
 Did not like the Teac . Decided to Purchase Sony . I had good results in the Sony CD player from paence/st experi
 This equipment did not work very long and had to be replaced with another unit . I do not feel it was a good value for the money .
 The first player received would not open the carrousel and the unit had loose items inside it . It was returned . The second unit worked well , for maybe five times . The carrousel would refuse to completely open , then refused to completely close . Unplugging the unit from AC power and plugging it back in seemed to cure this problem each time , but that actually is something I prefer not to have to do . The remote seems to need a bit more attention in the design since some buttons do n't work every time . But , audio quality is on par with TEAC . I would not say that product quality , in as much as mechanical design , appearance , or remote control functions , are anywhere close to what I would expect from TEAC . Although it does seem to be an appropriate product coming out of a manufacturing facility located in a chinese prison . I can not believe that a company such as TEAC would lower its standards to have its products produced by anyone other than their own people . This is the last TEAC product I will ever purchase .
 After struggling with a friend for an hour trying everything in the world to make this player work , I had to give up and put it back in the box . It would sometimes play the CD in tray 3 , but ignored all the other trays and would just sit there doing nothing . Save yourself the heartache -- DO NOT BUY THIS PLAYER !!!!!! ADDENDUM -- 8/14/12Because I could n't find another changer that was 15 '' or less deep to fit in my entertainment center , I took a chance and re-ordered this changer . The second one works perfectly and sounds great ... today . I 'll keep you posted about how long it lasts .
 I was about to make a purchase when it was $ 105 . I had it added to my shopping cart . Then the price jumped to $ 127 . So the lost my purchase . Sorry ! Change back the price and I 'll buy .
 I 've owned several multi CD players , all Sony , but when I needed to replace one of them , I bought this Teac . Unfortunately , the `` shuffle '' mode only shuffles within one CD , not among all 5 , as do all the Sony 's . In addition , you ca n't turn the damn thing on or off with the remote . Had I known , I definitely would not have bought it , but it is n't worth the trouble to return it . However , my advice -- never buy TEAC . -LRB- I have a very old Teac open reel machine that I have n't used in decades but which seemed fine , but I guess the company went downhill since . -RRB- TEAC PD-D2610 5-CD Carousel Changer with MP3 CD Playback
 if you want to shuffle discs this is not good , , there is no shuffle button on the unit , you have to use the remote , also it will not shuffle discs , , only one disc at a time , then goes to the next disc
 It was Dead On Arrival . The 5-CD turntable would not turn to load CDs . No CD would play : - -LRB- However , I just love the Amazon return policy . The item was confirmed as DOA and back in the box with return shipping label within an hour .
 I purchased this player to use at an event where we needed music over many hours , switching often between tracks and discs . I tried the player out at home after receiving it and experienced some very minor issues but decided to use it at the event . Unfortunately the player stopped working correctly quite early in the event . The major problems were the disc tray not opening and the carousel not moving between discs - sometimes it would play one track on a particular disc , other times nothing would play . We scrambled to find another player and managed to make everything work , but it was a major inconvenience and caused a lot of stress at the time.The good news is that the return and refund with Amazon were easy and handled quickly . Looking again at the other reviews it seems there are perhaps some quality control issues - many units work fine , but a significant number have problems out of the box . If you do n't mind taking a chance and/or dealing with exchanges this could be a good player for you at a decent price ; I took the chance and lost at an inconvenient time , but the situation was resolved in the end . I wo n't , however , consider buying this Teac player again .
 Out of the box this unit did not work . Tried old & brand new cd 's but this unit would not get past reading the disk & sitting there on track one & not playing . Jumped through a number of hoops to try to get it going , but nada . Tks mucho to Amazon for a relatively painless return .
 Bought mine new here at Amazon . It worked initially but within a few months it stopped working . It simply would n't play . I had to throw it out . It 's easy to fall for the MP3 versatility compared to one without it , but I strongly recommend buying one without MP3 if you want to mainly listen to CD 's - or just find another brand .
 It simply did not work out of the box . I should have heeded the other reviews that said the same thing .
 Bought this unit , hooked it up and enjoyed it one time . A month or so later I went to use it again and it skipped on any CD I had in the drawer . Just past the return time period from Amazon I had to take up my beef with Teac . Sent them an e-mail . To their credit they called me the same day , telling me that if I shipped it cross country to CA , that they would repair it and send it back . I had discarded the packaging materials , so I took the unit to the UPS store , and was informed it would cost me $ 42.00 to box and ship this to CA . Not worth it for something with a retail cost of $ 120 . I sent Teac another e-mail informing them of the cost to ship this . No effort on their part to take ownership of the cost to make this right.BTW for those of you who like the multi-disk random shuffle - I discovered that this unit will not perform that function . It will only shuffle on one disk at a time .
 This CD player is cheap and Hums Loud also skips on CD 's even after cleaning CD 's and player lens . Super Bad purchase . This product should not be sold very unprofessional . Amazon DROP THIS VENDER.Hamilton Cook Jr. . USAF Retired
 Tray was sluggish to open and close and when loading the CD 's it would not always stop at the next slot . Sound quality was good and it played properly once loaded .
 I had to return this item twice . Both times because the changer would not work . The first one would not even open . It top of the unit appeared to be bent . The second would open but the carousel would not turn . I do n't think this unit can stand up to being shipped .
 Received in Amazon 's usual timely manner . Wife opened it on Christmas morning , everything worked , easy setup . Had music all day for the 1st time in a long while . No problems with occasional use over the next 3-4 weeks . 3 days ago , turned it on as usual and noticed noisy hum from unit . Now will not even recognize the presence of a CD in the carousel , including CDs it played w/o difficulty a few days before . Also , unit quit responding to the remote at the same time . Icing on the cake - 30 day return expired 5 days ago . Will return/replace anyway , but doubt I 'll replace it with a Teac unit . I 've been through 3 Sony home CD players , and each of them had intermittent problems with skipping during random tracks/disks , so no more Sony .
 load up the carousel with 5 cd 's and hit play , nothing happens . Cycle the power and it turns the carousel for awhile and hit play , nothing . When it does work , the repeat function fails . Sometimes it plays , most of the time it does not .
 When you have few choices in the home cd player market , you have to get the best compromise . My first Cd Carousel changer was a Sony . I loved it because it was super user friendly but very unreliable at playback which is a common problem among Sony Cd players . So I got rid of it and bought myself a Teak Carousel changer ; it plays MP3 CDs and all other CDs which is better than Sony . But , as far as features , Sony will crush this . Unlike my Sony , this one does n't shuffle all 5 CDs nor program all five at the same time . With the Teak you can only program one Cd at a time . To program a play list with the teak , you have to select the song # then click program after selection and that was very annoying where with the Sony , you press programm once and selcet your selections.Do I recommend it ? Well if you are like me who wanted a system that is reliable then yes I do recommed it but if you like a system that is user friendly with a lot more features , then Sony is a better alternative .
 I do n't usually write reviews but I 'm strongly compelled to do so in this case . I actually bought this player several months ago and I 've had nothing but problems . I stopped using it after about two months because it would not read any CD or MP3 discs , even commercial CDs ! When it first stopped working , I took it to a local repair place per TEAC 's instructions and it worked again for a few more weeks then stopped reading anything ! I gave up and started using my portable MP3 player , instead . A few times I 've gone back to it , tried burning a CD differently , only to find it will start reading a CD then stop!I did n't mind how cheapely it 's made -LRB- it feels like a practically empty box -RRB- but the bottom line is that it just does n't work . I 'm surprise to see ANY glowing reviews , but maybe , as someone else writes , it 's a quality control issue and there are many lemons with this product . I sure got one . Why take the risk?Now it 's too late to return it . I 'm so disgusted with it that I have a fantasy of throwing it off the roof of my house and seeing it shatter on the pavement below ... but that 's a bit extreme . Unfortunately , it 's going to the landfill -LRB- recycling facility , actually -RRB- , which is a shame . -LRB- Are you listening TEAC ?! -RRB- I strongly caution anyone from buying this product ! I 've wasted a lot of time and money trying to just get it to work . The thing is , I put a cheap after-market MP3/CD player in my car and that works BEAUTIFULLY !!! So I know it 's not the MP3 discs I 'm making and trying to play . I know there are n't many other options but this player is JUNK !!!
 The player worked for about 3 hours , then the remote stopped working . I put in new batteries and still no luck . I did not know whether it was a defective remote or if the sensor on the unit was defective , so I returned the unit . I later ordered a Yamaha CD player and am pleased with it.I have used TEAC products before and had no problems , but I did n't want to take a chance on another one of these .
 Did n't work at all . Returned it and ordered the Sony . Too bad , my previous Teac lasted 18 years . I do n't know if it 's poor QC or hidden shipping damage , but it 's the first device I 've ever received that did n't work at all . The lights would come on but that was it .
 Opened the box and hooked it up and it played for about ten seconds and quit . Never could make it work . I plan to return it and buy a better quality product . It is disgraceful for a manufacturer to sell such a worthless product .
 Product looks as if it would work well . HOWEVER , I ran into problems during installation and needed replacement parts . They were quite helpful initially with email but when I had to phone customer service they would not help unless I had the original sales receipt . So I now have a partially installed shield on the front of my iPod , with one corner sticking up , and a back without installation fluid with which to instal it . I can be treated badly for free ; why should I pay for the priveledge ? I 'd probably give the product 5 stars if I could install it but feel generous with the 2 stars considering their customer service policy .
 I have applied this product to a Creative Zen Vision M 30 Mp3 player and to a Sanyo cell phone.Extremely difficult to align when trying to apply to either Mp3 players , Cell phones and most likely to PDA 's . If you get even the tiniest bit of your fingerprint on the tacky side ... that 's it , it will show up and look terrible.In addition , if the most minescule bit of dust gets on the tacky side ... or alternatively on the item you try to apply it to , while you try to apply it , that 's it ... it will show up and look terrible.Very hard to get air bubbles out even using the supplied `` plastic squeegee `` Forget trying to re-position the Shield once it 's on ... it can be done , but stretches as you try to take it off ... . then it really looks TERRIBLE ! If you use the supplied little bottle of liquid as the instructions suggest , that makes it EVEN MORE IMPOSSIBLE to re-position or , get it off completly.The materiel does resist scratches better than anything on the market that I have tried , but unless you work with it in an absolutely `` DUST FREE '' area , use a `` tweezer not your fingers '' to hold it ... and do n't use the liquid they instruct you to use ... . you will just be wasting the money you paid for this OVERPRICED item .
 I got a black cartridge and a color cartridge . The black cartridge failed straight out of the box . I contaceted ANTonline -LRB- Amazon would n't deal with the problem -RRB- and they refused to claim any responsibility . They said take it up with the manufacturer . Just today -LRB- only a few months later -RRB- the color cartridge has stopped responding . The failure is bad enough that I ca n't get the printer to print black from a good cartridge . The products these people are selling are horrible , and their concern for the customer is about the same .
 I got a black cartridge and a color cartridge . The black cartridge failed straight out of the box . I contaceted ANTonline -LRB- Amazon would n't deal with the problem -RRB- and they refused to claim any responsibility . They said take it up with the manufacturer . Just today -LRB- only a few months later -RRB- the color cartridge has stopped responding . The failure is bad enough that I ca n't get the printer to print black from a good cartridge . The products these people are selling are horrible , and their concern for the customer is about the same .
 I like the whole idea of using a calculator on the computer but this one was n't laid out properly as it slowed me down instead of making me more productive.The tab key and control keys could have been placed better .
 Why is n't every 10 key like this with a screen?It should have a battery and frequently freezes up . There is a reset button that is recessed and a pain unless you have a pin.When it does work I do love it though .
 My D1718 just recently broke . I have only had it for 4 months ... just past the 90 warranty . I would rate our usage of it as medium.The unit worked great until it broke . It seems to have good features and the video resolution is pretty good . However , it now only plays cds . Anytime a try to load a dvd it spins up , makes a bad sound , and then says that no disc is inserted . I have tried the support site with no luck . I reset the software but still had no luck . Though this unit still plays cds , I would never buy a cheap audiovox unit again . It costs too much to throw away after 4 months .
 I bought this to replace a previous Audiovox 7 '' DVD player where the screen went black after only 2 years time -LRB- what was I thinking ! -RRB- . The D1718 does not have the Audio/Video IN/OUT feature prominently promoted - still to this day - in the company 's own online owners manual . The AV input is the only major feature that I needed on this - I wo n't even use the DVD player portion of it . After calling Audiovox , they were not willing to do anything to help me out , nor even make sure that their product specifications on their own corporate web site 's owner 's manuals were accurate for their product . Buyer Beware - Audiovox does n't care one bit about their customers and it seems that they also do n't care one bit about the accuracy of their product specifications . Avoid Audiovox products like the plague , as you 'll never know what you are getting !
 Do n't waste your money on this product ! Although it is inexpensive for all the features you get , do you want to be buying another DVD player in 3 months when the warranty runs out like I have to ? As soon as our warranty ran out , the screen began to cut out when the unit got warmed up - after say 10 minutes . -LRB- Imagine turning off your kids ' show after only 10 minutes , imagine the crying they would do !! -RRB- After cooling down for hours it would play for another 10 minutes and quit again . I used the a/v out jack to hook it to the TV and it worked - it was a bad connection between the DVD player and the screen.A local repair shop said no one can repair Audiovox units , they are `` disposable '' since Audiovox wo n't sell parts to repair shops . You have to send the unit back , and then Audiovox tells you it will cost $ 80 to repair the unit . A NEW one barely costs that ! Since we ca n't have it repaired , we took the thing apart and looked at it . It 's built with the cheapest components imagineable . The connection on the ribbon cord to the screen was flimsy , no wonder it broke . FYI my repair shop said to invest in a Panasonic unit and I 'm going to .
 I have had this for awhile but it only worked about 4 times . The screen is too dark and unwatchable when it is on full brightness . Even in a dark room . I would avoid this DVD player .
 I wanted to use this product for travel and as an additional DVD player for our bedroom . The travel portion worked fine . The problem is that I did n't attempt to hook it up to our bedroom TV until about four months after I bought it . The manual instructs the user to switch the AV in/out switch to `` out '' when connecting to a TV . Problem is , there is NO AV in/out switch ! After doing an internet search , I discovered that the AV jack supposedly detects an external device and switches accordingly . Clearly , the manual should have mentioned this ! In any event , it still did n't work . Nothing but static and noise.In summary , if you want to use it for a standalone DVD player , it 's ok , but do n't waste your time or money if you need to use it with a TV .
 Beware to all who purchase from Ocean Reef Electronics . I purchased a DVD player in November 2011 as a Christmas present for my Mother . After she opened the gift , she found that the battery for the DVD player would not charge . I contacted Ocean Reef Electronics , and they told me they only had a 30 day return policy and could not help me . I was told to go directly to the manufacturer to see if they would do anything.I feel it is the responsibility of the seller - Ocean Reef Electronics - to either refund or replace the product . They should have to contact the manufacturer , not the buyer .
 I title this poor because it is what I am after getting ripped off by this crappy product . Not worth a penny .
 I wanted so bad to like this company . Seemingly cool looking products . I like design , and Vessels products have the aesthetic I 'm after . I bought the 4-set of Candelas in the Moma store in NYC , after charging them for 24 hours , 2 of the 4 did not work for longer than 3 minutes . I returned them to the store . 3 weeks later , 2 of the new Candelas started diminishing 10x faster than the other 2 . I then contacted Vessel , who was surprisingly unfriendly and not very helpful . After a vigorous letter , I received 2 replacement Candelas -LRB- i marked them on the bottom -RRB- which lasted - get this - 2 weeks before fading out after 10 minutes . I sent the whole thing back to Vessel - who told me without the original receipt , could not refund me . I promptly told them to keep them . Terrible business practices , and useless product . How can a company like this stay in business > ?
 I bought two sets of this product about 18 months ago and not ONE of the EIGHT lamps still works . I only used them about 5 times
 We purchased two of these a while back , and used them occasionally . Great idea , and very stylish . Unfortunately after a few months the charger in one base died . We bought a replacement , but after a few months both the replacement and the other original base died as well . That 's three dead bases in a matter of months . We wrote to Vessel to complain and ask for replacements , but they never bothered to respond . Neat idea , but bad engineering and bad customer support results in one star for this product .
 I saw these in a swanky hotel and loved them ! I got a set for my home , and used them regularly . I considered them `` expensive '' , but I figured that if they stood up to regular use in a hotel , they must be durable and safe.I still consider them beautiful - they offer a candle ambiance without the soot and fire risk.I was dismayed that their light soon started to last a shorter and shorter time . I considered replacing the batteries , but considering how much I paid , I was n't interested in spending even more money on them when they seemed to `` wear out '' in a matter of a few months.I would rate them a `` 5 '' if : ... they were far less expensive , or ... the manufacturer would provide the first set of replacement batteries free , or ... they used some sort of standard rechargeable battery -LRB- I 'm a big fan of rechargeables - I used them in all my battery-powered devices . -RRB-
 I got the Candella and was thrilled . It was the perfect reading light - soft glow and I would rest it on my chest while I laid in bed . A bedtime reader 's essential tool . After about six months , all four `` candles '' instead of charging at the base , they would turn on and when I removed them , they would turn off . This was completely the reverse of what it should do . After a couple weeks , I just tossed them . Now that I read the helpful advice about reattaching the battery , I 'd like to give it another shot , but I 'm not thrilled that this little gadget seems to have a pesty design flaw .
 I have used this Vaio for about three weeks now , and have been quite pleased with it 's performance . Everything has worked as it should . The main problem I had was simply adapting to Windows Vista . However , this computer comes with so much useless preloaded software ! I probably spent two hours clearing away all the AOL , CNN , Corel and other trial programs just so I could feel like it was my own computer.The hardware is fast . The RAM is abundant . The battery lasts for a very long time , which is why I chose it over other laptops . The screen is sharp except for viewing it from an above point of view . The built-in wireless hardware is fast , simple and reliable . The case is lightweight , yet not too fragile . I love good product design!I will use it for design presentations and on-the-road design work . I would still purchase this if I had to do it all over again . ** Item severely malfunctioned after 18 months . See comment below .
 I have an issue with Sony Corp. . I purchased a Notebook Computer VGN-240E / B Series on 06/23/07 at the Base Exchange store at the Little Rock Air Force Base . I paid $ 1348.00 for it . It came with a 1 year Warranty . On the evening of Nov. 18 , 2007 my husband was using the PC , he then closed the lid and left it sit on the end table . About 20 minutes later I picked up the PC and opened the lid , I then took it out of the sleep mode and the screen began looking strange to me . It went completely white on of the left hand side and it looked like it had a crack diagonally across it . I then showed it to my husband and he looked at it . I then called Sony right away . I first had to explain all this to them 3 times . I told them that the computer was never dropped or banged or abused in any way . I also told them that I have no children in my home nor does the computer leave the house.Then after about 2 hours I was told to take it to fed-ex and ship it to the Sony San Diego repair center . I did that on the 11/19/07 @ 1:41 pm . Then on 11/22/07 I received an email from Sony stating that they did get the PC and they have determined that it has physical damage to it ! They said I would have to pay $ 762.99 for labor , parts , tax if applicable and shipping to return the unit back to me . They said that this type of damage is not covered under the 1 year warranty . I tried to call them but they were closed due to the holiday ! I tried to call again on 11/23/07 , they were still closed.I called again on 11/24/07 and talked to a representative that basically told me the same thing the email said . He told me to call back on Monday 11/26/07 and ask to speak to the Technician who was working on the unit -LRB- John -RRB- . I did just that , I called Monday and after going through the whole issue again I finally was transferred to John in the San Diego Dept. John told me the same thing the emailed said . I told him there is no way I would settle for this because I know that neither myself nor my husband did any damage to this unit ! He said the only thing they could do is ask a supervisor if he would discount the repair cost , but most likely it will only be $ 100 . I told John no way . That $ 100 will only pay for the shipping cost , and I do n't feel I have to pay anything because I still had 215 days left of the 1 year warranty ! So after going on & on about how I know I did no damage to the unit and I should not have to be out of pocket $ 762.99 after just paying $ 1348 for this computer 150 days ago . He told me he would talk to his supervisor and see what could be done . He said he would call me back before 5pm my time . He never called ... When I got home I called , they were closed for the day.I called back on 11/27/07 . After getting the run around and being told 2 times in one hour that John is on break , I finally spoke to someone . She told me the same story about only discounting it by $ 100 . She then told me I could take it up to the next level which was National Consumer Relations . I told her sure ; she then put me on hold while transferring me.Then John picked up the phone . He was shocked that I was on the line ; he was not expecting it to be me . He said he spoke to 2 supervisors and they said only $ 100 discount . He also said he had requested that a supervisor call me . He said I should get a call within 24-48 hours . I ask him what number he told his supervisor to call me at and he said my work and home phone numbers . He said that after I talked to the supervisor if I was no satisfied I could ask him to transfer me to the National Consumer Relations Dept. Or I could call back and be transferred and get transferred 3-4 times before getting to where I needed to.On 11/28/07 I still had not heard from a Sony supervisor as of 4pm my time . I called Sony again . I was finally transferred to the San Diego Dept. where I talked to Robert . Robert stated that a supervisor did call me but did not get an answer so he left a message . I ask him what number the supervisor called he said my home phone number . He then read notes to me that the supervisor left on the file . When I was not happy with the offer that Sony was making -LRB- $ 100 discount only -RRB- I ask to be transferred to the National Consumer Relations Department . I talked to Jose-CVB9 ; he stated the same thing that I have been told since the beginning . That `` there is physical damage , and that the 1 year warranty does not cover physical damage '' . I told him that Sony is claiming there was physical damage because they do not want to stand behind their product and repair this unit , and that there has to be defects in this product if simply using enough pressure to open it would cause the LCD screen to crack . But of course he denied that . He then went on to say the only thing they could offer was to give me a $ 100 discount . I told him no thank you , and that Sony will regret not standing behind their products sooner or later.If anyone can help me with this issue I would be most grateful !
 This is a horrible laptop . Looks good and sleek , but is a piece of junk . My hard disk crashed twice . First time was within two months of purchase in last May . It crashed again today , and have just now got off the call with Sony support . Need to send the laptop to get the disk replaced . Thankfully it is still under waranty . Never buy a Sony laptop . They are over priced and not at all reliable . Also this model heats up real bad , tat you cant place it on your lap after half hour of use . Also the attery drains of in little more than 2 hours . It could probably be because of Vista , but I am totally disappointed .
 I have owned this product for a couple of years now . Bought it directly from Panasonic . Reproduces very good . I found it very annoying that it depletes batteries very quickly , in a couple of weeks even when disconnected . Also construction is very poor and the case lost the printed indications and color very quickly ; looked beaten up in less than six months .
 In combination with my Alpine CDA-9833 , this Boss sub sounded like junk . I could not get the bass to sound decent between any 2 songs after MANY configuration variations , and I returned it to Amazon . This is the second Boss product I have dealt with recently -LRB- low profile 10 '' sub w / built in amp -RRB- and I was very disappointed this time .
 Seriously , I really do n't know how they did the math to rate this amplified sub at 800-Watts . My speakers deliver a lot more bass than this unit and I am not talking about top notch speakers . I usually glance over some reviews before buying something but frankly , I can not understanding how is it possible that 6 people have given this product 6 stars . It 's a joke ! right ? Do yourself a favor add $ 20 to $ 30 more and get something else .
 I got this system thinking it was a great deal , well folks you get what you pay for . Only a month and a half after a bought the product the fan on the right hand side starting buzzing ... it was buzzing so loud that I could n't even watch a movie . THIS IS NO ISOLATED INCIDENT - if you read customer forums all over the internet you will learn that many many people have had the same problem with this unit . It 's no coincidence that KOSS mysteriously stopping producing this product only 3 months after it was released.KOSS CUSTOMER SERVICE
 I read the negative reviews for Koss DVD players online , but I thought I 'd give it a shot anyway , as Sears had a good deal over Christmas . Well , the 90 day warranty ran out a few weeks ago , and now the machine is nothing but a big silver paperweight . Wo n't read ANY disks anymore . Had not had a single problem till this , but on every review site , people describe similar experiences . Ugh . I guess I deserved it .
 We purchased this product from Sears right before christmas of 05 . The purchase price was 149.00 . I should have known that meant it was cheap , but we were on a budget , so we bought it anyway . We had no problems with it until August of 06 . When the disc was playing , all the color on the tv turned green . Then the screen went black , but we still had sound . We called customer service who told us to send it to them and it would cost us 130 dollars to have it fixed . The whole thing just feels like a scam . Would anyone actually send it in ? I will never purchase a Koss product , and I hope they go bankrupt due to their business dealings .
 I bought the Garmin GPSMAP 60CSx . I turned it on and explored its basic functions . It quickly found my location to within 9 feet . Good so far , you might say . The built-in map is very generic . In order to do anything useful , you need to register your device and download maps from Garmin itself . I proceeded to do so . I created an account under MyGarmin and bought the map
 next gps i will buy is a magellan triton 2000 and then use the national georaphics topo maps . the best hiking gps/map combination available in the market today .
 I 've had this unit a couple of years . I had earlier garmin units , an etrex and then a couple of vistas , that I loved . I used them for both road and trail navigation . But it seems with Garmin the more you pay the less you get.The maps on the vistas ' were far superior -LRB- i have no idea what they 're like now -RRB- . All you have with this one are major highways and city names . And no topo - none.For road use ; if you 're looking for the distance to say St Louis ; the unit takes over after you enter the space and gives you a list of all the local towns/cities that start with St. The only thing you can do is move the entire * # & ^ ! map over to near St Louis , then type in ST and scroll down and pick St Louis - then you can get your distance - for what it 's worth . I still have n't figured out what the highway thing is supposed to do.Frankly , I 've stopped using it . Without the additional maps all it 's good for is marking waypoints and you can get that , and much much more , in less expensive units.My first problem with Garmin came years ago when my original etrex would n't turn on . To get it fixed , after tacking on shipping charges , would have cost more than purchasing a new one . My last problem with Garmin is this unit .
 Looked Good . Functioned Well . Map Upload Was great.Unfortunately , the Backlight stopped working on Day one!GREAT CREDIT to Amazon for immediately replacing it though!Hopefully , the replacement unit will last longer .
 All I can say is the unit looked nice as to how well it worked I ca n't really say since the first time I went to use it to go fishing the button which connects the unit to the belt clip -LRB- with the tinyest screw I ever saw -RRB- broke clean off whith ease and sunk to the bottom of the ocean . after reporting this to the sellor Amazon they coulc care less . ever wonder why you ca n't leave them feedback it 's probebly cuz they would have the worst rating of all sellors . thanks for nothing Amazon !
 I just recieved my Garmin GPS 60CSx and after some help from Garmin , the help was good , installed the Topo 2008 for the Southeast.I live on a Lake which is over 200 acres and has been in the area and a part of the Geography here in the Alpharetta , GA area since around 1980 . So , where is the lake ? its not on the map , yet it has been here for 25 years . All the map shows is a stream that runs through the area.If this map is this poor , its not going to help me go where I need to go . This is in a word unacceptable !
 I would not trust the 60CSx while hiking!Both of my 60CSx units were initially within Garmin 's + / - 45 ft accuracy specification . After just one week of daily usage the first 60CSx lost sensitivity and could not lock on to more than 4 satellites . Position errors were typically + / - 200 ft as viewed on the Satellite page . This error would also show as erratic tracks when viewed on the Map page . Using the WAAS feature did not improve its performance . Large Trip Computer errors would build up when the unit was stationary.The replacement 60CSx held to Garmin 's + / - 45 accuracy for 7 weeks . It could decode and track 8 to 10 satellites . Suddenly , position accuracy degraded to over + / - 200 ft. This unit could lock on to 6 satellites . The WAAS feature did not improve accuracy or reduce display noise . When held in one position in my back yard for 1.26 hours in Tigard , Oregon the Trip computer showed the following drift
 There are several reasons why I 'm unhappy with this product -1 . It repeatedly falls off the Garmin bicycle handlebar mount . So far one screen cracked -LRB- `` only '' $ 200 for repair , thanks Garmin Thailand ! -RRB- , one unit completely lost . Now I also tie it on the bike .2 . The processor is SO slow , it drives me insane . Come on Garmin , for the amount you charge you should upgrade this .3 . The screen is tiny and impossible for me to read without reading glasses4 . The plastic screen that covers the LCD screen is fragile and broke in my bag on a business trip . Finally found a replacement second hand on on ebay for around $ 40 as I 'm not paying $ 200 to Garmin Thailand again and that is their service charge for any repair .5 . When you buy a new unit to replace the one that fell out of the Garmin handlebar mount they also expect you to pay again for the maps you bought for the first one . This is ridiculous , at around $ 150 for the SE Asia map . I can see why some people choose to illegally download them from the internet.I 'd like to buy a new GPS but unfortunately the new Garmin Edge 800 also has a tiny screen , and to be honest I 'd prefer to try another brand anyway . If anyone knows of a GPS with a bigger screen that is suitable for cycling , please message me or comment on this review .
 I have used this unit for about 45 days of field work over two summers . It was always kept in a case and handled gently . It stopped powering up in the field . Seems to be the power switch . Worked well while it lasted but was not reliable for me .
 I 'm a geocacher with 20,000 + finds . I used the 60Csx for years and LOVED it ! I touted it as the VERY BEST geocaching GPSr on the planet . But then my 3rd 60Csx failed and I sent it in for exchange . The factory refurbed 60Csx I received was different . The unit was very inaccurate and nothing I did solved the problem . It 's accuracy was always only about 50-60 feet . When I discovered this I emailed Garmin Tech Support with a detailed explanation of how my performance seemingly vanished with my exchange unit . Garmin DID NOT RESPOND ! So I did some googling and discovered that Garmin had CHANGED THE CHIPSET -LRB- the brains of the unit -RRB- from a SirfStarIII to a cheapo MTK chip on ALL MODELS MADE AFTER 2008 . The cost-saving MTK chip began appearing in all new Garmin handhelds and their performance spiraled into the ground . I own a Garmin 62s and a Garmin 60Csx and I would not recommend either unit , or any Garmin handheld , as a geocaching device . How do you tell which chipset the unit has ? Do this
 All the raves by the others are true ... fast satellite acquisition , big color screen , huge memory -LRB- if you buy the chip -RRB- but one thing makes me want to throw it out the window
 I was very dissappointed with the Garmin 60 CSX . I am a regular NUVI 360 user and like it very much . The 60CSX is no where near as bright as I had expected . The manual is very poorly written and very little of the product is intuitive . You need to purchase and additional $ 100 TOPO 24 map for trails and a $ 50 2 GB SD micro chip to store the data . hen you ca n't read the topo information on the GPS . The downloading of data is a real pain . Also the SD card holder is very fragile and poorly designed.Amazon was great and let me return it . Go Amazon !
 I was looking for a `` Top of the line '' consumer product - and have had good luck with Garmin aviation products in the past - so I thought the GPSMAP 60CSx was a good choice.Though the unit does have some nice features - but it has some glaring deficiencies that must be acknowledged for the sake of would-be buyers.NO MAPS ARE INCLUDED WITH THE UNIT . OK - there is a `` base map '' that comes with it - but it only includes major highways . Even in a `` big city '' there are n't enough streets shown to figure out where you are with any degree of precision . In rural areas or small towns - you will appear to be out in a field when you 're actually walking down Main street . The `` Base Map '' included is nothing but a tease - COMPLETELY worthless.THE `` OPTIONAL '' MAPS ARE EXPENSIVE - Figure on spending at least $ 60 for a detailed map that includes the lower 49 -LRB- lower 49 ?! Wonder if that includes Hawaii or ??? -RRB- This is just plain `` cheap '' on Garmin 's part . The POS Nextar GPS I bought for $ 59 2 years ago has detailed maps included . Ca n't Garmin do you the same courtesy when you spend $ 2oo + for their `` premium '' GPS?THE INCLUDED MICRO SD CHIP IS TOO SMALL TO DOWNLOAD A MAP TO . Geesh guys - thanks for the `` free '' 1GB Micro SD chip . Too bad the smallest map takes 1.2 GIG ! I had to go out and buy one for $ 15 . Is n't your customer 's convenience worth that much?YOU CA N'T DOWNLOAD MAPS DIRECTLY TO THE GPSMAP 60CSx ! That 's right - this top of the line product ca n't just be hooked to your PC with the USB cable to download the upgrades . You have to download the map to the Micro SD with an adapter . Another trap - the software used for downloading does n't `` know '' that the GPSMAP 60CSx ca n't directly accept a download - it implies that it can , then will stubbornly try to do it - making you waste time until it times out with no helpful error message.Garmin 's licensing and copy-protection schemes make you jump through quite a few hoops . In spite of the fact you ca n't download maps directly to this unit - you * MUST * have the unit attached to the PC while you 're downloading AS WELL AS having the micro SD attached . Apparently Garmin 's software does n't like Mozilla Firefox either . Trying to use that browser wo n't show you the option link you need to select the Micro SD as a download destination . Downloading the 1GB + file - even at DSL speeds - DID take quite a long time . Apparently Garmin 's `` time remaining '' feature on the connection software is schizophrenic - as it bounced between 21 minutes and 45 minutes and a few other random numbers before it finally finished - some large number of hours later - I got tired and went to bed 3 hours after it started downloading . `` Maddening '' and `` Patience-trying '' are two good terms for what you will endure installing maps on this device . If I have a Garmin software `` engineer '' with me when I was doing , I likely would have throttled him before the night was over . It 's * THAT * bad.Bitches aside - time will tell how useful this unit is , but if actually using it is near as painful as just installing a map - I do n't have high expectationsSo - go ahead and buy this unit in spite of my and other warnings about what it wo n't do or does poorly . I 'm sure it has redeeming qualities I have n't discovered yet - but DO BE ADVISED that getting to any level of basic useability , you WILL be spending another $ 75 + bucks just for continental US road maps . Topo or international will set you back more.Consider buying a unit where this is included .
 The maps that this comes with are useless . The maps you have to buy for it are very expensive -LRB- can easily cost more then the unit itself -RRB- . When you buy the maps , you do n't really own them . They can only be used in that one GPS . If you buy a new GPS , you have to buy the same maps again -LRB- not cheep -RRB- for each unit.I had two Garmin GPS units and was expecting to use my basic road maps -LRB- $ 125 -RRB- on both . I had to pay -LRB- $ 99 -RRB- to get a code to put them on the second unit .
 I bought this unit to use when bicycling , and mounted it on my handlebars using the Garmin bar mount . The unit shuts off whenever moderate road vibration is encountered . It shuts off so much it is completely unusable . After searching the web , it turns out that this is a common problem with most all Garmin GPS units , caused by the batteries breaking contact when the unit is vibrated . I unsuccessfully tried all the `` fixes '' described on the internet to hold the batteries in place , but it turned out the problem is caused by bad design - the internal battery connector is not hard wired to the PC board in the unit , instead a metal connector presses against the board . When vibrated , the connector breaks contact and the unit powers off . Garmin apparently applies only a temporary fix to the unit and does not hard wire the connector when units are sent back to them .
 I bought it as I was traveling to Croatia and wanted a rugged , waterproof GPS.I discovered after buying it that the maps were very expensive -LRB- $ 300 -RRB- . And Garmin does all it can to prevent open source mapping applications from accessing the internals of their devices . So I used it without a map.It would at least help me get back to my hotel every night.The warranty on the unit is only 1 year . This is absurdly short for a premium priced product.The keypad failed on my unit shortly after the warranty expired . After a 25 minute wait on the phone for customer service -LRB- that 's service ? -RRB- the woman on the phone informed me that the cost to swap my unit for a functional gps would be $ 150 !!!!! That is WAY more than half the amount I payed for the the unit in the first place.I took meticulous care of this GPS . For example , the plastic is still attached to the LCD screen to prevent scratches ! Yet it failed.I have never owned a Garmin product before and am now very dubious about their quality control.And I am extremely unhappy with their customer service . I plan on spending a great deal of time and effort getting out the word on their customer service.Patrick
 I was disapointed that my new Garmin 60CS still has the old exit numbers for I-95 in its integrated basemap . The planning and migration to the new exit numbers has been in process for years . Yet Garmin has not taken the time to update the exit numbers for their newest GPS units . Garmin 's response to my inquiry was `` yes , the basemap is old '' and `` no , we are n't planning on updating it . '' At $ 500 a unit , I feel customers deserve an accurate basemap .
 I would love to buy this but they do n't have Mac support despite their press release to the contrary months ago.I might buy it and tape it to a GPS with Mac support just to have a second opinion .
 THIS PRODUCT HAS LOTS OF SOFTWARE PROBLEMS . IN ADDITION , THE U.S. MAPPING SOFTWARE THAT COST $ 88.00 DOES NOT COMPLETELY DOWNLOAD .
 After using this GPS for several years , I have never had a problem with it . I did note that the professional reviewers were still rating this as one of the best units ` out there ' and a great buy for the money . Accuracy is excellent as is battery life . Anyone can use this as the directions are well done and the unit is well designed for easy use . A real keeper .
 The features do not remotely live up to the hype . The base map is close to useless and without the addition to the add on map , will do no more than a $ 150 gps . If I still had the box , I would send it back
 The product ARRIVED with no problem . I had to download so many updates to actually use it for the intended purpose I needed -- Geo Caching . After 3 uses -LRB- used it on 3 different occasions -RRB- it stopped working . DID NOT DROP IT , did not do anything to it but place it in a drawer , and when I turned it back on there was NO DISPLAY . After calling the company Garmin , who will be replacing the product , they stated that I had received a corrupted product . I am annoyed at having spent $ 360 only to have to spend another $ 30 to send the product back . Will I ever buy an electronic product over the internet . . NO . Will I ever buy another electronic product from Amazon -- NO !!
 The rating does not truly reflect the product 's quality but I could n't give it a higher than one star because I never received the unit ... because Amazon never sent my order !
 That 's right folks ! You 've seen it before spammed on your favorite websites ! Now you too can own this one of a kind GPS ... oh wait , you already all have a GPS in your iphone so what is the point of these again ? There is none , that 's why Garmin is paying people to post links to this thing all over the internet . Welcome to 1990 with your handheld GPS brick . Peace out .
 I 'm a smart guy , but even I got fooled by this one . Although the product description states that the device comes pre-loaded with a maps of the U.S. , it contains data only for US Interstates and major US Highways -LRB- not even all of them -RRB- . Furthermore , the built-in maps are of such poor quality that this device is essentially useless out-of-the-box . Garmin designs their products so that only their proprietary maps will work on the device , so you have to buy them . Add $ 130 plus S&H for maps to whatever you expect this device to cost you . I could n't be more angry about my purchase .
 Downloaded a map of london onto the unit and it wiped out my Topo US 24k West SD chip . On line at Garmin does not warn you of this prior to download . Customer Service said they could not make this up to me and basically they were sorry that their site does not address the issue prior to download . They stated you have to by a blank SD chip to download another map even though the online download states there is room to download additional maps . Garmin makes a good product and this GPS is one of the best . Their corporate greed is problematic . They have lost me as a customer , though they do not really care .
 Could not make contact with the USB connection with the computer . After a 30 '' wait on phone , tech support tried and was unable to connect with a Compaq , Windows XP , explaining that GPSMAP 60CSx was incompatible . Therefore , could not download maps .
 I got a Garmin Colorado , which was horrible , with buggy software , so I returned that and got this based on the quality of the reviews . I should have known better -- this unit is buggy as well . I loaded map data into it and off I went for a family trip to Vermont . Well , when the unit figured out I was in Vermont , it forgot all the map data ! I had luckily brought the data with me , so I reloaded it . Then the same thing happened again when I returned home to Oregon -- no more map data.The hardware seems sound , but Garmin needs to ship products with software that works . I tried calling customer support and was told to expect a 15-20 minute wait . Their phone support gets one star out of five from www.gethuman.com , and I understand why.Update as of 1/1/09
 I 've used Garmin Nuvi 's and the GPS on my phone - soooo easy . This thing - OMG , I hate it ! I ca n't figure it out for the life of me and I find it irritating that it does n't `` come '' with more maps -LRB- why is it that my phone has the simple maps , yet I 'd have to pay $ 79.99 for road maps for this thing ? -RRB- . I expected this to be simple . I do n't want to spend a great deal of time trying to learn how to use something , that negates the point of wanting to get out and go.I 'm returning it . YUCK !
 Not so happy with my choice . At first we were thinking get past the learning curve . After some 30 geocaches we deternined it is constintly 23 to 36 feet off the target . Sometimes it just seems drunk . When others in the group are all gathering in the same general locations we found ourselves constantly some 27 feet away . Guess it 's the luck of the draw . We just got a bad one . Love the features , it just does n't get us to the find . Back to our old Migellon 210 .
 If Garmin made an iPod it would be 2 '' thick , you would have to turn it off and on again every time you loaded a tune , it would only load tunes after you unlocked them , it would need a 76 page manual and a 104 page manual to operate , it would be covered with little rubber knobs.Look this is a good unit , I will probably get some use out of it , I did buy it after all , it does seem to work , but it is user unfriendly the point of being comic . Just what I do n't need when I am tired and lost .
 I purchased a garmin GPSMAP 60CSx . I like a fool for purchasing this unit . I am returning it.Don ' t get me wrong . The display is wonderful . The unit is small , light and easy to carry . The display is easy to read even in daylight . The unit even comes with a `` bonus cable enclosed , '' according to garmin . But would n't you expect them to enclose the cable ? Is n't the whole purpose of spending the additional $ $ $ for this unit to receive the ability to connect it to your computer and download the maps you want to use on your hiking trip -LRB- or whatever -RRB- ? They had better include a cable , right?And , what about the maps ? The base map that is preloaded on this unit is useless . Do not purchase this unit if you expect any mapping functionality from the base map . To get any half-decent mapping functionality from this unit , you will have to shell out another several hundred dollars to garmin and only to garmin . As far as garmin knows , no other maps will work on their units . By the way , garmin 's maps do n't rate that well by customers either.I feel cheated by garmin , because all of their marketing , including the box cover , shows only the additional maps . Sure , they cover their butts by including small print that reminds us all that the wonderful pictures of the amazing display are , of course , `` Shown with optional MapSource data . '' However , the optional data could be the font for all one knows . There is nothing that details or even mentions the exceptionally poor quality of their base map.Do not purchase this unit unless you are willing to shell out another several hundred dollars to garmin for maps . The cost of the unit is only half of what it could cost you to put maps on this thing . I had wanted mine to use for hiking , sailing and perhaps even driving . The maps alone would have cost me over $ 600 . Unless you are willing to shell out several hundred dollars more for maps , do yourself a favor and purchase a less expensive model and pick up some topo maps . The lesser expensive models will still give you grid coordinates like this one will . You can use the extra cash to buy a new tent , a new stove and probably some climbing gear.On a more personal note
 The Garmin GPSMAP 60Csx is unable to connect to MANY PCs via the USB port . This makes it impossible to download maps , waypoints , etc. . I 've had mine for over 2 months and have been unable to connect it to either of my PCs . Garmin 's technical support folks have been completely unresponsive.I would give it zero stars , but that was n't an option . I will NEVER buy anything from Garmin again !
 Functional but not intuitive , difficult to use . Topo 24K is not at all what I expected . Still struggling to learn how to use after several trips to the mountains and the desert . Unit and software are better than nothing , but not by much ...
 Nice looking unit , everything seems to work , GPS , compass , altimiter , but it does not come with any maps , the map page is blank . Of course you can buy them for $ 100 from Garmin . All the advertisements say this unit comes with a base map , do n't believe it . I plan to return this for false advertising .
 This is a nice unit . I would n't buy anything like this from amazon though . Their service is awful . Plus I found cheaper prices on other online and brick and mortar shops . Nice unit but shop around .
 I understand that the base maps are basically useless , and that I 'd be looking at additional cost to load additional material to fully utilize the device . What I was not prepared for is the insane difficulty there would be 1 -RRB- installing and 2 -RRB- unlocking the maps.The unlock wizard and online tools `` developed '' are misleading , lumbering , counterintuitive , archaic , and almost completely useless.The windows based unlocking tool does not recognize my online user id , although it was created and used multiple times during the installation process , the MapSource software recognizes my unlock key but says the maps are not installed , my GPS unit says the maps are found but can not be unlocked , online tool says they are installed and unlocked ... I 'm wiping out and reinstalling x3 !! I 've been going around in circles for 5 + hours and still no success .
 Although NEVER mentioned in the product description , Garmin GPS units in this general category are NOT Mac compatible . They work ONLY with Windows . For such a well-known brand , this is surprising and extremely inconvenient . The ramifications of this are that the GPS works fine in the field , but waypoint transferring and mapping must be done on a PC platform . Do n't have a PC ? You 're out of luck . Something I wish I had known before spending several hundred dollars on the receiver .
 My review really breaks down into two categories
 I bought a garmin gps 60csx for several hundred dollars for use in all situations , trails , water , road , and paid $ 100 in US road map softward so I could also use it in my car to find addresses . The software is very user-unfriendly . I do a search for an address in Florida and it ca n't find a street that 's been there for 30 years . It does n't even have Miami on its list of cities . I am sure there is a way to figure it all out if I spend hours studying it , but its Garmins non-user friendly system and you should n't have to do that . It 's crap . You 'd be better off buying cheap $ 100 car gps with free road map . But do n't buy Garmin , they do n't know what user friendly is . And getting hold of tech support to help . You can , but the wait will be long , if not impossible
 As a geo cacher , i bought this to use inside my vehicle and outside . Before i owned the Magellan Explorist 500 . It worked great , did not buy new so it died . But i was looking for something just like it.The Garmin 60CSX did NOT come with a decent base map , only had major highways , ONLY . They wanted an extra $ 100 for maps . The backlight had to be reset every time you turned the gps on . The images werent contrasted enough so the light had to constantly be turned on.When we were looking for a local geo cache we came close , but could not find the immediate direction it was facing due to the compass . You have to atleast be going 5mph to use the compass . Otherwise it does not point anywhere while on foot.This device wants you to save everything including the found caches on its internal memory . Could not figure out how to save to the Micro SD card.For all the hype its getting just like the new Colorado , i would not recommend if you want to geo cache . I recommend the Magellian Explorist 500 . This device has a rechargable battery , unlike the Garmin which has double A batteries . We ran down 4 batteries in 2 days !! Could get expensive , so we took it back .
 Garmin announced in early 2006 that they planned to make all of their hardware and software Mac-compatible by the end of 2006 , but there have been no further announcements , and there are no rumors suggesting progress.If you are a Mac user , do not purchase this or any other Garmin product which requires or allows uploads of maps , new software or waypoints unless you have access to a PC.Garmin will not license it 's proprietary USB drivers -LRB- which are said to be quite flaky , even on PCs -RRB- , so Mac users are locked out of the Garmin world until further notice .
 I am new to GPS handhelds and so far , I have n't had a great deal of luck . Regarding functions of this unit ; I have n't yet used it in the field due to problems with two separate units having dead pixels -LRB- the first unit had one at the top of the screen and the second one had one in the middle -RRB- . The build quality aside , I was quite satisfied with the features and overall function of this GPS . As mentioned , I am new to GPS handhelds and I found the 60CSx easy to navigate and to figure out the basics of its use . I was especially impressed with the speed at which it acquired a signal and the speed with which it drew its basemaps.Overall , however , I only give this unit a 2 stars due to having 2 separate units with a screen problem . Something at this price point should have better quality control than this .
 This is a 5-star product when it works . But as is described in many places on the internet , it shuts off if there is vibration . For me , this means I can not use it while skiing , because as soon as I start doing moguls , it shuts off.I described the problem to Garmin , and they asked me to return it to them . But then they sent the same unit back to me saying everything is normal with it.I found a do-it-yourself repair described on the internet . You can crack open the 60CSX case and apply dielectric -LRB- conductive -RRB- grease to the electrical connection that is known to be the failure point . Sure enough , this fixed the problem -LRB- but probably voided the warranty -RRB- , though now after 9 months of using the device , the problem has returned . If you buy this unit , be sure to hunt down the instructions for applying conductive grease . There are lots of helpful instructions and photos on the web .
 All alpinists understand how crucial it is to always know what their elevation is . Unfortunately , keeping an accurate account of elevation is impossible with this GPS due to its altimeter , which can not be deactivated , according to Garmin Tech Support.You ca n't just use satellite data to determine elevation like with other GPS units . Instead , the unit takes some sort of average of what the satellites determine and over-mixes it with the altimeter data . This is giving me wildly changing and inaccurate elevation readings , even when my elevation is static . This is of course due to ever changing atmospheric pressure . This means that you must recalibrate the altimeter constantly . In order to recalibrate you must know the elevation you are at . -LRB- I reject the notion of using atmospheric pressure in such circumstances to recalibrate the altimeter . It works for pilots but is highly hazardous to an alpinist . -RRB- But if you are able to continually recalibrate the altimeter because you always know your altitude , either based on fixed points or careful reading of decent topo maps , what is the point of the altimeter ? The bottom line is that this unit is practically worthless for determining altitude for anything but very short periods of time unless weather conditions remain fairly static.I climb almost exclusively in South America where accurate topo maps and fixed points are scarce to non-existent . The inability to use this unit to determine elevation makes it useless to me . I can not stress enough that an alpinist should never buy a GPS unit , which uses the altimeter to determine elevation , unless the altimeter can be deactivated!Of all of the corresponding instruction manuals for electronic devices that I have owned in my life , the 60CSx instruction manual is by far the worse . This GPS has a steep learning curve which is made infinitely worse by having an instruction manual that barely scratches the surface.One example should suffice . The electronic compass interferes with the laying of tracks . You need to hold the unit level and point the antenna in front of you to make a highly reliable track . This is due to the fact that the factory has preset the unit to show compass direction , as opposed to direction determined solely by the satellite data , if you are going less than 10 miles an hour . Of course this can be set to as little as 1 km per hour so that as long as you are moving , even a little bit , the unit will make a very accurate and reliable track . However , nowhere in the instruction manual -LRB- including page 50 -RRB- , is any of this discussed . You simply have to figure it out on your own through trial and error.Also , the chipset the unit shipped with is not the most recent and the unit will not update to the latest version . No one in Garmin Tech Support can explain this.All in all , this is the most disappointing electronic purchase I have ever made and am stuck with it as I am now in South America and ca n't exchange it for a replacement due to customs laws down here . For now , I will simply continue to use my trusty and reliable Magellan SporTrak Pro.I love Amazon.com and have spent a sizable fortune here over the years . For the sake of fairness to Amazon.com , I admit that this is the first horrible product that I have ever purchased from them . And , I blame Garmin , not Amazon.com.I wrote this review because I feel a particular responsibility to my fellow alpinists to give them fair warning about this product . Do n't trust your life with it.Caveat Emptor
 The review is more for how well Garmin handles/supports their product..E-mailed their tech support a few days ago because my new 60CSX is n't indicating a `` D '' fix -LRB- WAAS -RRB- or any signal from a PRN above 30 . Got this in reply : `` I 'll be glad to help . The new SiRF units are not really capible of obtaining a WAAS fix at this time . Alone , the units can get down to 6-7 feet of accuracy without WAAS , and according to engineers , even with WAAS the correction is less than 6 inches at best . At this time , I am not sure if they will go though the effort to make the units work with WAAS or not . Most likely the option will be dropped with future updates because of the lack ofbenefit . `` Umm right . . First of all the box indicates that it 's WAAS enabled , the website says it 's WAAS enabled , and there are gobs of other users on the Groundspeak forums who are getting DGPS fixes and much better EPE 's than I am . My older units are outperforming circles around this thing . It has some of the worst positional drift that I 've seen in a HH GPSr . -LRB- sitting on a chair in my backyard for 30 minutes this afternoon , the trip odometer logged .6 miles -RRB- As such , I 've had it for a couple of weeks and consider it not much more than a pretty paper weight.The unit has excellent TTFF , is great to look at/use in any condition . But having been sold on a WAAS unit only to have a tech rep tell me that the packaging does n't match the product gets me a little riled up.Truth in advertising anyone ? I 'm gunna confirm this issue with others at Garmin , and if what the rep told me winds up being true , I 'm going to pursue it with the FTC ...
 I boat with this Walkman , so it gets saltwater on it , but otherwise I 've treated it pretty gently . The screen died within 3 weeks and now , 6 weeks in , it wo n't play at all.Also , although the case seems fairly water resistant , the headphone jack is n't protected .
 I WAS VERY UP SET THIS WALKMAN WAS A GIFT . IT COST $ 90.00 6 MONTHS AGO . IT DID NOT WORK RIGHT I COULD NOT GET GOOD RECEPTION AT ALL IT WAS COMPLETE STATIC ON ALL STATIONS . I THINK IT WAS DEFECTIVE BECAUSE I ALWAYS BUY SONY PRODUCTS , AND THEY WORK GREAT I STILL HAVE THE WALKMAN MY GRANDMA GAVE ME 11 YEARS AGO AND IT STILL WORKS . BUYER BEWARE DO N'T BUY WALKMANS FROM AMAZON ON LINE . I SUSSPECT AMAZON MAY HAVE SOLD ME SOMEONE 'S RETURN ITEM . ALTHOUGH I CA N'T PROVE IT . YOU 'LL BE BETTER OFF GOING TO TARGET OR BEST BUY . IN CASE A REFUND IS NEEDED . SHOPPERS CHECK ALL YOUR PURCHASE 'S WITH IN A 30 DAY PERIOD SO YOU WO N'T GET STUCK WITH SOMETHING THAT DOES NOT WORK . IF I DID THAT I COULD HAVE GOT A FULL REFUNDGOOD LUCK FRIEND
 The first CD player had such bad FM radio reception that I contacted Sony and was told to return it . I got another one , and the FM reception is almost as bad , so I 've realized that it is the player itself . There is an incredible amount of bleed-over from one station to another even though it has a digital tuner . It is not just a matter of poor reception . The stations play fine on other portable devices ; it 's that the radio on this player is VERY POOR .
 I bought three of these printers and had the same problem with all three . After about 6 months to a year the color went bad . Since I had all these expensive toner cartridges I bought another printer - same model . And the color went bad . So I did the same thing again - and again the color went bad . I now have 3 network printers that will print in black and white - but not in color . These printers are horrible . If I could make it less than 1 star I would .
 To be honest , this printer sucks . First of all , if you run out of colour ink , you ca n't print black . Besides that colour ink seems to disappear out of thin air very , very fast . Another problem I encountered was the bad alignment . Lots of time colours are n't aligned . At the start I could fix it very easily with just rebooting the printer or resetting it . But after sometimes it just does n't come back , specially the magenta colour . Another big problem I have with this printer is the price of the toner , it 's very expensive . Simply it is n't worth it , the toners are expensive and run out really fast and you will waste lots of paper with bad aligned printing .
 This printer is a primary network printer . It has issues when connected directly to one PC . If using Windows Vista , a Printer Spooler Error occurs . HP has no supporting drivers to fix this . Microsoft has no Windows patches to fix this . This error is famous as several forums exist to attempt and hack both the Windows spooler and the HP 2600n . Fought this problem for two solid days with Tech calls , internet chats and promises of return calls with a solution . I have yet to hear from either group . However , the pages that managed to print were of the finest quality I 've ever seen from a home office printer . I 'm sure it will be the best printer I 'll ever own once it works .
 If you do n't print primarily COLOR documents , DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER . I purchased the HP Color Laserjet 2600n as an alternative to cheap inkjet printers which use way too much ink . I knew the cartridges were expensive -LRB- $ 85.00 per -RRB- but with the yield of each cartridge I thought it was worth it . I also made the assumption that because I used the printer primarily for black ink documents that my color cartridges would last a lot longer than my black cartridge ... WRONG . I called HP Technical support for a minor issue . I spoke with Tania . Tania told me that this is primarily a color printer , therefore , when you print a document which only uses black ink , the printer assumes you 're also using the color cartridges , so it is using up the color cartridges at the same rate . There 's only one catch , when the printer tells you that you have to replace the color cartridges , most likely there is still a LOT of toner left in the cartridge . When I became incredulous , she laughed at me . Eventually I was transferred to Gali , in Customer Care . I was also on the phone at the same time with another woman but they would n't give me her name . They confirmed MANY TIMES exactly what Tania told me . So many times during my conversation I said `` I just have such a hard time believing that I will be forced to replace FULL CARTRIDGES ! '' and every time there reply was something to the effect of , I understand Ma'am , but there 's nothing we can do , the machine is not defective . If I were you I WOULD NOT BUY THIS PRINTER .
 You get less than what you pay for with the HP 2600n . A couple of months ago the prinouts started to have ghost images . The printer now is only in service 14 months and I use it lightly . Unfortunately for me it is off warranty.Although some reviews say the 25600n has a lifetime fuser ... do n't believe it . I 've cleaned it numerous times and changed toner cartridges to no avail . Also , HP 's on-line tech support chat does not support the 2600n ... so if you happen to be past warranty you need to pay $ 39 just to get to speak to tech support . Bottom line ... the $ 129 for the `` lifetime '' fuser and the time to change it is not worth it for a $ 325 printer . Try something else .
 I suppose its my own fault for taking so many chances with HP Printers . The one I use at home installed drivers that were incompatible - nay ruined my ability to print at work . Another wouldnt let you print if the toner cartridge was half full , and this one isnt much different ... Biggest Problems
 I migh have a defective printer but this is what I encountered . I want 2 computers to share this printer . I connected one PC via the Ethernet port , everything printed good . I than connected second PC on the USB port , everthing worked great . But the first PC can no longer print to the printer on the Ethernet port . The printer did n't even appear on the DHCP list . It just seem using the USB port would disable the Ethernet port forgood . Emailed to HP about this , no reply yet . Has anyone else had this problem ?
 I got this printer through another cheaper company , and it simply wo n't work on a MAC running 10.4.9 . The drivers on HP 's Web site are utterly useless . After all the updates , still nothing . It never shows up on the Apple at all , and Apple 's site does n't offer support . I bought this specifically because I saw it on Apple 's Web site and thus assumed it would work with their machines . I guess not .
 I have the 2550n and I was upgrading -LRB- so I thought -RRB- but this machine does not have the quality that the other does . It also does not have the ink reserves I need . I do about 400 two sided color sheets per month on 60-80lb stock paper and this machine struggles with anything that heavy . The quality of print is bad as the ink bleeds regardless of how much it has been used . Pictures do not come out anything close to good quality . I would NOT recommend this to anyone that needs more than casual reports for work or simple flyers for home office or school .
 Print quality is pretty bad . There are often streaks and discoloration on print outs . If you want a quality color laser printer , look somewhere else .
 I was about to return my 2600 to OfficeDepot . Then I thought I should check if others are having the same problems with color . I guess I should check with HP tech support - maybe something is wrong with my printer only.On my printer , the color quality is underwhelming . When I print pictures , they look like cartoons . When printing text , headlines in color print OK but colored vector graphics -LRB- simple ones -RRB- have ugly shades in them .
 My brother brought his brand spanking new NOT previously opened by human hands 2600N printer home from Best Buy only to find that it was missing all four toner cartridges . Thankfully Best Buy swapped it out for one that came complete from HP.This box had the original packing tape from HP still sealing the box . Luckily our Best Buy took it back , otherwise my brother would have had to fork over another $ 300 for toner.Make sure you open it at the store if you buy this printer from a retail outlet .
 This printer will NOT be supported on 64 bit operating systems ! I learned this the hard way .
 I bought this printer , and sincerely loved it . It prints great ! However ... do not waste your money on it if you use any 64 bit AMD processors . There are no drivers , and HP does not plan to ever write drivers for it . But they do not tell you this until after you wasted your money . I tried to hook the printer to my router , and then tried to install the printer and it 's drivers on my 64 bit Windows 2003 server , which is an AMD x64 Dual Core computer . It appears to load fine , but then when you go to connect to it , it says that it can not find the printer.So I went to my DHCP list on the router , and found the IP address . I was able to load the internal webserver in the printer , all was fine . When ever I tried to install the printer , it simply reported `` connection to printer lost '' or `` can not find printer '' . even installing it with the IP and/or Mac address . After 11/2 hours of troubleshooting , I finally found the area on their support page that says `` We are not going to write drivers for a 64 bit AMD . So , I loaded 32 bit XP pro on the computer , and it still happened.Had I known this before I bought the printer , I would have not bought it . The only thing I can think of is buying a print server , and hooking it up as a `` generic '' printer .
 Our office has utilized 2 of these in the 12 years we 've been in business and although they print a little dark , they do pretty well . After an identical model started producing unacceptable quality , I purchased this used machine thinking I would be able to use all the unopened ink cartridges still in stock . Within a month or two of receiving this , the color has become absolutely washed out , maintenance has n't helped , new expensive cartridges have n't helped and I 'm about ready to throw this thing in the trash . Just love these beautiful experiences .
 I bought this printer to use for my business printers flyers . Color is great , however , shortly after purchase I started getting a line in the prints . Turns out the cyan cartridge was bad . Took a printer repair person to figure this out at a serious cost and then they wanted to charge me a full price for a used cartridge.When I needed to replace the cartridges , it turns out they ca n't be refilled and the cost of a new set is about a 1/3 of the price of the printer . Should have bought something else .
 This printer was sold to me as a used item , but the merchant did n't deliver the cartrdiges calaiming that it would make shipment heavier and it would cost him a lot more money to ship therefore `` as he claims `` he dumped them in the trash , knowing that the cartidges for this particular printer cost alot more than than printer almost $ 450.00 . He asked moe to write him a nice review and he would credit my account $ 50.00 if I do so , but I prefer to say the truth and lose the $ 50.00 .
 I ca n't speak to how well it functions as a network printer for Windows users or as a local printer . When I could get it to work , the print quality was pretty good -LRB- for the price -RRB- . But I had constant problems getting the Macs on my network to find the printer . You have to use Bonjour -LRB- at least if you just want to configure the printer with the OS X printer setup utility -RRB- . I downloaded the latest driver from HP . The first computer to print had no problems , but after that it was very hit-or-miss . The print job would try to start , and I 'd get a message `` Trying to find printer ` HP LaserJet 2600n ' '' - the printer never would be found . The printer has a control panel accessible via a web browser , but the built-in web server would often not respond when the printers IP address was entered . The printer uses DHCP . I also tried giving it a static IP address -LRB- both via configuring the printer itself with a static IP , and with configuring the router to assign it a static IP via DHCP -RRB- - none of this worked . I finally took it back . I 'm still looking for a reasonably priced color network laser for Macs - maybe such a beast does n't exist . This definitely is n't one .
 I had one of these because I got a good price on it and was n't interested in speed at the time . They are definately slow but I could afford it and had always wanted a colored laser printer for minimal use ... well I got minimal use . I 'm not sure that the printer even lasted a year and it is now in the dumpster . They have a known problem with shadowing problems and of course that is what happened to mine . HP is a fantastic brand and I will buy another one but I 'll guarantee you that it wo n't be this model .
 I bought this printer in October , 2005 , primarily to print documents with occasional color use . To my surprise , about 3/4 of the way through my second black toner cartridge , the three color cartridges were exhausted . The supply counter reported that I had printed 4800 pages in color ! I print VERY LITTLE color , and I just could not understand it . I called HP tech support , and was told that in fact even when you think you are printing black text only , the printer uses `` a little '' color toner too . I was not happy to hear this , since nowhere in HP 's literature that I could find is this mentioned , but OK ... they told me I could prevent this by printing in `` draft '' instead of in `` normal , '' and by printing in greyscale . So , I loaded the new color cartridges -LRB- THREE of them , at approx . $ 80 each !!! -RRB- , and guess what ? The page counter CONTINUED to count pages for each of the color cartridges AND for the black cartridges ! So , I called tech support back and was THEN informed that there is no way to avoid `` using '' color -LRB- I do n't know if the printer actually uses color , or if the counter just `` says '' it does . The end result is the same . You ca n't print in black if your color cartridges are `` out . '' -RRB- Tech support called this a `` cheap '' printer and said that the grayscale option isn ' t available , no matter what you try to set up . Needless to say , I feel pretty disgusted and cheated . I will use up the remaining toner and then throw this machine away . I think HP should be ashamed . The tech guy seemed to think I should have somehow `` known '' about this . Phoo ! Do n't buy it . M. ZashinAddendum
 Beware the low price on the HP 2600 series printers . The quality of black and white prints are good and the usual HP quality is apparent in construction , BUT :1 -RRB- The color is not only terrible , it gets wore over time . My HP 2605 started out OK , but now prints a magenta haze over 50 % of the area of all color prints even if I change toner , run the cleaning routines or use different color management software . HP claims there is nothing wrong and refuses to fix or replace it . It is less than a year old and the color began to decay a mere 6 months into its lifetime .2 -RRB- Beware that even if you set the printer to use only black and white for printing , it slowly consumes color toner anyway .3 -RRB- The printer will refuse to print if ANY one toner cartridge is close to empty so you can not just print black and white only and replace the color cartridge later . Even worse , because it slowly consumes color toner even if you never print in color , you can end up with all three colors empty and then have to spend almost $ 250 to replace them to be able to print at all .4 -RRB- All 2600 series printers come with color toner cartridges that are less than half full compared to the replacement cartridges so you will have to replace all 3 of them surprisingly early , again setting you back close to $ 250.5 -RRB- Beware of the self-calibration routine . It consumes color toner and if it runs often enough you 'll have empty cartridges even if you never printed in color.Overall , the total cost of ownership for these dogs run almost into the inkjet range unless you routinely print in color . Sadly , unless you 're happy with `` color '' meaning completely unpredictable , psychedelic mixtures of colors very different from what you see in your source material , you 'll probably do like I did and avoid using the color feature most , if not all , of the time.Think VERY carefully when buying a color laser of any sort , but avoid the HP 2600 series completely . They are junk . Not worth even the low price they sell for .
 This is not a `` low use '' type of printer . I found out that when not doing alot of printing jobs and letting the printer sit over time , the color toner cartridges will start to leak , which causes nice vertical lines on your print jobs . The only solution is to buy new cartridges , which at 80 per , is n't exactly easy to do.Also the networking ability is junk . I 'm sure it 's much better when directly connected , but the software finding this printer is spotty at best.I believe this printer when used in a higher use environment will probably do well , the print quality is wonderful -LRB- except for pictures , but who would try to print pictures on a color $ 500 laser and expect picture quality ? -RRB- . But for home use , this leaky cartridge thing has me looking for another computer . Luckily I can buy a new Samsung CLP 315 for less than new cartridges for this printer , and the CLP has wireless ability !
 I 've had this printer for about 2 weeks and have been using it heavily ... with great frustration . The printer jams constantly ... to the point that I consider it to be unusable . I am now shopping for a new color laser printer . In addition , after just a couple days I had already used 25 % of my black toner.Update
 This may be a good laser printer , but the very high cost of these cartridges -LRB- a set of four costs MORE than the printer itself !!! -RRB- negates everything else about this specific printer . What a grand RIPOFF ! Next , they 'll be charging us ' 3 figures ' AND your ` first-born ' for a cartridge !
 Because of the good reviews from everyone else , I thought that this would be a great printer , but it did not live up to my expectations . Its pretty loud , leaves toner streaks , and most importantly , the print quality is not good , and we have tried different things , like special paper . Which means that you ca n't print good quality brochures with it.I used to think that all HP products were great , but the more experience that I have with them , the more that I realize how bad they really are , including their support . I have had much better luck with Brother products and I wish I would have spent more and gotten the Brother MFC-9840 , which is an all-in-one color laser .
 Printer made a rattling/hammering sound most times when I hit the Print button ; sometimes even had to turn it off to stop the action.Color quality just OK on paper prints , but on photos was terrible , whether on glossy or matte paper . Color smeared on both front and back of photo paper , which jammed in the machine about half the time.Be careful ordering this from Amazon ; they use a no-name shipper instead of UPS , Fedex , or USPS - shipper used snail-mail to contact me , and setting up delivery was inconvenient since I live 50 miles from their nearest location .
 I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS MACHINE !!! I just ca n't believe 36 people gave 5 stars . They must be associated with HP ! I started having a problem with line on a copy and talk to technician which cost me $ 36 even my problem is not solved . Also you have to have all inks in order to print black copy.I realized this after I bought 2 color inks replaced , knowing this line not going to be removed I do n't want to invest another $ 90.00 for one more color ink . I went to internet to search this problem I realized so many people purchased this machine having same problem . Now it 's sitting in my office just collecting dust .
 Unit was ordered only to replace like unit that cost of repairs was thought to exceed value . Verified with seller before purchase that there should be no problem using existing cartridges since unit came without those & was advised it should not be a problem . Orded & received promptly as advertised . Unit would not print in Magenta or Cyan right out of the box . Advised seller & was told to go buy new HP brand Magenta & Cyan cartridges & try them then get back to them or if I returned unit to them there would likely be '' Fees '' ! Spending almost as much to trobleshoot their problem as we paid for the unit did not seem a viable option so being a repair company ourselves we were able to scavage enough parts off of unit to fix our origional unit & junk the rest . Also even though the unit was advertised as ` good ' I think ` makes copy ' would have been a fair assessment of copy quality based on the Black & Yellow print we were able to see . Transfer belt was not in real good shape . Do n't really want to be sour grapes but if you are going to sell a product you should back it up . Likely will not do business with this company again .
 The printer leaves gray banding on glossy paper . even HP brand laser paper . The resolution and color are ok but this printer falls way short of the 2550 printer before it . Do not buy if you will be printing photos or brochures .
 I have burned through all three color ink cartidges after printing B&W documents . I became concerned when I realized that I was at less than half remaining ink after having printed only several dozen color pages . As I was more aware of color use , I watched the color cartridges slowly empty while printing ONLY black and white documents ! These cartridges are n't cheap . Now I have to replace all four cartidges at as much as cost as nearly the cost of the dang printer . -LRB- Yes , I have the software set to print greyscale only . -RRB- This printer was purchased as a work printer , which was to be used mostly as a B&W printer with the ability to print color when necessary . I can not complain much about its print quality as B&W and color documents came out great . Occasionally there was a ` ghost ' image printed on the first page of a document , but as that copy always goes in my file , it is not a big deal . I would NOT recommend this as any sort of ` workhorse ' printer . I also think that HP has set bad ink management for this printer on purpose so we have to buy more ink .
 I 've just had to return this printer due to its constant failure to feed paper correctly . The paper either fails to feed up from the tray or jams half-way through printing . This was already a replacement printer for another with similar problems so I think it 's either a design flaw or a bad batch . The type of paper does n't make a difference - light grade through heavy presentation types all jam in exactly the same way.On the plus side , when it does print the quality is outstanding . I may have just been unlucky twice in a row , but the mechanical problems mean that I ca n't recommend this printer .
 Although I have been satisfied with this printer -LRB- HP 2600N -RRB- over the last year and 1 month , today 's experiences have caused me to NEVER EVERY buy another HP product for as long as I LIVE.Issue # 1 - Toner cartridge ran dry , so I bought a new one and it was n't recognized by printer . After many attempts it was finally recognized but does not print properly . The coloring for the first 2 inches is very faded and then is okay after that.Issue # 2 - Since my printer is out of warranty HP Support wants $ 25 with no guarentee that they can solve the problem . Was not allowed to speak to a supervisor.Issue # 3 - I can not continue to use my printer if any of the cartridges are missing . Meaning if I want to print in Black I must have all cartridges present and recognizable by the printer.Issue # 4 - at $ 90 per cartridge -LRB- roughly -RRB- thats $ 360 per year on average for consumables . A brand new printer costs $ 260 . Competitors can cost less . Hmmm.What just happened today put a very sour taste in my mouth and gave me the determination to NEVER buy any HP product EVER.Sorry , I am doing the only thing I can and that is voting with my $ $ $ $ .
 I 've learned you get what you pay for . For the price , I suppose you 're getting a decent system.The bass in this system is pretty much non-existent weather listening to the radio , watching tv or a dvd.The customer service leaves some things to be desired like a solution to problems . I called three times for the same problem . I got three different solutions non of which worked . Their common response is to reboot the system and leave it unplugged for at least 5 minutes . If you ask any detailed questions they do not have an -LRB- educated -RRB- answer.I returned this system and replaced it with a little higher end model . I 'm much more happy with the new one .
 I recently bought this item . It was easy to set up and worked great at first , but that did n't last long . Soon , I began experiencing little problems like when I would open the disc tray it would open then close as soon as it opened . Nothing too bad . The sound was great . However , less than a month after I got it , I was watching a DVD . A strange smell started coming from the player like something was burning . Suddenly it froze up . I could n't get it to do anything . I could n't even get the disc tray to open . I tried turning it on and off and unplugging it , but nothing worked . I finally had to remove the cover just to force it open to get my DVD back . Botton line
 this is totally confusing , the picture looks like its a combo but in fact is only just one piece , besides the name is Laslollite LL Lr3007 30-inch Collapsible reflector with translucent Diffuser . but I only received the Translucent Diffuser ... what about the Collapsible reflector ??? i returned it and they send me back the same thing . In my own opinion this is a tricky item considering the price . do n't buy it .
 I 'm a total Amazon buyer and most of times I 've got but good surprises if any , since they 're very trustful , but this time I got a surprise and let me say not a good one , since I compared prices from other sellers before making a buying decision so when I picked up this one , I thought it was going to be a set of six or so because of the picture and the price so when just one and not the bigger one arrived , I got confused , I rushed into Amazon and began reading slowly and carefuly and finally realized that claiming them wrong was going to be useless , only me was to be blamed for the mistake , anyway what 's the point of picturing something and selling something tottaly different ? please some one explain it to me .
 I think I got the wrong item . In the picture display a set of reflectors , and I only received the white one ... Is there a number I can contact the seller at , I am so confused ...
 I 'm still trying to get the Bluetooth connection working . I was trying it on a Mac Mini with no Internet connection . When the printer -LRB- which is really excellent -RRB- prints out text it also prints out extraneous characters when using Bluetooth.I am going to try it on another Mini with Internet access and see what happens . I really wonder why Canon 's manual is just not detailed enough . Of course , it may be me ...
 The cartridge looked the same as HP ones I have purchased in the past , but the quality of the printing is not acceptable . I have wiped the toner smudges off the roller , and it sometimes is better for a short while . But the smudges and black marks return . If you have an answer for my problem I would love to know what it might be . We can not send copies to our clients with black marks all over the copies ! I will not be purchasing this cartridge again .
 I purchased a cartridge from AAA Toner . The black powder ink leaked shortly after using it . Black spots were on all of the printed pages and the powder ink was inside my printer . After paying a printer repair guy to come out and look at it and clean the inside , he showed me where the cartridge was bent and the powder leaking out . I attempted to obtain a replacement from AAA Toner , but they would not do so . If you are searching for recycle/refurbished cartridges , buy them from someone other than AAA Toner . They are not worth the hassle .
 I bought this battery , for my ZX5000 , because it was one of the few places where I could find a replacement for a decent price . I guess you still get what you pay for . Here are the problems that I found .1 . The battery is listed as a Lenmar battery . I have bought a few Lemars and they always have the Lemar name either on the packages or on the battery . This battery came in a generic cardboard box inside a plastic bag . No manufacturer markings at all . I suspect bait and switch here .2 . The battery fit loosely in the laptop . If you tapped the laptop then the battery would fall out . Plus the battery lock was hard to engage .3 . The battery was missing the back-plate . So if it was used as-is then one of the laptop 's feet is missing . You can pry the back-plate off of the old battery and stick it to the new one with double-sided tape but they do n't tell you that anywhere.They took my battery back with the promise to pay the return shipping . I sent it back and while I did receive the refund for the battery I have seen no refund for the return shipping .
 They sent the wrong Item . I had to send them Numbers and photos of the item twice . It was like nobody read or saw the first ones . They finally gave me an rma number and I sent it back . Two weeks later I got most of my refund . I 'm still waiting for the rest of it .
 package arrived intact and undamaged . All components also intact , including battery . After carefully inserting battery , and following all directions , unit simply did n't function . It turned on , but none of the buttons worked in a manner consistent with the instructions , and the laser did n't work at all . I 'm sending it back .
 My 12 year old brother , so we found , was unplugging this everytime he used the computer and plugged it back in afterwards leaving everything unchange and not recording anything . Entirely too obvious , and now that we have a usb keyboard it does n't do anything at all.Dont waste your money on obsolete and inferior garbage like this .
 I liked the price , only about $ 11 but the $ 8.98 shipping made it less of a deal . I still purchased it only to have it arrive defective . When you look closely , one of the pins is out of position so you get no sound from the left channel . I emailed Discount Jungle . I got the `` send it back including all packing , manuals , description of problem '' , etc. . For a $ 11 cable ??? Well , I simply threw this in the trash and bought the Pioneer version . $ 30 but shipped free and it is very high quality . Take my advise and stay away from this product and what I believe was less than superior customer service .
 The connection on this product was a bit finicky on the IP-Bus side . It had to be aligned with the moon when the wind was blowing at 3mph and only worked when turning left . Jokes aside , it was always halfway working .
 be careful ! i ordered this , only to find that none of the adaptors -LRB- pioneer or other -RRB- will work on the F-Series ! i cant say how this would work , but theres no way to get it to work on my headunit : -LRB-
 I am satisfied with the sound of this small voice recorder . However , I can not install the Voice Studio software onto my computer . I noticed the problem at Circuitcity.com , and thought that was associated with Windows 98 . However , I am using Windows ME . I have not had any problems with any other software . Therefore , be aware that this recorder may not work on your computer as well . I am giving a two star rating because 1 -RRB- the claimed selling point is not working . 2 -RRB- Panasonic has terrible customer service with this product . No support information on this product on their website . No response to e-mail inquiries . Called them , I was put to wait for 40 minutes and then kicked out . Their customer service let me feel angry .
 Practically everything I own is Panasonic - rice maker , home entertainment system , vaccum cleaner , clock radios . I have three of their older voice recorders and this RR360 . The device is great . What is n't great is their software . It 's hideous . It 's worse than hideous , it 's the worst commercial software I 've seen in a long time . It 's the only package I know of that consistently bluescreens Windows 2000 Pro . I 'd love to update it to the latest version and see if that helps , but when I use the VoiceStudio Help - > Update menu it stupidly tells me that VoiceStudio is not installed on my computer . They do not offer the software for download separately , you can supposedly only upgrade it through their menu . All attempts to contact Panasonic tech support are fruitless . The recorder uses a proprietary format and they do n't release specs so you ca n't use it with Linux , older Windows versions or future Windows versions - just the ones out now . Right now I 've got a rather important 2 hour meeting stored on it that I ca n't upload because every time I try it bluescreens the two computers I 've got their software installed on . I 'm going to have to capture the analog audio as a . wav file.I 'm a huge Panasonic fan , but do n't buy this one because they wo n't let you get to your own data and they wo n't respond to requests for tech support on it .
 I bought this recorder for the purpose of recording meetings . The recordings needed to be transfered to my computer . All in all , it 's a wonderful product . The reason for the bad review is in the difficulty -LRB- nigh unto impossible -RRB- of retreiving your recordings if you should happen to lose the CD that comes with the recorder . Panasonic 's tech support is horrible at best . There is appearantly no way to replace the needed software or drivers via mail or download . The best solution I was given from Panasonic 's technical support was to `` buy another one , copy the CD and return it . '' Aside from the dubious legalities of that suggestion , I recommend not supporting a company that does n't support their products .
 This is a versatile recorder but it is NOT recommended to anyone that wants to send their recordings to other people or even keep their recordings for the future . The recordings can only be read and edited using a Panasonic software -LRB- Voice Studio -RRB- which is incompatible with anything else . If you want to save your recordings in mp3 , first you have to save to . wav using the proprietary software , then transform wav to mp3 using another software . On top of that , if -LRB- as it happened to me -RRB- you lose or damage the CD with the Voice Studio installer , there is NO way to get a copy from Panasonic or anyone else . It is absolutely mind-boggling why Panasonic would not offer this software for free , as you can not use it unless one buys the recorder first.Bottom line
 I had a Panasonic cassette micro recorder that I hardly used and was surprized how it began not to work correctly after several years . I took tender loving care of it too . What a waste!Note
 There is nothing wrong with the hardware . It is a fairly straight-forward implementation . My beef is software.Panasonic records in a proprietary format . It requires proprietary software to transfer your recordings from the device to any computer . Panasonic no longer supports the software , has not updated it for any operating system post Windows XP and provides no support for any other operating system -LRB- Mac OS , Linux , etc -RRB- . Since this device is clearly abandoned by Panasonic , they should release the source code for a reference driver that would allow others to write drivers for it -LRB- Linux , MacOS , more modern Windows versions -RRB- . Panasonic clearly does not want to support their customers . That is a real shame as I am now very unlikely to consider any Panasonic product in the future . I will also attempt to influence anyone else that I can do do the same.Do not purchase this or any other Panasonic products .
 Do n't ever bye anything from panasonic cheap ass , i have a hard time to find the driver , send email call and no thing in respond .
 I thought this would be bigger and better made . What appeared to be metal in the picture is just some cheap plastic with flimsy switches .
 I purchased this product for a Physiology lecture of about 150 students . I sit in the second row with the professor being only about 10 feet in front of me , and let me tell you this recorder is nothing but a piece of junk ! Where should I start ?! Well , first off I am going to comment on the sound quality . I had to put it on HQ -LRB- high quality -RRB- and it could barely pick up the professors voice . The whole recording sounded like a crumpling mess ! The package advertises up to 8 hours of digital recording , but when you have to use the HQ setting , I could not even get three full lectures out of it , a total of 2.5 hours . I was a little set back by the inefficiency of this task . I could deal with it because it came with some handy software that I could use to easily transfer the lecture to my computer . Nope , not a slight chance that the software would work ! I should have listened to the reviews before I made the purchase , but no one had specifically listed what the software would not work with , so I figured I would give it a try . Before I made the purchase I even made sure that I asked the manager at Staples if she had heard of any problems ; she told me no . Well , the software did not work with Microsoft XP Home or Office edition ! Panasonic website and customer service is lowsy , so I am happy to say that I returned the little sucker ! I consider myself an educated consumer -LRB- although I did not make the best of judgements on this purchase -RRB- and I have since purchased the Olympus DM-10 . It is FABULOUS ! I have a classmate that has and Olympus and she swears by it . I have also heard that Sony is not very good either , and their customer care is very poor as well . Even for the money , the Panasonic is not worth it . If you can , I would suggest spending a little more money on an Olympus , that way you know what you are getting . I for one will probably not purchase a Panasonic again . They ruined it for themselves and do not stand behind their products ! Good luck and I hope that my experiences have helped !
 Product works OK for the price.Problem is that I lost the software and after a computer crash I am unable to download the info . PANASONIC HAS NO DRIVERS FOR THIS PRODUCT ANYWHERE ON THEIR SITE - PERIOD . Many other people have complained about this as well on various sites , I found all of them because I searched so much for the drivers .
 The microphone is too sensitive ... I use this recorder to get class lectures , but so much background noise -LRB- and conversations -RRB- are picked up I can hardly hear the lecture . The software for the program is great , as long as you only want to use their sound file format . You can convert to . wav , but the sound quality it dramatically reduced -LRB- and background noise amplified -RRB- . It 's also impossible to share your sound files with another person ... or it might be , but I 've been unable to find a way to save the recordings to cd . If you plan to use this for minimal use in a disciplined environment , than this might be the one for you . Otherwise you might want to shop around some more .
 I bought the RR-US360 one year ago for my son to use at college to record and download class lectures . When a hard drive crash required that I reload drivers , I found out the hard way that this product class is not one Panasonic takes seriously . Driver link on website leads to dead end . Three calls and multiple transfers to tech support lead to dead ends and total frustration . I had to multiple time explain the concept of a USB driver . My recommendation is to find a company serious about their product . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My friend bought this RR-US360 recorder about a year ago . Now she got a new laptop with Vista on it , and the Voice Studio software that came with the recorder -LRB- so you can use Panasonic 's proprietary audio format -RRB- did n't install right . Turns out Panasonic has decided specifically not to support this device on Vista , so if you bought the RR-US360 recorder and now have a Vista computer , you are out of luck ! You ca n't copy new recordings to your Vista computer , and you ca n't listen to old ones ! Thanks , Panasonic , for selling a product and not supporting it !
 This recorder has high quality sound but the features do not make this suitable for professional dictation . In particular , it is not possible to rewind a dictation to make corrections , and once the stop button is depressed , there is no possibility of further editing . For these reasons the Olympus DS-330 is a better buy .
 That 's really all that needs to be said . I bought it assuming it recorded in MP3 format , like most recorders do these days . I bought it specifically for recording ambient samples to be used in my music . Because there is no way to convert it to mp3 , and Panasonic refuses to write software that allows that conversion , the product is entirely useless to me.However , if you just use it for class notes or something and do n't mind the crappy software that does come with the recorder , you 'll be fine .
 If audio quality and features were the only aspects that mattered , this product would probably be worth a rating of 4 . It 's relatively easy to use and records at a reasonably good quality.Unfortunately , it suffers from several HUGE flaws that would have been dealbreakers had I realized it at the time . First , although it uses a standard USB mini plug , for whatever reason they opted to go with a proprietary way of interacting with the computer , and to add insult , a proprietary audio file format . Finally , Panasonic has chosen to orphan anyone who does n't stay with an old operating system.The first is just stupidly fatal . Unlike most modern devices that appear to be a standard mass storage device , this one can only be accessed using the proprietary software after the proprietary drivers have been installed . If you lose that software as I did , good luck finding a replacement . I found a third party driver site that was generous enough to let me download it by watching 12 pages of ads first in lieu of paying a download fee . The fact that I even need proprietary software to access the files on the device is just ridiculous . Once you do get to those files , they 're in some silly format that must go through a conversion using the same silly proprietary software . At least the ability to have it convert to WAV is some mitigation of one really bad design element.Let me gripe about the inexcusable decision not to support this beyond the operating systems that existed when it was created . I will repeat , this is INEXCUSABLE . This is n't a printer or scanner that can be expected to wear out in a few years or be substantially obsoleted in a short time . It 's a recording device that conceivably could last for many years . I guess this gripe could be viewed as a subset of the above gripes , because had they made it work as a standard USB mass storage device and stored the files in some sort of standard audio format , this would n't matter at all . As it is , that I * NEED * the software to get at the recordings is another FATAL problem when that software does n't work on Vista , and every system in my house is now running Vista . My modest investment in this device has just been tossed in the trash , as it is now useless . Panasonic has no intention of updating the software.My advice , therefore , is to avoid this model like the plague . I 'm so annoyed at having to trash an otherwise perfectly good device , and more so at Panasonic 's complete unwillingness to continue to support their own product , that I doubt I 'll be eager to buy another Panasonic product any time soon . How many other products will they so readily abandon ? I do n't intend to find out . Should you need a voice recorder , go with a company that has a reputation for supporting its products , and more importantly , find one that does n't need proprietary software and that records in a standard format . This is n't the recorder you 're looking for !
 As was stated earlier , the recorder only works with the included software because it records in a proprietary format . After upgrading our network and having to create new user accounts , the software no longer worked and said it needed to be reinstalled and I have since lost the CD . Again , as stated earlier , there is nothing on the panasonic site that helps . I call and they want $ 25 for the CD , plus $ 8 shipping on a device that costs $ 70 . Terrible , terrible customer service .
 I really like my Panasonic Digital Voice Record , as far as recording and playback go . I 've been using it for years . However , the proprietary file format means that you have to use the software that comes with the device , which is not compatible with Windows Vista . Since my old computer died and my new one has Vista , I no longer can transfer the files to my computer . Panasonic provides terrible support . According to their technical support on the website , the device is not compatible with Vista , and they have no plans to make it compatible . Also , they do n't have the interface software available on the support page , so if you lose it , you 're out of luck.Unfortunately , I 'd be very hesitant to buy another electronic device like this from Panasonic again due to their lack of support .
 Hi , I 've had this for a year . My computers crashed , and the `` Voice Studio '' software made by Panasonic , is not compatible with Windows Vista . I contacted Panasonic , as they did software updates for some of their recorders to work with the most popular operating system , Windows Vista . They sent me an email they are not going to make this recorder compatible with Windows Vista . Therefore this recorder gets one star , for not being supported , since it is only a year old . You can not download the recordings without using their software . Other recorders by other brands may let you connect by USB , and you do not have to use their software to download and access your recordings . I 'll be dumping this on eBay , and getting a Sony or something else , my last Olympus had an echo when I recorded . I bought this for the long recording times , up to 18 hours . Do not buy .
 From the moment I opened the box I 've the same problems . Programs not responding , Windows shutting down and window changing sizes uncommanded . I have contacted Toshiba several times . I was told that I should have returned the computer to the retailer . However , inside the box ws a note telling me that if I had any problems that I was not to return it but contact Toshiba . I 'm sure its a problem with Vista , but Toshiba sold me the computer with this OS . Toshiba now wants me to send my new computer in for servicing . It 's like buying a new car with many problems and the dealer wants me to send it back to the factory for repairs . Like the car , I bought the new computer because I needed it . I cant go weeks without a car or computer.I would no recommend Toshiba or VISTA untill they workout all there problems.Walter
 I 'm so disapointed with this laptop . It 's slow with Vista and the buildin webcam doest work right . I use webcam in Yahoo and when you receive other cam , your cam will get dead . I have a `` green '' screen once and it shutdown the laptop . When I started it say that because of the webcam driver!I comment strongly DO NOT buy this laptop .
 baught this computer 7 months ago and has already crapped out telling me windows has been stopped to prevent farther damage to your computer . then goies on to tell me to uninstall software , and run virus scan now you would think that would be easy however they way it stopped windows you ca n't even reformat the stupid computer . Was a really great computer but now makes a shiny paper weight . If you plan on using this computer longer than a year it is not the computer for you . very low frame rate so not very good for any games either . basically if you just want to do homework and business work this computer is good otherwise just pass this computer by that is my recomindation .
 Given the expense of this item I expected a top of the line listening device but I am sorly disappointed in its performance . The quality of sound is average , it certainly does not meet its ' advertized hype . One week after receiving the unit the left ear piece went dead . This headset is overpriced and of poor quality . Buy something else .
 I bought these headphones after the Sennheiser RS 120 ones I had purchased from Amazon quit charging after less than a year . I thought by getting a more expensive pair that they would be better . Big mistake ! At least the RS 120 's were made of heavy , expensive-seeming materials , had good sound , and could be worn for about 1.5 hours before my ears started to hurt . The 810 's are made of very cheap-appearing light plastic , the circuit board is not even covered , the ear pieces are completely nonadjustable and can only be tolerated for about ten minutes , sound is poor , transmission is terrible , and the price was ridiculous for what you get . The RS 120 's were great and I became spoiled by being able to actually hear the programs , so I really hated it when they quit charging . I was not encouraged about trying to get my money back for them by the reviews on Amazon , even though I had had them for a relatively short time , so I just bit the bullet and ordered the 810 's . If you notice , most of the good reviews about these headphones are written by people who purchased them for an older relative , which makes me wonder if the recipients were n't simply too polite to complain about their gift . I agree with the other one-star review
 The first couple days it seemed to work fairly well , even though it had a bit of static in the background . After that the static became louder than the audio on the TV , so I returned it.I would have given it a rating of 1 star , but thought perhaps I just received a defective one . However , I did n't bother to order another , because after seeing it I felt it was n't worth the price . Hence the 2-star rating .
 I bought this more expensive TV cordless earphone set to replace an old set which had died -LRB- different brand with larger style hearphones -RRB- . Unfortunately , after setting it up we found that only one side of the earphones on the headset worked . We then tried the old headset from our broken TV listening set with the same result . Apparently , the problem is with the central unit , not the headphones themselves . We decided to bite the bullet and keep this set anyway , however Rick has chosen to use the old earphones with this TV listening set . What gets me is that I could have spent half the money with probably much better results .
 The Cisco Aironet wireless adapter does not work for 64-bit Windows . I found this information impossible to find with repeated web searches and so am warning potential buyers here after personal experience.Furthermore , the account creation process and driver update process that Cisco uses is a nightmare . If you are not a Cisco Partner or business affiliate there is no method for the end-user to download updated drivers from Cisco themselves . It can take up to 12 hours after account creation for it to be registered in their system and it is then flagged as a `` guest account '' with virtually no privileges -LRB- for instance , accessing driver downloads -RRB- . I returned this product . Highly NOT recommended .
 I really regret buying this . I bought a big stack of TDK DVDs to use , but this machine wo n't accept them . They recommend Panasonic DVDs in the manual ... no other recommended or tested . I wish I would have read more of the other reviews on this product . It 's not too bad for the money as long as you do n't expect it to accept a lot of DVDs !
 I 've had this product for almost a year now and I 've been happily recording and watching TV shows , etc. . . But the real reason I bought the recorder was to put my family movies on DVD . I can put videos onto DVD just fine , but when I want to make a copy of the DVD I made onto video , it wo n't let me do this -LRB- even though the disk is n't protected -RRB- ! Also , there is no way of setting the chapters or defining where your breaks will be -LRB- they are roughly 16 minutes apart -RRB- . The manual does n't mention any of this and it has only been through trial and complete frustration that we came to these conclusions . I wish I had know this at the beginning , but it just is n't easy to figure out . I did lots of research before buying this unit and it seemed great , and I guess it is for some things . But if you make a DVD , should n't you be able to make copies of that DVD ?
 This , and all Toshiba brand DVD recorders contain provisions that prevent you from copying any materials that contain a copy protection prevention signal from the premium cable services .
 I could play craps and have better odds winng than I would of getting a working burn with this coaster maker.It seems to record OK when first turned on , but eject the disc properly through the menu and you can forget about appending more to it or finalizing it . Sometimes it fails and says `` DISC MAY NEED CLEANING OR IS DAMAGED PHYSICALLY '' if you hit stop and wish to record a few minutes later . Tried seven different brands of media with 3 countries of origin-Japan , Taiwan,India.DVD-RAM seems to be OK , but formatting can take up an hour.The interface is convoluted , confusing , and inconsistent.How something like this gets past quality control and testing is beyond me . Goodbye Toshiba !
 I received the product quickly , but it was defective . I had a tech come to my house to make sure that it was defective and not just something I was doing wrong . The vendor said I could return it and a replacement would be shipped . That never happened . About a month after the original order , I gave up , canceled the order , and bought a similar product locally .
 The Toshiba D-R2 would have been more appropriately named the Toshiba R2-D2 because it 's just as quirky as the robot of Star Wars fame . While the interface is n't the most user-friendly , it should n't take very long for the average user to become familiar with it , though it did take a while to learn how to edit a title . While recorded picture quality is adequate , the main problem with this machine is its uncanny ability to record entirely through a disc without detecting `` disc errors '' and then during the finalizing process -LRB- DVD-R -RRB- discs , you commonly get the message `` DISC MAY NEED CLEANING OR IS DAMAGED PHYSICALLY '' . As I 've been using DVD recorders for almost two years , I did n't think that brand new DVD-R discs required cleaning , but I cleaned a couple anyway . No cigar . After trying to record approximately 40 DVD-R discs FOR VIDEO on this machine , from both Fuji and Ri-Data , I 've had to throw away almost 45 % of the discs . If you like to spend much money on discs , this is the machine for you . It 's highly doubtful that I was unfortunate enough to purchase two bad batches of discs , from two different companies no less . Rather than contacting Toshiba , I threw the D-R2 into the trash with the latest disc it could n't finalize successfully . To provide company for the Toshiba D-R2 , I also tossed the Philips DVDR-75 recorder , another nearly worthless machine that has caused many people much grief . Does anyone know of any DVD recorders manufactured to be relatively grief-free ?
 They warn you - its like a computer.But am experiencing difficulty burning DVD-R discs . So , I have burned on DVD-RW , then copy to DVD-R . So much for simple.Not sure why it is so particular . The DVD-RAM capabilities are good - like editing , but how do you transfer to a DVD-R -LRB- for cheap use and copies -RRB- ?? Unhappy with the purchase - and Costco dropped the price $ 50 within 45 days . A double negative !!!
 The Toshiba DVD recorder seems like it was created as a textbook example of how not to engineer a user interface . The underpowered remote , which will not work unless pointed directly at the recorder 's sweet spot , is covered in a bewildering array of incomprehensively-labeled buttons . I 'm a smart guy , but seeing buttons labeled '' * '' and `` O '' really puts me off . The virtual keyboard was evidently designed by a sadist ; combinations of moving the cursor around the screen merge with strange elections like `` pause '' to toggle caps lock . Should you make a mistake -LRB- easy with the box 's slow response times to its weak remote -RRB- , you 'll need to flip a little door open on the remote to find the `` delete '' button . Just be careful not to press the identical `` clear all '' button that 's right next to it.When I tried to edit chapter information , I got highly uninformative error messages about the option not being available . I had to dig through the 150-page instruction manual to find that I was getting the error because I was trying to add chapter information to a DVD-R , which is verboten.The picture quality is decent . The built-in line doubler works tolerably well . But using this thing is like pulling teeth , and in fact I 've barely touched on the pounding headaches this device will give you.Mine is going back to the store . I 'll get a DVD recorder manufactured by a company that actually hires people to create usable UI .
 I have had this machine for about a month and have thought about returning it several times . If you have had trouble seting up a VCR , forget about this one . Much to complex for most.Who needs all these features ? Seventy or so buttons on the remote . Only fair documentation . Get an electronics degree before you buy one . I will say the quality is good but I preffer my simple VCR .
 Three reasons not to buy this device :1 -RRB- It 's very slow . Want to eject a disk ? Hit eject and find something else to do for 3 minutes . Reinsert a disk ? Wait for it to load for 3-10 minutes -LRB- these are not exaggerations -RRB- .2 -RRB- Unreliable . Some people say the UI is bad . I found it pretty easy to use . However , I set it to record about 40 shows . 3 of them did n't work . It was n't that I did something wrong , it just did n't go . Right time , right channel , internal clock was correct , set to `` execute '' but it did n't even turn on .3 -RRB- Waste a lot of disks . About 1/5 of what I recorded eventually failed for one reason or another . In one case , I had 6 - 1/2 hour shows on a disk . When recording the 7th , a very small finger print ruined the burn and consequently the disk . Countless other times , it simply said the disk was dirty or ruined.I went back to my VCR . It never fails -LRB- unless I make the mistake -RRB- and it works quickly and efficiently . Why buy new technology that 's worse than the old stuff ?
 Had to return it unfortunately . I have no idea why they made the socket holes so small . My flat screen TV was purchased at Best Buy in NYC . No excuse for why it did n't fit like it should have . Waste of my time and money .
 I must modify my review of this camera . After getting used to it for a few weeks , it has become an excellent purchase . The trick to taking good pictures with this camera is in utilizing their half-pressed button information screen ; it tells you what exactly it will be focusing on , exactly how fast the shutter will be , and exactly what the picture will look like . I have been able to take some great pictures with this camera in the weeks since my initial review . Because this camera does have somewhat of a ` learners curve ' I much give it only 4 stars , but once you get used to this camera , it is a fantastic buy.I got this camera refurbished . From the reviews , I thought I was getting a great bargain . What turned out , was that it COULD take fair pictures in full light outdoors ... But as soon as I brought the camera inside , even WITH direct light , it would force a really slow shutter speed ; or with the flash , it would be a bit better . Even with the flash , the indoor photos always looked FANTASTIC at a 50 % magnification , but as soon as you went to 100 % it looked very grainy . Unless my camera was not repaired correctly , I would steer clear . Be warned ...
 Heads up on these headphones : The Good : These headphones have a reinforced cord that makes it difficult to break in two and has interchangeable plates . Good for jogging at night.The Bad : Uhm , @ 99 cents plus $ 4 shipping , I 've bought better headphones from Big Lots and Ross . Sound is weak . Even @ maximum volume , bass does n't pump well and the sound is flat all the way through . I 'm dissatisfied with these headphones all the way through . You want cheap headphones , get them from a discount store.You 're better off getting the JVC Marshmallow earbuds , which are roughly the same price . Great sound , bass , and one of the best headphones . In the low-end of headphones , the best quality sound comes from Logitech ; but beware of them being fragile !
 The Sound is horrible . I thought that the problem was with the speakers . I bought a new pair of jbl.The sound did n't improve , so I taught that the problem was with the zune , but it was weird because when I was using the headphones the sound of the zune was amazing.So I tried to connect directly the zune to the JBL speakers and the sound was incredible crisp.The only reason I 'm giving this crappy dock 2 stars it is because I can still use the remote control otherwise the $ 65 were gone derectly to the garbage .
 Alien ware needs to stick with making expensive PC 's and laptops . They should avoid making mp3 players , because it sucks so bad.I got my AW ce-iv2 from an other site.Here are a list of things for the aliens to work on .1 -RRB- it feels crappy in your hands -LRB- made from cheap plastic -RRB- 2 -RRB- the battery life sucks . -LRB- be sure to get rechargable batteries -RRB- 3 -RRB- The back cover needs to be removed to access the SD card slot4 -RRB- After a little use the back cover just falls off .5 -RRB- Headphones suck and are not very durable .5 -RRB- Ther is not way to go to a specific song with out skipping through all the songs .6 -RRB- Scratches very easily .7 -RRB- Headphones fall of your ear if you dont stay still like a statue .8 -RRB- Voice recording is very weak .9 -RRB- This mp3 player shold be priced under $ 50 because it 's crap .10 -RRB- FM radio -- bad receptionFinal conclusionDont buy it . IT might come in a cool alienware casing but its aSPACE TRASH .
 I operate a console gaming center and I use wired Xbox 360 controllers over usb/cat5 . I was hoping that these would work better than the ones I already have which allow me to use the controllers and headsets but not rumble . These , however , would not even allow the controller to connect , and they cost twice as much as the ones I was already using !
 The packaging clearly states 2MP . Boy was I surprised by the crap photos ! Upon further inspection of the box I found the fine print on the bottom that says 2MP `` interpolation '' - what the % $ # @ ? It turns out that you can use the software to upconvert after the fact to be able to print your oh so crappy photos.The kids are having fun with the games and in camera photo editing -LRB- which is the only reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- , but Mommy is highly disapointed .
 My 4.5 year old son LOVES this camera he got for Christmas . He takes pictures of everything , and I do n't feel I need to supervise him at all since it is a toy . He 's dropped it once already , and it bounced quite nicely.However , the picture quality is HORRID . My old 110 camera I had as a child took better photos . Outdoor photos are better than indoor photos by a long shot , but all of them have a certain distance you have to stand at to get any sort of focus.I wish there were less features like graphics and games and more basic quality to the pictures .
 We bought this for our 5 year old thinking it would be fun.What JUNK.This thing has to be keep still for 8 seconds , EIGHT SECONDS to acquire an image . It is like taking pictures in the Civil War.Needless to say , no 5 year old can stay still , or should have to stay still for 8 seconds.As for the good the `` good '' reviews , those people must have some really low standards for their technology.Our little boy was really sad that Santa sent something , broken.We sent it back to the North Pole for good.Don ' t bother with this product .
 Length :
 The camera view screen is dark and the photos are barely visible , thinking of returning product . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 Great idea . Miserable execution - false premise . This is not a multi pixel camera . It is .3 and you have to do some hocus pocus with each picture to get it up to its claimed resolution . But you do n't get there and it is a PITA . Too bad as the kids loved it ; but even the 3 year old said , `` Why are the pictures nut -LRB- sic -RRB- clear ? '' For $ 70 a few $ could have been spent on the sensor . That would make it 5 star , as is it gets 0 stars as the picture and video quality are miserable .
 Quit working after the first drop to a concrete floor from about 3 feet . Despite all the apparent shock protection , it is not well-made . Further off buying a Polaroid digital camera for about the same cost . Picture quality is poor . Response is slow . Huge disappointment . Would recommend everyone buy something else . Would never buy again .
 The camera has a delay when turning it on or taking photos . It 's pretty frustrating for my 6 year old to use , and me too . I would n't spend the money on this again .
 My children had a great deal of fun with this until we needed to change the batteries . The screws are recessed and made of a very soft metal so they were stripped in no time . Since they are recessed the camera was useless . A very expensive short-term toy .
 The camera offers games as an option which is good for a 4-year old . However , the digital screen is very dark in ordinary light . The resulting pictures are either over-exposed and light or under-exposed and dark ; there is no middle ground . Also the camera does not allow any adjustments . This function would have to be vastly improved for the camera to get higher marks from me .
 We bought this gift as a christmas gift for our 4 year old , and while the product is very nice in the outside for the kids - nice colours , good grip , easy to use , nice buttons , good design - the quality of the pictures is very bad , especially if you are looking to create your kid first album . The vast majority of the pictures comes white ... and those that are not white have a very lousy quality image . Indeed a cellphone camera makes a better job . I assume VTech might improve the megapixel for the next camera , but in the meantime I would not recommend you to buy this camera . For 1/3 of the cost -LRB- currently at 70 -RRB- , you can buy a digital camera from CVS that makes a better job than this one .
 My son loved this toy for the 2 weeks that it worked . The down button stopped functioning after 2 weeks . Vtech has done nothing but give us the run around about getting it replaced . Way to stand behind your product !
 For Christmas , I purchased a Kidizoom Digital Camera for my 3.5 year old son . So far my son has taken over 400 photos with it . And out of those 400 photos , less than 10 are good enough to keep . I am EXTREMELY disappointed in this camera . It is fairly easy for him to use , but he can not hold it still enough to get pictures that are n't blurry.I am realistic in the fact that I know the pictures are going to be very low quality , but if I would have known the pictures would be pretty much unrecognizable , I would never have spent the $ 50 on this camera.The most frustrating part for me is the fact that I can not return it because the packaging had to be completely destroyed to get the camera out . And I 'm honestly considering boycotting all Vtech toys as I am NOT happy with this kind of quality .
 The specification listed on Amazon is likely wrong . This is a 0.3 megapixel camera , not a 1.3 megapixel camera . This is corroborated by the statement `` 16 MB internal memory that stores 200 + photos '' , which would n't be possible at 1.3 megapixels . The image size is 640x480 `` VGA '' . This camera was given to my 3 year old who quickly learned how to turn it on and take pictures . He enjoys it and it has taken the pressure off of us to let him use the family point and shoot . He gives it a good workout including dropping it on the ground , putting it in his trike basket , and generally treating as you 'd expect a 3 year old would.There are a few simple games that my older 3 year old likes -LRB- memory games -RRB- and a fun function where you can take pictures with fun items -LRB- a viking hat , Groucho nose , etc. -RRB- superimposed . Again a fun thing for the older kids.But the pictures are not only low resolution , they are horrible . The low resolution is good in that it lets you store many pictures -LRB- over 100 -RRB- on the built-in memory . But even low resolution pictures could be decent -LRB- as on early cell phone cameras -RRB- . 640x480 pixels should fill about 1/4 of my laptop screen and that is n't a terrible size . It is also about the resolution of a standard definition TV so one would hope they would display on a TV at that quality.But this camera has no exposure control and no focus so that pictures come out very dark inside and very washed out outside . As adults we tried to take the best pictures we could and nothing was worth keeping . Given that multi-megapixel cameras with zoom , autofocus , exposure control , and more are n't much more than $ 100 , I am surprised that this basic camera is so horrible . They must use a terrible sensor to achieve this poor quality.We read the reviews knowing the picture quality was bad so we are happy with it and would have given it three stars . But after reading the product description I am deducting a star because I believe the description misrepresents the camera both in megapixel size and photo quality.Specifically it says
 I bought this camera as christmas present for my 3 year old son to get him away from my camera . I was very dissapointed with the quality of this camera . First off it is impossible to take pictures indoors the flash is too weak so the pictures come out black or too dark . Most pictures are taken indoors vs. outdoors . The window in the back is too dark -LRB- indoors -RRB- so a kid has to look through the visor in order to take a picture . The camera is very durable if dropped but my son never dropped my camera and it would have been more like a bonus feature for me if the camera would take some decent pictures . Now I can not even return this piece of junk because I had to throw away the package it comes with so my son would n't cut himself on the sharp plastic . I should have bought a cheap regular digital camera and would have been more happy with . Even if he would have dropped that camera I would have gotten the money out of it . The reason I bought this camera was it had good reviews and I always liked the quality v-tech has . I assumed that this camera came in a quality I was used to . I do n't get the good reviews at all . Either their children had no experience with other cameras or they just use it as a regular pretent camera toy . If I wanted that I would have bought my son a pretent camera . The additional features on this camera - like the games are too advanced for a 3 year old . The frames , stamps and animation are boring ... I guess this is another piece I will eventually donate to someone . If this would be a camera for $ 20 I would n't be so upset because you expect flaws from a price like that . But this is a high priced toy - I have seen it for around $ 80 to $ 130 . For this price you can buy a fairly good regular digital camera which would take some decent pictures . If you want frames on them - there are a number of free picture programs who do that . To sum this all up
 I have n't been this disappointed in a toy purchase ... ever . I bought two of them , one for my son and one for my daughter . The only positive thing is they seem durable . Image quality is crap . Software is crap . I could have bought something great for the money spent on this worthless little plastic piece of garbage . I am sorry I bought them - I can not recommend this product under any circumstances .
 We got this camera for our little boy who wanted to play with our camera . It is very durable and handles drops pretty well . The dual views are good and the button placement is pretty good for little hands . It is a little too easy to change mode , though.HOWEVER , and this is a big however , it takes HORRID quality pictures !!! Every single picture is blurry , even with a flash . A flash makes it better , but not great . It also runs through batteries very quickly and , when the batteries are low , the flash does n't work at all . You have to hold it perfectly still -LRB- as if a young child will do that -RRB- and you can only take a picture of something that is perfectly still . It may take a decent picture on a tripod , but not being held by anyone , even an adult . I personally tried to take a picture outside in bright sunlight and it was STILL blurry . One bit of weirdness , any video you take is relatively OK . It 's just the still images.We decided it was a piece of junk and are giving him an old digital camera we no longer use instead .
 I got this for my 4-year-old daughter after reading the good reviews . My child loves taking pictures with the grown-up 's camera and she actually did a good job at shooting a few nice pictures , so I though a camera designed for kids would make a perfect Christmas gift . And I was wrong.My daughter was very happy when she took it out of the box , but after trying the camera for some time , she just put it away and did not seem very interested at all . The main reason is this camera does not produce good pictures . I do n't expect high-definition photos at all , but at least I expect to be able to recognize the objects in the picture . With this camera 90 % of the pictures come out too dark to see at all . The flash does not work most of the time even in very dark rooms . And I could not figure out how to make the flash work . There is no setting to enable or disable the flash . Also , the actual scene taken into the picture is much much smaller than what you see from the view-finder . The result is you shoot at a face but only get the forehead.Other features such as photo editing are nice , but the controls to get them are too difficult for a small child.The good side is the camera seems to be very tough . I would probably give this camera to my 2-year-old son who does not care about picture quality , and buy my daughter a `` real '' digital camera . After all , she loves taking pictures !
 I thought 2.0 Mega Pixels was pretty low , considering most phone cameras are better than that . I was surprised to find how horrible the pictures were once my son got it for Christmas . I looked in the manual to see if maybe there was a setting only to learn that ... THIS CAMERA ONLY CREATES 0.3 MEGA PIXEL IMAGES !!! It says so right in the manual -LRB- page 16 line 6 -RRB- . That 's THREE TENTHS of a mega pixel or THREE HUNDRED PIXELS ! 300 . Not 2,048 as advertised . Are you freaking kidding me?So where does the 2.0 MP come from ? The manual states that you can create a `` 2.0 Mega Pixels interpolated resolution '' using their included software . I assume that 's marketing speak for `` digitally blowing up a piece of garbage picture to the same pixel dimensions of an ` actual ' 2.0 camera hoping that the stupid customer wo n't notice that no matter how good your software is you ca n't increase a 300 pixel image and expect it to be worth anything good . `` You can easily find an `` adult '' camera in the same price range that will produce FAR superior pictures -LRB- ones you can actually see -RRB- . Sure , it does n't look like bubble gum , but they are just as easy to use and probably just as durable.I 'm returning this horrible excuse for a picture taking device . It 's an insult to every decent camera that has ever existed .
 I would rate negative stars if I could.Deception from seller
 I bought this product for my 5 year old daughter . She loved it but almost all the functionality stopped working after about 9 months . I contacted VTech support but what they said was `` nothing could be done since problems occurred after 3 months '' . Therefore , I would not suggest this product to anyone !!!! DO NOT BUY!YOU WILL REGRET !
 We tried 2 blue hat toys this Christmas . We were unable to get either the mp3 player or this camera working.Battery cover is completely impossible . Do n't buy this toy its junk .
 Sadly , on Christmas morning when our daughter opened this , the view finder did n't work . It was just fuzz . Needless to say , our daughter was disappointed . When we tried to get another one to replace it , the camera was no longer available . So while we thought it would be a fun toy for our daughter , we were disappointed .
 My nephew loved this camera when i got it for him , but after about a month it stopped working at all . We thought the batteries were dead when it would not turn on at all , but when we put in new batteries it still will not turn on at all . We called Vtech and they told us to push the reset button on the bottom of the camera , no luck . For $ 30 - $ 50 i did n't expect a great quality camera , but i certainly expected more than 1 month out of it . From what i have read it is going to be pointless to try to get a new one from Vtech , i should have bought the fisher price camera even though it was cheaper with less features .
 My 4 year old daughter received this camera for Christmas . While it is easy for her to use and very durable , the pictures are just TERRIBLE . The quality and the focus is awful . It is too bad , because I really enjoy seeing what she thinks is important to take a picture of -- but barely any of them are of good enough quality to save or print . I 'd rather buy a slightly better , but less durable camera and just teach her to be careful . I almost never write reviews , but the functionality of this camera is such a disappointment , I felt I needed to let people know .
 My kids received this as a Christmas present . I knew the pictures would n't be great , but I at least expected you could see the people in the pictures . They really are bad and the flash is even worse . I was highly disappointed in this camera . They 'd have been better off with a cheap real camera that even if they broke it we could just replace for as much as this one costs . You also have to use a screw driver to get into the memory card if you want to get it out and it 's in the same place as half of the batteries . Our screw was stripped quickly and it is already worthless than 3 months after getting it . They can pretend with it , but do n't expect pictures that will even print wallet sized .
 My 3 year old son received this as a christmas gift.It broke ... I mean broke -LRB- whole thing shut down -RRB- several hrs later . Mailed it back to VTECH and we STILL have not received the replacement ... seems they have been out of restock inventory for more than 3 months ... funny since if you walk into any Target or Walmart in the country , you will find it on their shelves.I would not recommend this product based on the lousy customer service from VTECH .
 After two months , this camera quit working . I checked the battery compartments -LRB- there are two -RRB- to see if they needed a new set of batteries and found that all four of the fresh , new batteries I placed in this new camera two months ago were leaking.I called Vtech customer service and spoke with two different representatives regarding this problem . They told me that it was my fault that the camera was not working because I did not remove the batteries after my children stopped playing with it for a couple of weeks . They read the manual to me , word-for-word , which stated that the batteries should be `` removed after an extended period of time . `` I asked if two weeks was considered an `` extended period of time , '' and they would not give me a clear answer , but dodged the question and stated that the warranty on this camera no longer applied because of my `` negligence . `` This camera took mediocre - if that ! - photos and video . It also cost a lot of money for the quality of photos and a child 's toy at that.Hopefully , this experience does not happen to anyone who does decide to purchase this camera . But be warned that Vtech will NOT honor their warranty on this camera if they believe you did not follow the manual 's instructions . Unfortunately , the instructions are worded so that Vtech has the ability to make the instructions say what they want when you call with an issue or problem.The second representative offered me a `` discounted '' price to order a new camera - $ 42.00 . This price does NOT include tax or UPS shipping charges . So , basically , it was hardly a discount after all.I am EXTREMELY disappointed with the Vtech customer service `` resolution '' of this issue and will no longer purchase Vtech toys .
 I am a photographer myself and researched this camera fully before buying it for my two young children . I never expected quality photos , but figured the kids would enjoy taking photos with it like Dad . It had the added benefit of being durable , or so I thought . I bought two of these and after putting the batteries in each one , noticed that one of the cameras grew very hot . I quickly opened the battery compartments to check the batteries . I double-checked the polarity of the batteries and made sure I placed them into the camera correctly . I then noticed smoke coming from the camera , and I quickly shook the batteries out . The batteries burned my hand to touch them . I was using brand new brand-name alkaline batteries , placed in the camera correctly . The fact that the camera grew so hot within 30 seconds and started to smoke makes me very concerned what would have happened had I not noticed the problem and handed the camera to my child . It appeared that the camera was shipped with a short in the circuitry . Now , I do n't want to bash the camera itself , but I do want to make parents aware of such a quality issue in this camera . Be sure to supervise your children and never let them change batteries themselves -LRB- which you should never do anyways -RRB- . I 'm sure my situation is a rare one , but it happened nonetheless . I 'm disappointed in V-tech for what could have endangered a child . And also , be aware that the diagram displaying how the batteries should be inserted into the camera is very tiny and hard to read on the camera itself . This is also a bad oversight by V-tech as inserting the batteries incorrectly could cause battery leakage and possible burns . A clearer diagram should be on the camera .
 It would be a great product if the picture / video quality was better . My 4 year old son has used my camera and has taken some good pictures . I thought this would be a perfect Christmas gift . I should have taken a chance with a real digital camera and see how long it would have lasted . At least he can have some fun until I find a better one.Update
 I bought 2 of the cameras for my grandchildren . The camera seems to be well built but the picture quality is worst than a cell phone for resolution and picture quality . I was very disapointed on Christmas morning the we opened the package and the kids took pictures . They put them down and have not picked then up since . The pictures were very dark and even with the flash were disapointing . I would like to return it .
 So disappointed . Batteries were dead and it did not include the card we needed to take pictures . I was a very sad grandmother on Christmas morning seeing the hurt in my granddaughters face .
 The pictures and movie quality were mediocre -- hardly worth the $ 75-80 we paid for this camera . But my kids both loved the toy . The shocker was how quickly it died . Because it was such an expensive toy we only let them play with it on trips , like on the airplane . Imagine my surprise when this apparently ridiculously durable looking toy , built and weighing like a tank , broke after maybe 5 uses , all under adult supervision . None of the buttons work anymore . No idea what caused it to die , but it 's not as if it was dipped in water or dropped or anything . Terribly disappointing . At about $ 15-20 I 'd consider myself satisfied with what we got out of it . At $ 30-40 I 'd consider myself disappointed . At $ 75-80 I feel completely ripped off .
 This was a great camera for the 2 weeks it worked . My son was using it the second time and when he came back to play again it would not turn on . We replaced the batteries , set the reset button to no avail . He is so upset . he wanted to bring it on the vacation and now will have nothing . save your money
 My 6 year old son loved this and took a lot of great photos , but then it just went dead after about 2 weeks . There was no accident and changing the batteries did n't do anything . My son is now very disappointed and we are looking for another camera .
 I bought this item for my 5 & 7 year old boys who love using mommy & Daddy 's cameras . This is the biggest piece of junk . When you look through the view finder the picture is centered , but when you take the picture half the picture is cut off ! It was very frustrating to the kids and the parents . Let 's not talk about quality . The quality is less than poor . The pictures are grainy , fuzzy and out of focus -LRB- no matter what lighting situation -RRB- . My kids were looking forward to downloading the pictures to the computer to print them off , but they are so grainy it 's not worth the money or effort . This may be a good toy for a younger child , but I DO NOT recommend for older kids . POOR CHOICE ! Put your money towards a cheap real digital camera !
 Despite the fabulous reviews for this product we were very disappointed . While we enjoyed it for a day , the thing stopped working exactly 24 hours after it came out of the box . My 4 yo daughter is pretty bummed . I ca n't say how this will be resolved ; I emailed the company as suggested in the product literature and at this point am hopeful they 'll simply replace it . We followed the instructions to the letter and checked the trouble-shooting guide as well . I wish I could rate the toy higher but its short life merits my low rating .
 I bought 2 !! of these cameras for 3 year old daughters for Christmas . They love to take pictures with disposable cameras so I thought this would be a great gift . However , it does not take good pictures at all ! If the subject is too close , the image is bleached out . If moving , it is blurry . Out of 100 pictures , none turned out . I even tried taking pictures with it . It took a great amount of skill -LRB- and completely still object -RRB- to turn out a not-so-great picture . Save your money and buy a disposable camera that can take pictures you can actually develop .
 My 4 year old loved the camera - but it died after about a year of relatively light use . Overall pretty poor build quality but I should n't have expected much more for the price .
 Not as easy to use as advertised . Slow processing shots so the kids using it get distracted easily . I took it back to ToysRUs !
 My son got this for his 3rd Birthday . He loved it and took a million weird pictures including the dog pooping in the yard . You got ta laugh when you see pictures a kid takes ! He did n't use it for more than a month when it started acting up . I thought it was just the batteries and had n't gotten around to replacing them . Then I thought it accidentally got turned on in the car and drained the new batteries . If I had really thought about it I would have realized it was not working right . Finally when we put brand new batteries in and it immediately flashed the low battery sign and shut off , we knew it was broken . He was very careful with this camera . I 'm very disappointed in the quality and lack of ANY warranty ! Luckily I had the foresight to purchase an extended warranty from Toys R us and can get my money back from that . However , I 'm still out $ 10 for the warranty and only got to use the camera for about a month ! Not cool for something that costs $ 60 . He really wants a camera so I 'm going to risk buying another one and get the warranty AGAIN .
 Looks and feels great . Extras and compatibility are swell . Handling is nice ... THE PICTURES ARE SOOOOO BAD you 'll want to throw it away . What a waste of money . Why make a fantastic toy that the main component is cheap as ? Buy if you want an over priced hand held game unit with two games that last about 5 minutes . KEEP LOOKING if you want a camera that takes even slightly passable pictures . What a shame .
 I am amazed that no one has mentioned the fact that this `` camera '' is loaded with video games . Yes , the picture quality sucks , but I can live with that . The most I wanted out of this thing was to inspire my daughter to be creative . All she wants to do is play the f * & % ing video games now . This was a big purchase for us and I am * TOTALLY * disappointed .
 at first we really liked this camera , perfect for a three year old . but after the second day , we realized if she wanted to use it , we would have to replace the batteries every single day . seriously ! on their website , they even say you cant use rechargeables . my daughter was so disappointed when i told her i cant buy batteries for her camera everyday . if we could do it all over , i would have gotten her a cheap , regular digital camera , with a rechargeable battery system.dont buy this unless you like waisting money on batteries
 This card is a major pain to get to work.I installed first with the software on the cd and could not get rid of the 1 mbps problem . I then uninstalled everything , including removing the reg keys according to Linksys 's forums . I also uninstalled my ethernet card and all its drivers.Finally I let windows install it and just installed the drivers from the Linksys website . It finally works but still does not get great speeds . It gets 4 bars and sits around 80 meg . Every so often it drops down to 30 or so and then bounces back . I can at least surf the network and was able to play some diablo 2 with little problem.This was a wrt160n - > wmp300n setup on windows XP pro and the wrt160n is wonderful , so I am blaming the card . I also have to keep the router set on 20mhz and not 40mhz or the card defaults to 1 mbps .
 Product says that it is Vista compatible but it was not in my case . I ended up having to return this product . First of all it has a non-standard installer . When finally getting it installed in an unusual way , there are hardware conflicts . Try to fix this then it does not even partially recognize the device . If you check the linksys website the only have the old driver which ships with the product . A complete waste of my time .
 Do n't buy this card until they fix the thing . It crashes my pc whenever I install it . When I disable the card my pc runs fine but when I enable it then 20mins later my pc crashes . Please use another more stable card because this card was not ready to be sold to consumers .
 I installed this wireless adapter to work with a Linksys Wireless-N router . Recently , I 've been losing the connection for 5-10 minutes at a time for no logical reason . I thought it may have been my operating system -LRB- Vista -RRB- , but I just recently reformatted my hard drive and installed XP and this wireless adapter is still dropping the connection . I have spent hours trying to tweak the settings in order to get this adapter to work with no success . I have bought Linksys products in the past and have been very happy with the quality , but this experience has been horrible . I will probably never buy another Linksys product again .
 I ordered this card for a Vista machine and it worked great , I was able to stream high def video from my media server to my home theater pc and the playback was smooth , exactly what i wanted . Later I moved this wireless card to a different desktop running WindowsXP Service Pack 3 and it became a nightmare to deal with . It worked great for a month , then it started to drop the connection . At first a reboot would take care of it . THen it progressed to rebooting sometimes would n't take care of it , i 'd have to leave the computer on for an hour and it would eventually re-connect . When it wo n't connect what i mean is it scans endlessly for wifi networks in range and finds none when there are in fact three . It progressed to if i uninstalled the driver and re-installed the driver again , it would connect . Now it 's progressed to the point where most of the time it wo n't find wifi networks to connect to and when it does , my connection will last 3-5 minutes and then drop and go back into scanning with finding nothing to connect to . I will also add that I have a laptop in the same room with a ` G ' wifi card which has less range than the 300N does and it has no issues at all.I 've called Linksys on the issue and they pretty much told me if i 'm running Service Pack 3 on XP , this is the problem that you get because the drivers are not designed for Service Pack 3 . I asked them for new drivers and they said their newest driver is from 2007 with no beta/dev version available . This is absolutely unacceptable to me . What this means is that if you 're running XP , you are forced to stay on Service Pack 2 and remain vulnerable to Internet attacks.I 'm kicking myself for not going with D-XXXX instead .
 I have owned this card for several years , it 's a complete pain in the ass with very good range . I recently upgraded to Windows 7 64-bit and after a lot of looking and finally live chat with linksys , this device is absolutely not compatible with windows7 64-bit . it will cause random lock up and blue screens , if you can get it to work at all . Linksys has this information hidden away on their website , despite their driver download saying its compatible with windows 7 64bit . It absolutely is not , try it and you will find your pc randomly locking up all the time .
 Driver problems with this item as others have posted . Will not hold signal from router 80 ' away.No updated driver available .
 I bought two of these for two different computers . One is a straight windows XP OS and the other one is XP media edition . In a nutshell , the adapters fail several times a week and you must go through the whole install process again to get them up . Repeated calls to Linksys have been no help . I will never , never buy another adapter from them . 20 years of computing and these adapters have been the worse products I have ever bought for any of my computers . Please note , we are talking not just one adapter and computer but two . I gave up on one machine and just ran CAT 5 but the other is yet to be resolved . Oh and stupid me has been putting up with this for over a year now . So , sorry but I can not recommend for anyone to buy these adapters .
 I purchased this card as a long-time customer of Linksys . I have a WAP 4400N from Linksys with the latest firmware , as the access point . I installed this into a Dell E510 Media Center SP2 , with only a video card in the PCI slots . I have a boot drive and *** had *** a brand new 500GB Seagate drive for data.The installation went smoothly , and the card seemed to work fine using it for Internet access -LRB- 270 MB ! -RRB- . However , when I started to copy 30-40 4MB image files from another file server on my LAN , it would get about 5-7 of them and then hang . After that , the network showed connected , but there was nobody home . I would have to reboot to get a network connection back . I tried this again , and the second time it hung and completely blew out the hard drive that it was writing to ! If I try to use the drive in another PC to recover the data , it just hangs . I have tried recovery software and it is no use.I replaced the drive -LRB- thinking it was an infant mortality - 2 months old -RRB- and tried the WMP300N again , same crashing results . I have removed this and have taken it back to the dealer . It truly is a dangerous piece of junk ! THe new drive and the PC work great without the card.The Dell does n't allow me to set IRQs for the PCI slots , as this is probably a driver conflict . However , this is really bad driver software from Linksys , as I have since placed another vendor 's card in the machine and it is rock solid.Buyer , definitely beware ! I had tried to get the drivers from elsewhere as much of the lore indicates , but they fared no better . Avoid this card at ALL COST !
 I purchased two WMP300N 's for two computers . One is a stock Dell Dimension and the other is a custom computer with an A8N-SLI Deluxe MB.BOTH COMPUTERS BLUESCREEN after random amounts of time . I 've tried the new and old drivers from Linksys.These cards are going back .
 I bought this adapter after my my older Linksys USB adapter died on me after years of faithful service . I figured since my landlord had a Draft N router , I 'd pick up an adapter to match and figured the extra cost was worth it . If I knew then what I knew now , I could have saved myself a lot of money and a lot of time.It was a pain to get installed , but once it was up and running it worked great . For about a month . Then I started having issues with Linksys connection manager being unable to connect to the router . So I uninstalled the adapter , reinstalled it and it started working fine again . But , it acted up once again a couple of weeks later and I found using Windows connection manager fixed , for the most part , my problems but I still found myself reinstalling the adapter at least once a month.Now , about 2-3 months after buying the thing , I can not leave my computer idle for more than a few minutes without the computer freezing up . At first , I thought it was a Windows XP issue so I reinstalled Windows . The freezing continued . So I then uninstalled this wireless adapter and my computer went back to working like it was brand new . So , I reinstalled the adapter and figured that 's all it needed . Well , a day or so later , the computer went back to freezing up again.I have n't had more than 2 weeks where this adapter has n't caused me problems . I 've been reading reviews of this item on various sites and I 'm wishing I had done that before I actually bought it . From the sounds of it , this adapter has had problems since it was first put on store shelves and Linksys has yet to address the issue with any sort of software or firmware update and that 's extremely disappointing . I have n't bothered calling for support since Linksys has either A -RRB- deemed any problems an issue with the computer or B -RRB- has said the company is working on the issues.I 'm thinking I 'll just bite the bullet and buy a cheaper Wireless-G adapter from another company and chalk up my purchase to being a bit of a costly mistake to learn from
 this thing sucks . my laptop wireless works better than this . this thing bottlenecks my download speeds . i use windows XP and have used it with vista same results .
 This adapter was easy to install . However , the setup CD was cracked . Linksys did not want to send me a replacement , but then agreed . They burned one and sent me that . Fortunately , I knew how to find the software Online and downloaded and installed it . But then , the adapter will not stay connected to the Internet . A Google search revealed other users have the same problem and no solution works . If you buy this , it may not work , so be prepared to send it back . -LRB- If someone who reads this has a solution , please post it for me and others who have a problem with this adapter . -RRB-
 9/13/2006
 Windows 7 has been in testing for over a year yet this device has no windows 7 drivers . If you want a windows 7 adapter for your desktop this is not compatable with Any version .
 I am not a computer whiz . I installed this product and the drivers on the CD on my XP system . The product seemed to work fine . Soon after , I noticed the computer was freezing up . Foolishly I did n't put 2 and 2 together , and assumed that the computer was overheating , because I 'd had another do this . I began fiddling with the heat sink , and ended up screwing up the computer . I ended up getting a whole new computer before I realized that it was this product that was bad . My new computer began freezing up , too . Doh . I finally got it . So beware!PS Looking back at the reviews -LRB- 1/09 -RRB- I gather that it works better on Vista , but I am amazed at how many people give it 5 stars , though noting that they had to do a custom install , evidently because of high speeds and range . Different strokes for different folks , I guess . Mine 's unused on a shelf in the basement .
 the linksys wireless - n router and pci adap . i purchased lasted about a week then dropped for no reason and wont come back up . ive tried everything i could think of to get a connection again and nothing worked . as far as im concerned ill just stick with a company i trust from now on . -LRB- D-LINK -RRB- the linksys website sucks . the tech support sucks . the items suck . never again will i buy a linksys item or purchase anything for my pc from amazon .
 I was initially pleased with the ease of setup and the range and speed improvement over my old wireless G network . Then I noticed that the audio/video on my receiving computer -LRB- Using the WMP300N PCI DESKTOP CARD -RRB- had become choppy and static . After days of rollbacks and uninstalls I traced it to the linksys driver for the WMP300N . To make matters worse , the uninstall for this does not work properly and leaves keys in the registry which prevent the new driver from installing without some geek activities that might be daunting to the average user . Then the new driver after I finally got it installed , was much better but not completely fixed . As a former driver developer I noticed that the new driver solution for the problem was simply to saturate the PCI bus with data ! The computer equivalent of talking faster and louder so no one else can get a word in edgewise ! If you attempt to run other intensive data applications such as gaming , or video rendering applications , this `` solution '' will cause your computer to hang . Microsoft would NEVER certify a driver written like this.Since the value of this router in terms of range and speed , depends on the use of Linksys ' own desktop receiver solution , the overall system you set up is severely flawed and I can not and would not recommend it.I do not know if the laptop receiver card exhibits the same behavior .
 I am running Windows XP , sp2 and had nothing but problems with this card -LRB- Linksys WMP300N -RRB- . In short , the wireless would connect to my router -LRB- also Linksys N -RRB- for a short period it did provide internet access , but within 5 , sometimes 10 minutes , the computer would freeze up . No movement , mouse , keyboard and applications all froze . I spent a couple weeks working off of a number of forums , tried a number of fixes , including bypassing the Linksys management tool , using the Windows wireless manager , but to no avail . I broke down and went back to Frys and picked up a Belkin N today - works like a charm , no lockup , no freezing and the wireless access is up and running again . My best advice , save yourself the headache and pick up a different card - perhaps the problem is related to Windows XP and if your running Vista you may have better luck than I did . No offense to Linksys , love the router . But the WMP300N leaves much to be desired . Thanks for reading and good luck .
 After moving to a new apt where the landlord would be unhappy if I drilled holes for ethernet cables , I decided to upgrade my router from a Linksys WRT55AG . It had been rock solid reliable for years . I bought the new N router WRT600N . Works great . So I bought a PCI wireless adapter for my Vista-32 desktop , and all I got was BSOD stop erros . Never had a problem with my desktop before -LRB- Gigabyte mobo -RRB- . Tech support was easy to contact , but entirely useless.I managed to find some drivers for my Ver .2 -LRB- Euro , ch1-14 -RRB- WMP300N from the UK web site . They were 2006 but seemd to work . No more BSOD , but then Windows Update snagged the latest 2007 drivers for me , now my PC freezes every hour or two -LRB- hard restart -RRB- . Very difficult to rollback drivers , thanks to sloppy uninstall code . As far as I am concerned , the WMP300N is quite dodgey and should be avoided . This model should be discontinued . I ca n't believe MS would let them call it `` Vista compatable '' . I might give the USB600N a go , but this has damaged my opinion of Linksys severely . Any one want to buy a WMP300Nv2 cheap ?
 I 'm a major geek . IT people ask me for help when they have problems.I needed a card on short notice , and bought this one because I `` knew '' that Linksys made good stuff . Serves me right for not checking things out in advance as I normally do.I debated installing the drivers manually , but decided to follow the manufacturer 's instructions . Big mistake . The Linksys wireless management software conflicted with the XP Zero config utility and neither one would run properly . The Linksys software also spontaneously crashed and rebooted my box.I uninstalled all the Linksys stuff and manually installed just the drivers . That seemed ok , but no matter what I tried , I could n't get an IP from the router for the card.I thought I had some problem with wireless security and encryption and tried all different variations and combinations.I finally turned off the XP wireless configuration and reinstalled the Linksys utility . After playing around with it a while , I found some built-in diagnostics . I ran them and the program reported back 2 memory related failures in the card.So it turned out that the card was half dead out of the box , and I wasted all that time thinking I had a configuration problem.Bad hardware and even the sucky Linksys software agrees .
 I have had the wmp300n for almost a year . Built a new computer and everything worked like a dream until I threw in the 300N adapter . Lockups , dropped connections , hours and hours of reading support forums and trying diff . things . I even asked the Geek Squad at Best Buy if they knew anything about it and they were very tight lipped until I told them that I was n't going to pay to have them come out because I already knew wmp300N had problems . No support . No patches till now . After installing the new patch , my up and down connection has leveled off at an amazing 1 meg/sec . Thats right , for a product that advertises extended range and 270mb/sec connection , its giving me 1mb/sec . What a bargain . Worst product ever . Do yourself a favor and visit the forum at linksys to see just how bad it is before buying this .
 I purchased this card because of the quality of the WMP54GS which I previously owned . I wanted wireless-N performance and decided this card was a good bet , along with the WRT610N router.While the WRT610N operates flawlessly -LRB- along with the LELA network-managing software -RRB- , the WMP300N adapter has been less than stellar . It installed easily and performed perfectly the first day ; the next morning the computer was frozen . And from that point forward , it was necessary to reboot the computer because it kept freezing anywhere from after a few minutes to four or five hours . Uninstalling and reinstalling the driver did no good ; at one point , I reinstalled the OS and started all over again . I even did as one forum -LRB- a forum I found that was dedicated to problems with this card -RRB- suggested , installing the driver , not from the included CD-ROM , but from the web . The initial download speeds of 270 Mbps were no longer seen ; I would see speeds up to 110 Mbps . Eventually that speed bottomed out to a constant 1 Mbps.The forum also said to disable the power save mode , which stopped the computer freeze-ups -- a suggestion which Linksys ' tech support did not offer . -LRB- Linksys tech support only suggested things I had already done , and when I told them I had done the things they mentioned they insisted that I do them again . -RRB- With a speed of 1 Mbps , this card is slower than was my wireless G-card . Sadly , I absolutely can not , in good conscience , recommend this card .
 I only bought the wmp300n because it was on clearance for $ 25 at Wal-Mart . Now I see why it was no longer being sold there.The first time I used this product and it connected to the internet my computer froze up . The mouse and keyboard were unresponsive and `` ctrl + alt + del '' would not work . I had to hit the reset button to unfreeze it . After that my computer froze up 9 out of 10 times when I used this device.I also noticed that the Linksys software was using around 90 % of my CPU every couple of seconds . That is way too much . I uninstalled the Linksys software and installed only the driver . This used much less CPU than before , around 2 % . However , the computer still froze up 90 % of the time.Another problem with the wmp300n is the fact that it will not work with the Ubuntu -LRB- Linux -RRB- operating system.I finally got the wmp300n to work without any problems . I had to install Windows XP Professional sp3 and reinstall the driver and not the Linksys software . Now it dose n't freeze up and it works good . But it still wo n't work with Linux .
 This is a silly , silly , silly product . It connects at 2.4 ghz just fine , no complaints , and the transfer rate is ok . But most people who are in the market for a N-band wireless card would like the 5ghz band . THIS CARD CAN NOT RECIEVED 5GHZ BAND SIGNALS . It was a waste of money for me that is now sitting in my closet . If you have a dual band router , do not waste you 're time with this PCI card - get the dual band USB card which works great , on both 2.4 and 5 ghz bands .
 Every time we find number of used item consist of same model we better watch out that product does n't worth your shipping cost and time.I purchased one of open box/refurbeshed/used PCI wireless card here on amazon , I never found it working properly , it disconnects me every 5-10 minutes while my USB wireless adapter on different PC never had any issue , I contacted amazon to return this product right away . . amazon refered me to the seller and sellers sent me some web link to visit and fill out the form , the link does not work and I replay back to the sellers , there was no response , today I try to fill out that form by visiting their website , this time it worked but told me that it is been over 30 days so I can not return the item !!!!! Fine I do n't mind to lose some thing under $ 30.00 but I will make sure nobody else will get the same used item and lose the same amount of money and time.Thank you Amazon ... and thank you the dishonest seller !!!!!!!
 This may be an XP problem , but I reboot weekly and have to re-associate with the access point at least once a month . I am preparing to toss this in the trash and buy something better -LRB- just about anything at this point -RRB- .
 I bought this new network adapter based on my many years of using linksys products . Linksys had been up to this point extremely reliable and easy to install , as well as long-lasting . I am quite the experience computer user , and most technical issues I can easily resolve - not so with this network card.Firstly , I was having trouble like almost EVERYONE else who bought this card with connectivity . I had to uninstall the Linksys program , and then overwrite one of the driver files manually with a file I had to download from a guy who posted it on a linksys technical support forum -LRB- note that he did n't work for linksys -RRB- . I had thought so highly of linksys 's reputation that I almost reinstalled the operating system prior to troubleshooting the network card -LRB- I thought there was something wrong with the way windows was handling wireless networks -RRB- . Even after all of this , the speed that it connects with my belkin N-router is marginal at best . About 2 months later , I installed a top-of-the-line ati video card and all of a sudden the sound is rather choppy at a variable intervals . I figured it was a sound card issue or video card issue , and a weird one at that . Turns out the the wireless network card spikes the CPU usage when it transmits or receives just 1 packet of information . I looked online for a fix , and sure enough , other people have the same problem , with absolutely no help from Linksys.I 'm going to remove this card , and throw it away . What a complete and utter waste of money . This piece of garbage prompted me to write my very first review of any product on amazon , so that others may not have the misfortune of dealing with this .
 If you run your computer for a few hours you will get the Windows Blue scree of death -LRB- A serious hardware error -RRB- This is a known issue with this and a few other Linksys adapters . They have n't done a good job here with the driver software . Do search on BSOD and WMP300N to see all the posts .
 Hey , we all know what Linksys is , right ? It 's the consumer division of Cisco Systems , the guys who practically invented microcomputer networking . So if there is a name to trust in wireless networking , you would think it would be Linksys.Unfortunately , in the case of the WMP300N , you would be very wrong.I have had this adapter and matching Linksys router installed for about ayear . It looses connection with the router routinely . Some of the software I use requires a reliable network connection to avoid data corruption -- I ca n't use that software on the computer with this adapter . It will abort file transfers , making us revert to `` sneaker net '' where we have to burn CD 's to move files.Range is not the only problem . It will loose connect within 25 feet . It looses it more frequently at further distance , of course , so I would have to give it a `` 1 '' for both range and connection reliability.And with range being such a problem , the speed at any distance at all drops to around 10 - 20 Mbps , which is less than I get from stock 802.11 g cards at the same distance.Could the problem be the router ? No , as it functions fine with other wireless devices.Another problem is that the adapter 's software will loose the ability to scan for networks after a while . The only solution is to reboot the computer . As a result , you ca n't leave your computer on when you are not using it -- you 'll just have to reboot anyway.There has n't been a firmware upgrade since the unit was released a year ago , despite entries by others similar to mine . Linksys is surely aware that they have a problem child but it does n't seem that they have an interest in fixing it.I 've tried all the tweaks that the geek boards suggest . Bottom line
 I have a Belkin Pre-N network at my house and liked the specs on the new Linksys product -LRB- WMP300N PCI adapter and the WRVS4400n router and access point -RRB- for my office . Out of the box nothing worked . An upgrade to .13 firmware in the router at least got it working . Speeds are impressive , but as many others have noted , the system hangs up at random times driving users to distraction . I returned the product and reinstalled my Cat 6 cables.Once Linksys gets the bugs out I 'll try them again , but they released this product without enough testing , in my opinion . This is a classic example of buyer beware .
 I 'm returning the product tomorrow ! Product worked great -LRB- ! -RRB- the first day and I would 've given it 5 stars if I posted the comment here that same day . It was fantastic to see 200 + Mbps registration and worked as advertised . But subsequently the following days the computer intermittently crashes and you 'll be greeted by the BSOD . Yes , as the other reviewer noted ... DO scour the internet with the keywords `` BSOD WMP300N '' and you 'll find out this is a recurring problem , unsolved as of this writing . Uploading new drivers at Linksys web sites and going through all the forums for tech advices did not help . It 's a shame after all these years as a Linksys fan , I will have to see other competitors out there will be earning my business .
 I 've had this product installed for about 2 weeks now , but had problems most of those 2 weeks . It seems pretty stable now though and it is working pretty good for why I bought it.Good
 I needed a pair of floorstanding speakers for my home theater system and bought these after reading a lot of good reviews online . However they turned out to be a real disappointment . The sound was harsh , boomy and too sharp . I decided to remove the speaker units to check , thinking that perhaps there might be loose connections inside . What a shock I got when I saw what was inside
 I purchased an Omron Blood Pressure Meter w / Printer . When I orderedextra paper , which I havent used as of yet , I expected to receive the samesize paper Roll that was in my printer . Instead , I received 5 Tiny Littlerolls , which contain about less than a quarter of the original roll on myprinter . I was not satisfied with the tiny rolls , which will lead to manymore changes of paper , and a needless inconvenience . The replacementRolls should be the same size as in the original printer in my opinion.I still dont know at this time if the Replacement Rolls will fit on thespindle in my Printer ?? In any case , I was disappointed !
 The picture showed rolls of Omron printer paper than were a lot larger than what I received . I was very disapointed when I received the order . To my surprise I expected a box when I picked up at the UPS office instead the shipper sent the 5 rolls in a 9 X 10 envelope . Will not order from this company again . Buyer beware as they say .
 I paid for 2,3 day delivery and did not receive the product for almost 2 weeks . I do n't know if it was the seller or the post office but I think it was shipped by mule train .
 These speakers are big in size but short on performance . Except for the price tag , not much else excites one about them . They make a good surround sound system with the Sony 3 speaker set for surround sound , but for listening to music you are better off with a set of good bookshelf speakers with a decent sub . These speakers lack bass inspite of their size , and sound quality is poor at higher volumes
 This is a piece of junk . 3 Months old , wo n't charge , cant get manufacturer 's phone number because the service number is a ` talk ' line.What a piece of junk .
 I usually buy things with a name brand for a reason , and purchasing this item reminded me why . We had been needing an extra camera battery for a while and decided -LRB- before a long vacation -RRB- that this would be a good one . It does have a car charger adapter . We received the package and got it all charged up and ready to go . Within 2 weeks -LRB- while on our long vacation -RRB- , the battery pretty much died . It would n't last more than a hand full of shots and we had to keep the display turned off to get those . The charger also would not charge our Sony battery . Then one night after charging , I put the battery in the camera , and the camera gave me an error when it turned on , then turned itself back off . It would n't work after that . The name brand items are more expensive , but you get what you pay for .
 The DVD writer was defective . I wasted a lot of time trying to figure out what was wrong . The company has no toll free customer service number , but expects you to pay to talk to them about their junk product . The online email chat was somewhat helpful , but still left me with a poor impression of the company . I returned the product and bought another company 's DVD writer . My time 's too valuable to waste trying to deal with a company that does n't value taking care of its customers .
 After what I thought was careful comparison between the various models , I selected what I thought was the LITEON model with LIGHT SCRIBE labeling.Either myself or Amazon made the mistake - not sure - -LRB- only $ 2 difference and very similar model numbers -RRB- . Either way , I wound up without the LIGHT SCRIBE feature.I want to stress that there are reviews under THIS MODEL that talk about LIGHT SCRIBE . This model DOES NOT include that feature . Be very careful if you want that feature to get the model that includes it - and read your conformation email carefully !
 I have mixed feelings about this drive . The hardware itself is great , it matched my expectations . However I am very disappointed and angry that the burning software that is bundled with the drive is only A 30 DAY TRIAL VERSION . WHAT KIND OF GAME ARE YOU PLAYING ?????????
 I easily installed this dvd drive in my Dell PC , but when I went to play a DVD the sound was distorted . It played music CD 's fine , but the DVD sound was bad . So I went on Lite-On 's website for a live chat with a customer support representative . The support rep responded quickly to my question and suggested that I needed a dvd codec . He told me to go to Cyberlink 's wbsite and download PowerDVD . In other words , he was telling me to pay more money than the drive cost to be able to properly play DVD 's on it . I asked him why they did n't include PowerDVD with the drive , but he could n't answer me . I am returning the drive to Amazon for a refund and getting another one - and it wo n't be a Lite-On .
 Tried everything I could , but after making 25 coasters of various media , I just gave up . Experience level - advanced . Media rattled around in tray also .
 Drive was returned . Did not perform as stated . Took many times longer to create a CD than my old drive . I gave this info with the returned item . It may have been defective or just overly agressive advertising . It was not a 20x , but more like a 2 x.
 Piece of junk . It comes with the inserts separate . You have to put them in yourself and when you do , you can barely zip it shut . I might last one month at best .
 I think that this drive created exactly 2 readable DVDs during its lifetime , only one of which was readable by any other player.This drive is bad news . Avoid it .
 Do you have slight -LRB- or big -RRB- problems with your drive after few uses ? . Download Sony 's own drive check utility program from thier support site and see for yourself -LRB- they are strongly recomend not to use it until directed to do so by useles technical support -RRB- , and read chek 's log files shoving drive 's internal problems -LRB- software missconfiguration ... -RRB- . Proudly made in China , congratulation on your purchase . This is my second drive in least than two monts and is going back , this time for refund .
 This drive worked beautifully for exactly 13 months . Then , my pc would n't recognize it . Reinstalled it , upgraded firmware , but nada . Not a good deal .
 I 've had this unit for a very long time.There have been times that it did not work and then all of a sudden it starts working again.One big drawback - it will not work with -LRB- + -RRB- disks .
 It 's a nice looking little speaker set with radio but the power and sound quality is not good . Also the radio -LRB- atleast in my office -RRB- does n't work very well and I keep losing reception .
 I was looking for replacement speakers two weeks ago when I saw this product . It seemed attractive to me - cool shape , list of features , low price , and two 5-star reviews . `` Why not '' I said to myself . So I bought it.I was excited when I got the package , and was immediately disappointed when I turned on the radio
 Even though this speakers do n't sound awful , the only rating that I feel is appropriate is 2 stars -- the speakers are not durable , the piece of plastic that contains the radio dial came off mine.The LCD clock sounds like a cute idea , but I would guess most people use these speakers next to a computer , which usually displays a clock already . The radio reception is not very good indoors -LRB- as could be expected -RRB- , which makes all the extras these speakers seem to offer rather useless.I 've tried several cheap computer speakers , and these are definitely not among the better ones . For good cheap computer speakers check out the Creative SBS260 Speakers -LRB- ASIN B0002V9IKK -RRB- . The sound quality of these is amazing considering the price .
 BEWARE of using this if you are trying to scan to PDF - especially if you use PaperPort software . The pdfs show up with a documate watermark on them indicating that it is a trial version . GOOD LUCK getting it off ... tried the ScanSoft support - they know it is an issue but their ` fix ' does n't work and you 'll have to pay $ 40 if you want to talk to someone . Still have not figured this out . Also , pages scan at 25pp per minute once they start going through - the wait time at the start is long -LRB- even if you do n't use the energy saving mode -RRB- .
 Our library purchased the hp Scanjet 8270 Document Flatbed Scanner a little over a year ago and it worked fine up until a day or two after the one-year warranty expired . It started making a whirring noise and produced an illegible image . We have been advised by HP that they do not sell parts or repair scanners because they are manufactured in a dust-free environment . We paid about $ 900 for the scanner . We 've been unable to locate an independent company that would repair the HP scanner and so the cost expended for this scanner has proved to be cost-ineffective . Because of the no-repair feature , I do not recommend its purchase for libraries .
 We have few of these scanners . They are continuously jamming and we have had to replace the feeders on some of them . Cheaply built , I would not recommend these scanners . We have alot better luck with Canon scanners .
 Scanner arrived without setup instruction , hard copy manual and was DOA . The ADF appeared to draw in a document , but once it was delivered to the tray an error notice of a jamb was delivered . We attempted to flatbed scan a document and the scanner locked up 1/2 inch into the scan . Executed all HP trouble shooting methods to no avail . Contacted HP and they advise us to return it . Not sure if my undying loyalty to HP is smart any longer .
 I was never satisfied with this player -- from the moment I hooked it up to the moment it crapped out less than a year after I paid for it . With electronic items I 've discovered over the years that you get what you pay for . This is the last time I try to save a little money !!!
 Bought this CD player in April 2007 from Best Buy . It started failing in August , but I thought it might have been the CD 's I was playing . Tried multiple different CDs and now it does n't even recognize there are 5 CDs in the carousel . Tried to take it back to Best Buy with a receipt from my local bank -LRB- did n't have the original -RRB- and now I 'm out $ 130 . No more Best Buy for me ...
 Sound quality seems good , but that is not what I want to comment about . Ease of use on this machine is abysmal . It almost seems as if the designers never thought to field test it with ordinary -LRB- non-audiophile -RRB- users.The remote is so badly designed that it is almost impossible to pick it up with the sensor facing in the right direction . If I have to pick it up in low light , using just the sense of touch , I always get it wrong . The weight is at the wrong end.The changer is unsatisfactory as well . Moving to the next track on multi-disk shuffle is extremely slow . The system seems to take forever to select the next disk . Track time seek is OK.On multi-disk shuffle , the carousel frequently starts to make clicking noises and will not select a disk . We have tried three ways to stop this , but none is dependable . We tried powering off and on . We tried ejecting the carousel tray and re-inserting . We tried reseating all the CDs . None of these approaches works consistently . Very frustrating.The front panel buttons and dials are not labeled and shaped consistently.The instructions are OK , but the challenge is to instruct about overly complicated methods of getting the machine to do what you want it to do . My wife has tried to program the player many times and still needs help from my son or me to get the job done.I made the mistake of buying this player on the spur of the moment . I would not buy it again . One good thing , though , I did learn that I should do my research before buying any electronic equipment .
 Some CD 's that play fine in my car but do n't play on this player . Many CD -LRB- s -RRB- had tracks that play in my car and my old CD player but skips or wo n't play them even after cleaning the CD . The changer sounds really loud and cheap . The sound is good for the CD 's it plays . I had a Sony CD player bought in 1996 and has traveled to asia three times and back and was great but started to random play so I naturally bought another Sony but this CD player maked me wonder about Sony . I returned it . The seller preformed great .
 The CD player did not work and I had to return it . Amazon was very efficient with the return . I ended up buying an Onkyo CD player which works great .
 The CD player was received in good condition . I hooked it up and then spent an hour reading instructions to try to make it work . I then spent an hour on the phone with Sony service who -LRB- finally -RRB- determined the product was defective -LRB- I knew that -RRB- . Then , they gave me an address to send the product to for repair or replacement . I 'll likely not consider another purchase from Sony.Michael
 Does a Super Audio CD 5-disc carousel for $ 100 sound to good to be true ? It is . I bought the Sony SCD-CE595 to play the awesome SACDs I own , in particular , the selections in 5.1 surround . The first disappointment was that surround sound playback is only available via the 6 channel output . But , the single disc player I was replacing , soley because it was single disc player and not due to any faults , used 6 channel output for surround support . All was bliss for the next year , except for the occasional hiccup while playing a perfectly clean , scratch free CD . At just about one year , the inability to play a simple CD became pronounced despite proper care and regular maintenance . The SCD-CE595 even ceased to recognize hybrid SACD/CDs as having SACD content even after playing once through as a SACD during the same operating period.Since it conveniently started having problems after the limited warranty expired and it wo n't even play a regular compact disc , I now have a piece of Sony garbage collecting dust .
 My wife is music teacher , and it is important to us have a decent audio system in the house that plays from various source . When she moved in in 1998 , she had a Technics component system , one of those with monster speakers that I recall seeing on display at Macy 's in the 1970s . All that is left of that system is the turntable and the dual tape deck . We have on Onkyo 804 receiver and Axiom speakers . At the same time as we upgraded the receiver and the speakers , we bought the Sony SCD CD5 CD changer . The sound was terrific , but that may have been mostly attributable to the receiver and the speakers . We did that upgrade in 2006 . This year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- we began to have big problems with the CD changer . Some CDs it would not play at all . -LRB- This was not a moisture problem as it would play others -RRB- . I am not talking about downloaded CDs here , I am talking music CDs for teachers that were recently purchased . They play on the boom box , and on the Phillips wall-mounted CD / radio player , but they do n't play in the Sony . The final straw was today , when we put a disc in , closed the machine up , pressed the play button and got no sound . A common occurrence . But then when I pressed the open / close button to the disc out , the machine did nothing . I had to turn the machine off and on a few times before we could get the CD -LRB- one of a set , and needed for work -RRB- out . This machine in now in the garage , waiting for our next trip to the dump . I hooked up an Onkyo DX-C390 . It is working . The sound is better , much better . My advice is to avoid this Sony product and go with the Onkyo or the Yamaha , which seems to be getting great reviews .
 I just bought this from a retail store and straight out of the box , it wo n't play a few of my purchased CD and it wont play the first track of my burned CD 's . Just the first track , it 'll play the others , but not the first one . It also takes a long time to read a CD and actually begin playing . My old Pioneer PD-M423 was faster and more consistent , never had a problem with it until it died after 12 years of use . I 'll miss that player and I 'll be returning the Sony tomorrow .
 I was about to email you to see how I could send this back . The unit I purchased does not work correctly . It stops in the middle of a song . It sometime starts half way though a song . It does not shuffle correctly , maybe three out of the five cd 's . It could just be the unit I purchased or have you found similar problems ? Please let me know how to send this defective unit back.Thank you , Jerry
 This is the fifth major piece of audio equipment that i have had from Sony that have totally failed to meet expectations . TV and Blu Ray all fantastic ... . so far . However , this is the latest piece of home audio that has crapped out within 2 to 2 and 1/2 years of purchase . I bought this SACD from Best Buy , it is now out of warranty and to get it replaced i basically GIVE Sony $ 109 plus shipping for a refurb . NO NO NO ! It now skips and finally just stops mid CD , various old and new that play fine on my Onkyo . Tried cleaning the lens ... . nope ... . after that all they 'll do is the above . I will not recommend this or ANY Sony piece of audio equipment . Do yourself a favour and spend a little more and get an Onkyo my old single CD palyer from 8 years ago is still rocking strong or any other brand that is quality . I will not be be buying Sony again . EVER .
 As you may know , amazon does not allow zero star reviews . That of course artificially inflates the rating of worthless products like this one , which deserves a zero . I found this on sale . All my previous Sony products - from the slim Walkman I received for Christmas as a preteen to the alarm clock I recently threw out - have actually stopped working within a month . I foolishly thought I 'd give this a try . Well - the sound was pretty great for the price . Even standard Red Book CDs sound better than on my previous player and the SACD layer excels on about half of the few titles I have played in the week since I bought the machine . Exactly a week after buying the CE595 it stopped working . Stopped in the middle of a song and now for every disc I place in the unit I receive either a `` TOC ERROR '' message or , most often , a `` NO DISC '' message . This seems to be a VERY common complaint with this unit . Now I have to return it -LRB- did not buy it from amazon - bought it at a Best Buy store -RRB- and drive around town to return the few SACD titles I rushed out to buy this weekend to augment the hybrid selection I already had . Well , except for the couple SACDs I already opened - I 'm stuck with those . A real shame . A real waste of money and time . Considering Sony has had their SACD site basically shut down for months , looks like this superior format never will take off anyway . If you 're looking to enjoy the SACD titles that are available , definitely do not buy this unit . There 's a good chance it wo n't work . It sounded great for about a dozen hours . Now the only sound it 'll make is the thud when they toss it in the Best Buy dumpster .
 I have had this player for almost 2 years now , and it just started acting-up with the same problems as the other reviews . It first started skipping on the first tracks , and then would just stop mid-track . And now it wo n't read the discs at all . Knowing the hassle of repairs on any electronics , I decided to figure out the problem myself . I had it running perfect yesterday , but would n't read the discs again today . I guess I 'm out $ 150 , too , because I ca n't get it to do a thing . Apparently , the player has a major flaw and should probably be shelved by Sony.I also agree that when it was working that it did seem to take forever to read the discs , therefore , shuffle is useless because you could wait up to 20 seconds for the next song . The remote is very limited . Thank god I kept the excellent remote from my old Sony player that I bought over 10 years ago which works with this one . I do n't know why they do n't just reuse that remote . I was never even able to find anything I listen to on SACD to even use that feature . Anyway , Sony really messed up on this one .
 I bought this unit about two years ago , so it 's out of its 1-year warranty now . Nice looking unit , with a lot of features , and pretty good sound , although I only used it in very limited ways
 I have had two of these units sent to me and neither worked as advertised . There is a problem with SACD decoding that resulted in the center and sub-woofer channels not receiving a strong enough signal to perceive . The test tone feature of the unit confirms that my cables , amp and speakers are not the problem , since signals sent to the speakers in the test mode cycle loud and clear through the correct speaker at the correct time . Calls to Sony Tech support confirmed the problem was with the SACD player . This is an older , discontinued model and Sony techs admitted to me that it may have issues , especially when used with post-2004 components and SACDs . I 'm having to arrange to return the second unit at this point , so I 'm pretty disappointed . This is the only Sony product I 've ever bought that was not able to perform it 's primary function , but hours of troubleshooting have led to the unavoidable conclusion that this unit has a design flaw . Buy at your own risk .
 I am sorry to say that my experience with the CD player has been miserable . After a series of unhelpful conversations with SONY folks , I am going to return it . It often fails to read the CD or cuts in and out on new CDs that play perfectly in other CD players ; the shuffle program simply spins and spins , and rarely settles down to actually play a CD . It occasionally generates a read error message -LRB- uh , yeah ... -RRB- . Even if on `` continuous '' play , it often fails to recognize the CDs loaded into it . Instead , it displays a `` No Disc '' message . Then , even if it does play a series of CDs on continuous play , at some pt , it just stops . It has been like this since I first brought it home and has not improved in the weeks since.The experience with the tech support people alone convinced me that they do not care . It took a long time to even get through their tech support lines the first night I had it , and then a lot of persuading to even get them to agree that their CD player was not working . Then they tried to convince to me send the brand new machine back , ** for a price ** , to have them repair it . Uh , no , not likely to fall for that -- paying them to repair a brand new machine straight out of the box , taking time out of my way-too-busy life to ship it to them ?? I finally have a reference number with permission to return it to the store for a full refund ; so back it goes.Then there are the limitations on the remote control that others here have noted.Since I had the same shuffle problems with my previous SONY carousel player , I am not inclined to try a 3rd machine.Needless to say , no more SONYs are coming into my life .
 I had always thought Sony was a good product until I purchased this unit . I have not had a working player for a total of one year . The first one stopped reading the CD , so the carousel would just spin around on random play and never stop . Sent it in , cost $ 10.00 , but I received a refurbished replacement . Well it would have been a year in September that I have had that one , and guess what ? Yep , carousel spins and spins . Sent it back , now I am being quoted $ 119.00 to repair/replace with probably another lemon . I see new CD players that cost less than that , I think I 'll try a different brand . I 'm reading other people 's reviews . I 'll still stick with Amazon . I think they do a good job . Glad to see them expanding into other products .
 I bought this because I liked the bright sound of a Sony CD player I had before . But this will not read any of my CDs . All my CDs are store bought , from Amazon or Columbia .
 This unit came a day late with Prime Shipping , but did n't work . It hooked up easily - it is large , 17 '' deep when cables are plugged in - and played nicely at first . Sounded great , actually . But after 30 seconds or so , the disk would stop completely . I went to the next disk , same problem , again and again . And these were store bought , new CDs . So , shipped it back to Amazon for a refund and bought a Yamaha player .
 This changer takes forever to load a disc , on the order of 20 seconds . In shuffle mode there is also a long delay between songs . It is much , much slower than the Technics changer it replaced in my home . Also the mode selection is confusing and it ca n't be set to stay in `` shuffle '' mode even though that is where most users will want it . This was really not designed with a user in mind .
 Audiophiles beware . This CD player will disappoint you if you are used to high quality sound . I had an old Philips CD player that finally gave up the ghost and I replaced it with this machine and the decrease in sound quality was immediately noticeable . Sony used to be a top-flight brand in audio equipment . Apparently , not anymore . The other problem with this machine is it wo n't play a lot of my homemade CDs . I have a variety of other players , Pioneer , NAD , even boomboxes , that all have no problem with the homemade CDs . Come on , Sony . You can do better than this .
 I bought this thinking it was a `` real '' super audio cd player , boy was I wrong !!! The ONLY difference between this player 's reading of the Sacd and Cd layer is that the Sacd area allows more information than the cd layer , otherwise this player gives you no real difference in sound between the two . It took me a long time to realize I was fooling myself into thinking that I was really enjoying Sam Cooke 's `` Portrait Of A Legend '' SACD the way it was supposed to be heard . I have been doing a lot of research and found out a player has to have 24bit/192khz DAC capability to even begin to enjoy the SACD layer and this player does not use that method to produce playback of SACD . -LRB- If you 're on a budget make sure you look for that in the techinal analysis -RRB- Once again this is NOT for anyone who wants to hear the true beauty of SACD . I am now about to purchase the Marantz SA8260 SACD player . It has gotten great reviews and was rated `` class A recommended '' in Stereophile magazine .
 After installing this product it does not work worth a flip . Unless the receiver is 40 feet away it consistently looses signal and starts alerting when the garage door is down . I think this would be a good product if they would have made the transmitter or receiver better . Great idea , bad implementation . Also tried to use the regular door sensor and the magnet is way too weak and has to practically be touching the sensor to work . I would not recommend purchasing this product at all as it does not work worth a crap . Stay away ...
 I did n't listen to the warnings of other reviews and made the mistake of spending $ 60 for this product -LRB- combo garage door and sensor -RRB- . Basically , it does not work very accurately unless you are within 15 feet . If there are two walls , then you are probably looking at less . Beware . .
 Product states 300 foot range . Well I am at 80 feet and the reception does n't work ... I contacted Mfr and they state that 300 feet is clear sight no obstructions -LRB- Advertisement does n't say that -RRB- . Anyway , they told me to move the units closer or remove obstructions . Neither option is viable .
 The motion sensor for this worked pretty good , but the garage door sensor did not.I was truly disappointed .
 Alert light # 3 which does n't even have a sensor continuously flashes.The motion sensor is so sensitive you ca n't use it outside . I do n't know what sets it off.You ca n't stop it from alerting so it 's waking my kids up when I leave for work .
 Receiver needs a lot of work . Will not reset all of the time . Have to keep unplugging receiver to reset the system . Actually not even using it now . Used for about 1/2 a day ...
 I bought this kit 2 years ago . Since then , I found the garage door detectors to be erratic in their responses . I have positioned the receiver and the sensors to be less than 40 feet . Even within this proximity , when the garage doors are closed , the alarm still continues giving alert signals . However , the motion sensor behaves more consistently.Overall , I do not think this will make a good purchase .
 I used this to connect my phones 2.5 mm output to my 3.5 mm aux jack in my car.after about 3 months of occasional use it no longer makes a reliable connection.This one has lasted me over a year , and the `` gray '' one works fully with my Nokia E71 :[ ... -RSB- oops , amazon will not let me post the link.The good one is made by Maximo product and comes with the iP-HS5 headset , but if you call them you can order it separate .
 Plastic casing is too wide . Can not correctly seat plug into phone because plastic prevents it from completely inserting . Unusable on the device for which I purchased this .
 this adapter is nothing short of awful . there 's just no other way to describe it . It does not create a solid connection , to the point that one or both stereo channels continually cut out with the slightest movement . Never sounded good ; there was not single moment where it sounded anywhere near decent . I used it once , and after messing with it for a good few minutes , gave up and never looked at it again . DO NOT BUY .
 the item arrived with a broken bulb and I have yet to find a replacement . I have not found a store yet that carries this type of bulb . The store associate was puzzled , as well , he said he does n't know where I could find one . * update * The Kaito company sent me a new light bulb , which was great , but the lamp still does n't work . I could n't get a further response from Kaito . I 'm very disappointed , my kids would have loved this .
 This product came with a broken bulb , one that can not be replaced easily since it 's a non-standard size . Why they would use such a bulb is beyond me . I would not buy this product for that reason alone .
 Sadly , this products missed the correct measurement . It is not even same in size with the Elinchrom original adapter . If it is available and shipped with a rubber on edges , so the diameter size will be bigger and fitted perfectly .
 We 've gone through at least five of these DVRs - every time it 's the same thing
 This item was advertised as ` like new . ' It arrived dirty and in pieces . The front of the unit was completely off . The damage may have been caused by the poor packing job . The unit did arrive very quickly .
 The DVR works fine but there was no instruction manual . Also when I registered the Receiver I had to pay $ 33.00 to Dishnetwork because that amount was still owed to them by the previous ownerGJ Hedenkamp
 I bought this card for use in my Nokia 6230 phone , only to find that this MMC card could not be accessed with my phone OR my computer . My computer and phone have absolutely no problems reading the 32Mb card that came with my phone . I thought that the first one i had ordered was just a fluke , only to find that the replacement card -LRB- which to Amazon 's credit arrived promptly the same week -RRB- had almost the same problem-useless . Because of Amazons good customer service -LRB- so far , anyways -RRB- i will order a replacement MMC card made by a different manufacturer through them .
 I bought this machine which I then believed was perfect for my business purpose . Unpacked it and set it up , now to setup the time , date and who you are in fax mode requires an effort which you will do a lot of times , because everytime the power gives a kick on the grid you must again set it up . So 1 the fax function is an annoyance with that . Then you plug it to your PC here is my advice . Do not follow the instruction given , do not install the software as you 're told . I did not in the first place and was told by Windows to insert the CD and the printer fired up , it worked great . Now the scanner did not , so I installed the software from the CD instead . Surprise ... Now you have to click canncel XXX times every time you boot your computer , found new software well try it and you will see . So 2 the printer ends up as a major annoyance . The scanner never ever managed to work on neither of my PC 's with WIn XP home nor XP pro , so 3 . The scanner will annoy you . The copier worked for 2 months then the paper feeder just jams so you are forced to do one and one page , which is 4 very annoying . Last due to company policy we will go over to Linux OS so we contacted Lexmark , who after a lot of emails told me to just use it for copy and fax , forget about PC connectivety . Well to be honest I will not want this to happen to anyone unless they were my enemy . Save yourself this major hassle and buy a HP , Epson , Brother or Canon instead .
 I have n't had this long . The amazing thing is that the scanner software does n't support the document feeder . You can load multipages in the feeder but you must hit the scan button in the software , load up the preferences , scan one page . Then you have to do this again for each page ! Then stack all the pages together to form one document in the software . Imagine if the fax part did that ! It would be like faxing one page at a time ! You can only find out about this by searching lexmarks or paperports knowledge base .
 I purchased two of these S-Video Female/RCA Male Bi-Directional Adapters . One of them only produced a black and white picture , and the other did produce a color picture but it was distorted and the colors bled . I have removed these adapters and replaced them with others which work perfectly . I did not change any cables or other connections , which proves the adapters were the problem .
 When I bought these , I found them at my local Best Buy as I was on a WoW kick and needed a headset with a mic . They were mid-line for what they carried in their store -LRB- not 9 dollars yet not 60 plus -RRB- so I decided to pick them up . Also , my best friend has a pair and loves them , so I decided to get them . Needless to say , it is 6 months later , and I will be upgrading to a Creative Labs set -LRB- Steel series if I had the money ! -RRB- that will be better quality and better suited for my gaming/Netflix-ing needs.Pros : - Alright sound quality . No complaints . Its not high end , but for me it was an upgrade from the cheap headset I had for online college classes . - Mic seems decent . Everyone on Ventrillo could hear me fine . - Interesting over the ear design . Look pretty cool , I suppose . - Volume control on the cord . Pretty convenient when you are playing and randomly someone is trying to talk to you and you have to turn the sound down or mute it . - Logitech . Generally I like their gaming peripherals . Generally.Cons : - That over the ear design ? Drove me crazy ! Very uncomfortable on my ears , especially after playing a PC game for several hours . Actually made them red and sore several times . Also , the band is behind the head , which I did n't know when buying them . Really annoying to wear with a pair of glasses on . - Cheaply made . Again , its only been 6 months , and I am replacing them with something better . For me , the right ear speakers are going out , and will only work if I wrap the cord around the desktop . Really . Not kidding.-Not USB.-The volume control would stick sometimes , and would be very hard to turn the volume up . - Generally , just a fail.So , hopefully after reading that you have a bit of an idea what to expect with this product . Please , do n't do what I did and just buy what you think looks ok . I still stand behind Logitech 's stuff , especially some of their console gaming accessories , but this headset was just not for me .
 This is one of the worst logitech headset i ever used i had previously used H555 and clear chat their sound quality is far better than this one .
 Headset design accounts for one size fitting all . It is fairly uncomfortable , and the sound leaks tremendously from the headphones - you might as well have the speakers on.The microphone , on my model , is exceptionally quiet and must be inserted a specific way into the mic jack.The sound controls are not responsive . Sound will either play at full blast , or mute .
 Whoever made these never thought to try them on before shipping them out . The earpads do n't seat right , the mic is in the wrong place , and they just do n't fit right . Having 0 adjustment options does n't help .
 sound died after a month of use . bought another pair ... no sound . checked internet , device driver , support ... nothing . waste of time and money . never again will I buy another logitech device .
 I found these headphones to be highly uncomfortable . I usually ended up just playing sound out of my speakers and hanging the headset around my neck while gaming.Do yourself a favor and avoid these .
 These are uncomfortable and sound cheap . I have a no name Chinese made pair that are more comfortable and have better sound and they cost half the price . But at least I did not pay for these as they were a gift to my son . And he does not wear them ... The USB adapter they came with is handy though . We plugged in a different pair of headphones and they work great !
 The headset came with a 3.5 mm to USB adapter , which was pretty cool . I thought having the plastic behind your head would be cool , but it came that I could n't sit back in my seat because it would push on my ears and was uncomfortable.Soundwise , the headphones gave me much more than I was expecting . Although it takes some getting used to , I had my system volume on 1/2 of what it could have been , so they can put out the sound . The bass output was very good as well . Granted , not as good as Bose , but still better than I was expecting.The microphone was alright , I tried my old headphones and they were louder , but this set seemed to have clearer sound than my old set . The actual cord for this headset was longer than any headset I 've ever seen , which was a big plus . I could get out of my chair and walk over to the fan switch by the door to my bedroom and turn it on and still hear the battle going on in my computer.But the fatal flaw seems to be in the sounds adjustment piece that you clip to your shirt , because after 5 months of use , the sound went out in my right ear , and that is just annoying.Overall , I do n't know if they are worth $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks , but they get the job done .
 Headset is huge , uncomfortable and inferior to other Logitech headsets on the market . At max volume this headset is still fairly quiet to say the least . No bass response whatsoever so voices sound quite a bit different . Does n't fit comfortably nor does it stay put . Only good thing I can say about it would be that the cable is quite long which is nice . Bought this to replace my old usb Logitech headset with one of the ear cups that came off and to be honest id much rather still use my old one compared to this one . On another note , at least the seller shipped it quickly
 I have had 3 of these headsets , the first one a wire in the connection jack seperated and they no longer worked . The second one snapped in the back -LRB- i think it was a manufacturer defect -RRB- . And the third and FINAL one stopped producing sound on one side entirely , I can not figure out how to fix it , I have taken it to 2 different places to get it fixed , and they canot find anything wrong . while it looks cool save yourself money and invest in something either way cheaper or take a step up for only like $ 10 more .
 barely picked up any noise at all , made sure it was n't muted , on the wire and virtually , and still picked up next to nothing . by day 2 it gave me a blister on my ear from the foam pads , and it completely stopped working the next day . BestBuy would n't take it back , so I was screwed . Paid $ 50 and it is a piece of junk ! DO NOT BUY IT .
 NO ADJUSTMENT !!! Might fit a 6 yr . old , but anybody with a cranium that 's even close to fused will find these either excruciating or simply unusable . But wait , there 's more ! They do n't work .
 After 2 weeks of mediocrity , the mic went out WHILE I WAS STILL TALKING . There was no abuse whatsoever and these were practically brand new.Comfort - Rams a thick foam pad between your head and ear , essentially making it feel like your ear is being ripped off . That combined with the sheer weight of these and it feels pretty horrible . Unless you have a massively wide head , these will make you feel like your ears are about to fall off after 15 minutes of usePerformance - These headphones , despite being pushed as having a `` bass orientated 40 mm driver '' , are poor at best . For comparison , I have cheap $ 20 Sony EARBUDS that give better sound quality . From what I can tell by playing some games and listening to music , these headphones take the Low and High tones and force them all into the Mid range . To make it worse , the Mid range on these phones is only decent . The high-pitch beeps of a bomb timer sounded horrible , and the low-tone explosions did n't even make me jump at all.USB Adapter - Yeah it 's cool and all but definitely does n't give any better quality than the analog input and definitely is not worth $ 30 more.Alternative - The Logitech Extreme PC Gaming headset is a whole lot cheaper , has better low range ability , and is SLIGHTLY more comfortable because it does n't weigh 5 pounds . Then only use the headset for chatting and gaming and Sony earbuds for everything else.Summary - I have the Extreme PC Gaming headset , this Digital Precision PC Gaming headset , some Walkman Earbuds , HP earbuds , and Sony MDR earbuds , and this set is by far the worst of them all in every category .
 Well , I bought these about 8 months ago and I am now searching for a new headset for gaming . This one gives a headache after awhile from the weight and the headset is NOT adjustable size wise . Just one size so make sure you get the right size . The cord gets tangled way to easily and I have given up trying to keep it untangled.Definitely not my favorite .
 The circular part of headset that holds the microphone falls off easily . The same piece on other side is also fragile . Since this headset goes around the back of your neck forgot about resting your head on anything . Earmuffs do n't even touch your ears , they are actually like 1 inch away . The volume control is also horrible , the switch to toggle microphone can lock and unlock by itself . Just look at some of the pictures provided and you can get a better understanding of what I 'm saying .
 To be fair , this is a cheap -LRB- in terms of cost to you -RRB- headset that has decent sound and I find it very comfortable . The design is good in theory - over the ear pads but with less material to keep things cool and light -LRB- less sweat and does n't feel heavy on your head -RRB- . However , the design of the headset itself is severely offset with construction and reliability problems and one serious design flaw.I will start by saying that I am on my third set of these . I purchased the first and it died -LRB- one of the sides stopped producing sound -RRB- . I did not hold onto the warranty information so I ended up buying another one because I liked how it felt and sounded and thought it might have been a fluke because Logitech is generally a respectable company . The second one died within a month -LRB- no sound at all -RRB- . This time I held onto my purchase info and warranty and had another one sent . Well , again , almost immediately I had issues . The first thing that happened is that the microphone broke off with little or no pressure . I was able to superglue the cap that holds the mic into place back on but the mic has no tension on it and slides all over the place.As far as I can tell , this headset is plagued by the following issues :1 . Cheap plastic casing . This contributes to its light feel but is so cheap it breaks far too easy . This thing will take a hit even falling off your desk onto carpet .2 . The wiring seats are not strong enough . If the cord gets caught on anything and you do n't notice it and pull on it with even a little force , you may effectively pull the wires out of the speaker drivers and kill the headset .3 . The volume mechanism is a joke . First off , all three of the set I had , the rotator thing that adjusts the volume gets stuck after even days of use and never moves again . This is also the most common thing to get caught on random stuff which contributes to the above issue . Finally , I have recently figured out that this is where the headset goes dead most often . The `` cap '' that holds the volume rotator into place is made of the same cheap plastic as everything else . When this wiggles around -LRB- even from normal use - like adjusting the volume -RRB- , the adjustor can loose contact to the wiring inside and all of sudden you have no sound . I never touch the thing anymore but I sometimes have to fiddle with it and press on it to regain contact when my sound goes out .4 . The mute switch is just stupid . I ca n't tell you how many times I 'm gaming and I do n't realize the mute switch on the volume adjustor has been accidentally hit . This should be up on the headset or somewhere that is not lying on your lap or hanging off the side of your chair.Needless to say , I will not buy another one of these and neither should you . It really is to bad because the headset feels great , it just falls apart the moment you start touching it.For the people giving good reviews
 These are uncomfortable , the mic is hard to position , and my seat died after less than 8 months of use . Would not buy again .
 The reason I gave it two star is that its quality is acceptable , but to me a headset has to be `` comfortable '' , that weighs the same if not greater than the audio and microphone quality . This headset is extremely uncomfortable . I can never wear this headset longer than 30 min because it really bothers my ear . I only wished I read reviews then money would n't be wasted
 I have owned three pairs of these due to two of them being replacements from the first set broke . The wires broke from just being wires hanging from the head set which do n't get me started the headset after o say 30 minutes your ears hurt like hell and do not trust me buy these . I got my second pair and within two weeks it they broke . I love Logitech trust me I own a g15 a g13 a g510 a g19 g330 but I will never buy this headset from Logitech .
 Bad situation with dealer.I ordered the item , it came timely . The battery did not hold a charge , seemed shoddily put together , and did n't work at all . I utilized the company 's help line and they informed me if I paid shipping to send it back , they 'd give me a new battery . They never sent the new battery and when I called they said they never received my return even when the shipping number confirmed delivery . I was not happy.I recommend a different vendor .
 The drive itself works fine , but the software/driver package is incompatible with vista . A new version of the writing software must be purchased in order to use this drive for bluray discs . I attempted to contact the company twice to get this issue resolved , but never received a response .
 I bought THREE of these things over the last two years ... at least two of them from Amazon . -LRB- The actual model number was different -- XVC20U in black -- but it 's basically the same combo deck they 've been selling for several years now . -RRB- They worked fine at first , but after a while , DVDs started freezing up on them . Oddly , I have absolutely NO trouble playing music CDs in the very same drives.DVD freezing has has happened on all of them , but it is worse on the unit I have used most . It seems to do it less when the machine or the DVD has cooled down . It gets worse over time . Lens cleaning with a disc-brusher , lens cleaning via taking off the case for direct contact cleaning , and air-pressured dusting -- all do no good.Anyway , thanks to JVC I have several hundred dollars worth of DVD players that do n't play DVDs ... other reviews -LRB- under various model numbers -RRB- suggest there 's not a chance JVC will make good on them.I have had , in the past , good luck with JVC TVs and car stereo units , and I try to stay loyal to brands , suppliers and what not . But I seriously doubt I will be making any other JVC purchases due to these things . I suppose JVC does n't place much value on their brand or image or they would n't have dumped this stuff into the marketplace.It seems to be getting harder and harder to find companies that bother to make products that are actually worth what you pay for them . I suppose companies that rip-off customers and laugh their way to the bank must be part of the `` new economy '' I keep hearing about .
 I had the same problems as the first reviewer with my Jvc Hi-fi Vcr/DVD Combo . The DVDs started freezing up on the machine after just a few months use . I gave up and decided to buy a separate DVD player . I am still using the VCR to play videos but the recording and receiving quality is so bad it is just good for playback . Anything you attempt to record with the VCR is just second rate quality and using the time recording function is just to frustrating . Why bother -- the video quality is just not worth the hassel . I am current looking to replace the system with something better .
 I had the dry ink problem also after not using for a week . I was ready to order a new cartridge but first I tried soaking the printhead in distilled water about 10 minutes . Do not soak the cartridge just the printhead . Place in about 1/8 inches of water . Now my cartridge works fine .
 You do n't get what you see on the website ! I ordered a new Sharp cartridge , but received a re-manufacutered version of some unknown brand.Sharp UX-C70B Black Ink Cartridge -LRB- UX-B700 Fax -RRB-
 I 've installed my new cartridge about 6 months ago and have printed less than 20 pages . Now it appears to be dried out even though there is no indication that I 've run out of ink . I 've followed the instructions for cleaning the cartridge without any noticeable improvement . To get a new Sharp cartridge will cost me more than I 've paid for the FAX machine itself .
 Do n't believe everything you read ! This is listed as NEW but came in as RECONDITIONED -LRB- refilled -RRB- . You get your money back and lots of E-mails wanting you to buy directly from the supplier , but why waste time and still have to order again ? If you want a refil , go on to Cartridge World -- they have always done a decent job for me .
 This cartridge is used in a Sharp UX-B700 which I 've already reviewed as the worst fax machine I have ever owned -LRB- it has since been discontinued -RRB- . As you can see by the small size of this cartridge , it holds very little ink and prints very few pages before giving up . I have gotten rid of this machine because of the high price of these replacement cartridges . They printed about 100-150 pages before drying out . I have even had two of them come to me out if the factory package bone dry ! I used this machine in a small office environment and the ink ran out every 10 or 12 DAYS ! If these cartridges cost 4 or 5 dollars they might be a good value but for what they cost they are an outrageous waste of money . Bye Bye Sharp .
 Sharp uses the tried-and-tested scheme of virtually all inkjet manufacturers
 Having previously replaced a couple of cartridges that dried out on my Sharp UX-B20 fax , I 've been pretty good about making a copy with the fax every few weeks to prevent the problem from recurring . But it happened once again -- and the manual 's instructions to wipe the cartridge and run the cleaning sequence did n't help . I got the cartridge to work by soaking the contacts at the bottom end of the cartridge in 1/8 inch of distilled water and then wrapping the end in a wet cloth and smacking it against my hand -LRB- do n't know if the latter step was important , but it did n't seem to hurt -RRB- . I 'm grateful to the reviewers who suggested these measures . You 've saved me -- and probably a lot of others -- a lot of money .
 I thought I was ordering the Sharp product but I received a `` generic '' instead . I consider this false advertising and I would hope that Amazon would do something about it .
 The item I purchased was from OCinkjet . The picture showed a Sharp cartridge with the words `` Replacement Cartridge '' . I guess I was supposed to know it was recycled and remanufactured . Those are the words that appeared on the packing invoice . They are nowhere in the product description on Amazon . OCinkjet said the word replacement means just that . I must use a different dictionary . Anyway , I am returning the ones I purchased to OCinkjet . I prefer the real thing .
 We bought two cartridges and one was empty . We are so not satisfied with this vendor !
 No ink came out of the cartridge . Tried everything . Perhaps it 's an old product . Too bad I 'm not able to return the item .
 Misleading is the best way I can put this . The cartridge was a `` starter . '' That is , it is the one that comes with a new printer , but has much less capacity . Find a full-size cartridge somewhere else .
 The cartridge was indeed in an OEM box and appeared to be a new cartridge but ... it was dry as a bone . There was not a drop of ink in it . I had to buy a refill kit just to get it to work . Thanks for NOTHING ! The shipping was slow too .
 The cartridge was obviously leaky as soon as I opened the plastic wrapping . Fortunately I was in a position to wash my hands immediately , or I would have been stained for days . So I had to return it , and dealing with Amazon return is no fun . The return process is confusing at best . When I finally got to the part where I could ship via UPS , the program to pull up a list of local stations was n't working . I will buy it locally from now on . At least then if there are problems I know where to go .
 In ref . to the `` Sharp UX-C70B Black Ink Cartridge '' I ordered for my fax machine , I was disappointed that 5 vertical lines showed up on the far right side of each copy I printed .
 KevB reported , `` If used only occasionally in a home fax machine to print out confirmations , it will likely dry out before it `` runs '' out . There are no viable lower-priced alternatives . Avoid re-manufactured cartridges as they do not perform well at all . `` Gem
 This product has a lifespan of about one week . Either the cartridges are only partially filled -LRB- very small to begin with -RRB- , or the ink solidifies when air hits it . Lousy deal .
 I bought one of these just 3.5 months ago and it is completely dried out and unusable . I think I have actually printed 3 pages total with this cartridge . IT 'S A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY ! Time to chuck this obsolete technology and rely completely on my Fujitsu ScanSnap scanner plus e-fax service .
 On the back of the box , Memorex claims these work with Sony Dvd Camcorders . Yeah ... they work until you get toward the end of your recording and the disc errors out . Will stick with Sony 's Mini Dvd-R 's since the disc which came with the camera worked flawlessly . Circuit City obviously knows something Memorex does not ... they list these on their site as compatible with NON-Sony Dvd Camcorders . From their site....FeaturesMiniDVD-Rs
 I recently purchased a Sony Handycam DCR-DVD 301 , and had a tremendous disappointment on it 's first use . We welcomed the arrival of our newborn son and used a MEMOREX dvd-r -LRB- which is supposed to be compatible -RRB- to record many special moments of his first three days at home . Included were his first home bath , first pediatricians appointment , clips from the first long nights , and other video from a proud papa . We planned on sending a copy of the DVD to his 80 yr . old great-grandma on the west coast . Recording went fine , but once finalized , the handycam can not read the disk , as it shows a disk error . The memorex disk also fails to play in the computer or other devices . Devastated when realizing that the video was lost . Have used Sony dvd-r since and no problems . CHEAP FOR A REASON !
 I ordered this to replace a similar but all plastic Tasco boresighter . I am really sorry I bought this one too . I `` boresighted '' 2 different rifle with this little gem . After half a box of ammo , which is getting very ecpensive , neither was anywhere near where they should have been and I had to resort to borrowing a laser unit to properly get them on paper . My scpes are fairly big -LRB- 50mm -RRB- and I need a little taller base . I believe this unit assumes they are mounted very close to the received.It 's a good thing I bought this with a gift card , so it really did n't cost me anything . But do n't waste your money .
 Sony uses a proprietary battery system , and any generic battery that is n't one of their `` InfoLithium '' batteries will not work with your camera . It will turn on for a few seconds , you 'll get an error message and the camera will switch off . Sony is evil for doing this , and I 'm not real happy with vendors who promise batteries for cameras that do n't really work with them either.Buy the more expensive Sony battery , and next time , do n't buy a Sony camera .
 I bought THREE of these things over the last two years ... at least two of them from Amazon . -LRB- The actual model number was different -- XVC20U in black -- but it 's basically the same combo deck they 've been selling for several years now . -RRB- They worked fine at first , but after a while , DVDs started freezing up on them . Oddly , I have absolutely NO trouble playing music CDs in the very same drives.DVD freezing has has happened on all of them , but it is worse on the unit I have used most . It seems to do it less when the machine or the DVD has cooled down . It gets worse ove time . Lens cleaning -LRB- using both a disc-brusher AND taking off the case for direct contact cleaning -RRB- and air-pressured dusting does no good . nyway , thanks to JVC I have several hundred dollars worth of DVD players that do n't play DVDs ... and considering the other reviews here suggest there not a chance JVC will make good on them.I have had , in the past , good luck with JVC TVs and car stereo units , and I try to stay loyal to brands , suppliers and what not . But I seriously doubt I will be making any other JVC purchases due to these things . I suppose JVC does n't place much value on their brand or image or they would n't have dumped this stuff into the marketplace.It seems to be getting harder and harder to find companies that bother to make products that are actually worth what you pay for them . I suppose companies that rip-off customers and laugh their way to the bank must be part of the `` new economy '' I keep hearing about .
 Arrival was fast . Case looks protective . What I did n't like was the size . It 's huge . I did n't like the tripod as I bird and needed one to view from standing position not lying on the ground . Just d n't fit my needs . As far as quality of scope , did n't spend time with it , the size overwhelmed me . As far as returning no hassle except fit the 60 day credit - seemed excessively long .
 The scope is fine but it came in a soft case , not a hard one as advertised . I am sending it back . This kind of order -LSB- un -RSB- fulfillment is not acceptable . Nor is the unnecessarily complicated return label process . We will find it hard to order from Amazon in future . If the product came from LG Outdoors , then Amazon has poor oversight . If the product came from Amazon , then Amazon needs to have a more accurate product description.This is not a review of the scope , which is good for the price , but of Amazon 's customer service .
 Be careful of this one ! The title and product description DO NOT specify size of drive in GB . The picture shows a 320 GB drive , but the model number seems to be for an 80 GB drive .
 I used it for a year and stopped used it since then -LRB- two , year years passed now -RRB- because battery life is just too short.I did not use this mouse extensively , so it is not fair , not good for the money . Also , clicking is very touch . You got ta give some power to push the mouse buttons .
 Functionally it works fine , but for some brain damaged reasonthe designers made the two video inputs be HD15 male instead ofHD15 female like they should be . This means the standard SVGAmale to male cable you already have with your computer wo n'twork ! You can buy an SVGA extension cable -LRB- $ 40 for a 6ft cable -RRB- that is male to female , but remember you will need one for eachinput , so you have already paid more than for the switch ! Worse , the extension cables come with the two protruding nuts on thefemale end , but the box has two protruding nuts on the male inputso you will need to ` modify ' your extension cable by hack-sawingoff the nuts , which means there is no way to screw the conectorsin . All and all a HORRIBLE design , and I do n't recommend anyonebuy it . I sure wish someone else made a competeing product withthe right gender connectors , but I ca n't seem to find one .
 I purchased this the other day . It works , but for some reason , I 'm not getting a nice clear image from my projector . Aten said they will repair it since nothing they 've told me to do works . As far as the connections , ya , some moron put male connections on for the inputs , probably so whoever hooks it up does n't connect the output cable to an input ... simple fix , does n't cost $ 40 to cure that problem ... you do n't need to get extra cable adapters , I paid an extra $ 12 at the local computer shop for female to female adapters and they work just fine ... E. Bina , you really need to relax a bit , all that stress will kill ya . And the adapters may add an extra 1/2 -3 / 4 of an inch to how far the cable sticks out at the switch . Hopefully Aten will find the problem and I 'll get the switch back in better working condition . All I care is that it does what it 's supposed to do .
 damaged product . not functioning properly . the switch power is misplaced and wrong do not turn off the microphone . capture the two positions are the same , does not change the gain .
 Flimsy construction . I did n't notice any significant improvement in sound quality on the 7D ! Too large a size for DLSR use . Returned it .
 We are trying to video hunting and have had nothing but problems with this microphone setup . the mic will fall off the camera repeatedly . I ' v had to hold mine on with a rubberband ! the hotshoe connection has broken innumerable times to the point where i am unable to use this mic setup . For the cost i feel we were ripped off . very very disappointed .
 bought the rode videomic for my sony hdr fx1000.direction say you can set a pad switch down 10db or 20 db can not move switch in either direction , called rode cust service no call backs , they keep e-mailing me a form that you can not type comment on.third message to call me and still no call back!RODE CORP SUCKS !!!! M Pirelli .
 Item is clearly not new . Scratched and worn body . Foam is matted down and wo n't return to normal . Ironically , it comes with a hand-checked quality control checklist which the operator clearly just tacked off without looking at the product . Make sure your item is not used . Shame on Rodes and Amazon for allowing this to be sold as `` new '' . How come these boxes never arrive sealed ? I am returning this item today .
 I just receive it.I 'm a litle desapointed.The sound recorded has a noise when I conect the mic in the T2i camera or in my PC in.It 's a sssssssssssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh in the silence , and reduction in sensibility or pass high filter , do not change it.Well , next time let 's try before buy !
 I bought this mic for at the same time as my Canon T3i and was really pumped about using it for an upcoming video shoot . i got the item and tried it out only to find out it wasnt picking up any audio when recording , and even making the small adjustments possible with audio levels it still didnt work . returned it immediately . JUNK !
 Waste of money . there is more noise than i anticipated . It 's too big and I rather use the mic that comes on my camera . I recorded with a guy who have the same camera as i do and his volume turned out better than mines , and I used the mic . If i were you i would find another mic but buy it and see for yourself first .
 Bought this item to have a higher quality mic to record live music performances and it has n't worked out very well . Overall the mic is very easy to use and gets decent sound when recording normal video -LRB- ie Weddings , parties , ect -RRB- but camera mic worked alright for that too . For what I wanted it for it did n't work . Looks like I 'll have to use a regular vocal mic to record live music .
 The mount of the microphone was broken off and never included . I could n't attach it to my DSLR . I did n't even both to see if the mic worked . I returned it and will try for round two .
 The sound quality of this microphone is a vast improvement from the stock mic in my Sony HDR-CX560 , but the hot shoe mount did not fit the groove on my Handycam 's hot shoe . I had to literally grind it down and it broke my camera 's microphone input . I do n't recommend this microphone to Handycam users .
 Never got to use it . When I opened the box , I expected optional ways to mount the mic to be included in the box . There were n't , so I was unable to mount it to the camera . I was in a jam and unable to have it for the project I bought it for .
 It does sound better than the regular mic on the camera , but it does n't have nearly the same kind of quality and crispness that a real shotgun mic would sound like . Also , keep in mind you wo n't get to hear while you 're recording , so it 's a total crap shoot when you 're making your videos . Until DSLR 's start making cameras that allow you to hear while recording , I 'd stay away from these and record with an external device . Good quality is something you should never compromise in . No one forgives mediocre audio . .
 My mic lasted about a month before the rubber bands started squeaking audibly , completely destroying the audio , rendering mine uselss . The rubber bands for the shockmount become brittle quickly and the whole thing starts knocking around . The mic is super sensitive and picks up everything in the room , not unidirectional ... could be good or bad depending on what you need.What also sucks about the design is that it 's so long that it hangs backwards over the back of your DSLR , hitting you in the eye , getting in the way of your viewfinder.It 's just really cumbersome .
 I ordered this mic about three weeks ago and I used it for one shoot and was happy with the quality . It 's much better than the mic on my DSLR . However on my second shoot , the mount for the mic -LRB- which is plastic , everything is plastic -RRB- snapped when the DSLR camera fell over in my car . So I am very unhappy with the fact that the mount is made out of plastic . I now have to either re-order the broke piece or contact rode . I would n't suggest this mic if your on a bit of a professional level .
 This product was supposed to be THE BEST . But it simply quit after a few months . The sound quality when it worked was great . Now when i try to use it you literally have to put your mouth on the mic for it to even pick anything up . I have it set to 0 DB and 20 DB gain on my camera -LRB- T2i -RRB- . Please do n't just skip over this review thinking that it is just a lie or something . I had a true problem with this . I also took it to a dealer and they could n't find out what it was . I was hoping for more ... . Just buy a ZOOM , they seem a lot better . Since i spent my money on other things , i now have to save to get a new mic before i can even film again . BIG RIP-OFF
 i purchased this mic in hopes to make a relatively high quality recording , what i got was a better recording from a wireless mic from radio shack . If you spend over $ 10 for this microphone , your getting ripped off
 The item I happened to purchase did not work.There may always be a bad luck to buy a defective one.It did scarcely catch any sound for my canon HV30.I tried it with my old JVC DV-3000 but it did not fit into the shoe.The design looks awkward and big although it has had a good reputation but at least not for me . So I returned it . Maybe I should find other brand or item .
 I bought a canon HV30 & the Rode videomic . I recorded a couple songs frommy stereo , putting the cam about 5 feet in front of my stereo . Used Sony Vegas Platinum to transfer to pc , then dvd . The Rode is only marginally better than the built in mic . I will return it .
 I 've owned both the VideoMic and the Rode SVM for over 4 years now . The fact that the VM is still around , and is actually popular and well-reviewed , amazes me . The reviewers who praise this mic must be using a different production batch than what I have.Let 's start with the obvious - it 's a MONO mic . Do you remember the days of mono ? Are we in the 21st century , or back fiddling with the AM radio in Grandpa 's '73 Dodge Dart ? If you read the description carefully you will learn that , amazingly , yes it is early-70s mono and you can adjust your expectations accordingly . Unfortunately I missed this little factiod and was pretty shocked to learn of its mono-ness once I received it . Shortly thereafter , I purchased the SVM that , while sharing many of the videomic 's weaknesses , at least gets us back into the current century with stereo.The main problems with this mic are twofold - first , the rubberband mount . The mounting system , while meant to isolate the mic from vibration , create their own noises every time the camera is moved -LRB- gently , mind you , not like being handled by a gorilla -RRB- . It 's a very annoying low frequency runble that must be FIXED in post by the use of a high-pass filter . I guess if you always use a tripod , then this wo n't be an issue . But for those of us out there in rough conditions shooting documentaries , the mounting system noise is intolerable . Furthermore , those rubberbands eventually -LRB- after not too long , actually -RRB- wear out and break , and need to be replaced , sometimes at the most inconvenient moment.Next issue is the cardioid pickup pattern , or rather the lack thereof . This mic picks up far too much spurious sound from behind and the sides to be called a true shotgun or cardioid . This weakness is also the case with the SVM . Any small cough , or even whisper , from the camera operator is picked up almost as clearly as the dialog that is supposed to be the only thing heard , coming from in front of the camera.On the plus side , the deadcat does work very well to reduce wind rumble , on both this mic and the SVM . Let 's see , trying to think of other positives ... . none so far ... As a comparison , I also have the Canon DM-100 mic that is built to pair perfectly with several Canon HD camcorders . We used it with HV20s and HV30s . To say the sound and quality of the Canon mic was in another league over the Rode 's would be a huge understatement . No vibration/mounting noise/rumbling/random scary sounds like it 's coming apart/etc . while moving the camera ? Check . Great , clean pickup of the sound in front of the camera -LRB- and even stereo , to boot ! -RRB- while rejecting the sounds from behind , as it 's supposed to ? Check . Good wind noise isolation without the need for purchasing a $ 40 accessory cover ? Check . The only real shame is that this mic is only made to be used with certain Canon cams , I wish it could be used with all the camcorders I work with.So in summary , I have no vendetta against Rode . I do n't work for the competition . I am simply a pro videographer , and audiophile , who expects pro-level gear to work at pro level . And when it does n't - and disappoints badly - I get upset that I wasted time and money to purchase this item . Honestly , the VM is so bad it 's sat unused in my closet for over 2 years , and I was only reminded of it after shopping for a new mic recently . And I was amazed , incredulous - that not only was the VM still around -LRB- like a bad odor that you ca n't get out of an old couch -RRB- , but it 's the # 1 seller ! What a wonderful and strange world we live in.I just hope this review helps those who are considering purchasing one of these , or the SVM which is slightly less bad , to see all sides of its performance before making a purchase decision . At least with Amazon 's fantastic return policy , if you do n't like it as I did n't you will be able to send it back for something different . I got mine in Ukraine and was n't so lucky !
 I used this mic on a 48 hour film project where I did not have time to review sound between takes . We had tested it out before hand with the Tascam recorder we planned to use , and while the playback always sounded a little low , we trusted that since it sounded good in the monitor headphones and the levels peaked nicely on the Tascam , that we were fine . But when I went to edit with the day 's footage , there was barely any signal at all to work with . The clarity was there , but the sound level was almost unusable . I hooked the Tascam to a keyboard that weekend and got rich , full sound at a much lower gain setting , so I know the Tascam is not at fault . We had a fresh 9V battery in the mic and we were using a 10 ft extension cable provided in the kit I bought this with , and the microphone was powered on -LRB- using the low pass setting -RRB- . This mic was always held on the boom no more than 5 feet from those speaking on a quiet set , with my sound guy checking levels with the talent before each take . I purchased this based on so many glowing reviews , I can only say that it was a complete failure for me and I will be selling it immediately .
 Hello Amazon!I just got this mic in this morning , -LRB- Along with the Blue Yeti USB Mic , which is fantastic and is great so far . -RRB- And have been having horrible sound quality with this mic . Now I 've tried everything . I 've had it set in automatic , manual , HPF on and off , set the rec Level from 25 % to 75 % , with HPF on and off at different Levels , but I get a real bad audible hiss no matter the setting . In comparison the built in mic sounds 100 times better than this mic . Now , maybe I am doing something wrong or am overlooking something , or perhaps I got a lemon.If someone can shed some light on this , that would be great.BTW , I am using a Canon 60D DSLR . If someone can suggest some settings or something to fix this problem I would greatly appreciate it.I want to love this mic and I really need it to work for upcoming projects . I would also love to change my star rating as soon as I figure this out.Thanks in advance.EDIT
 After opening this package , I did n't even bother testing out the sound quality on the mic . While others may be more gentle with their equipment , I knew that this would be destroyed in a matter of weeks with me . It seems extremely flimsy and overly bulky . Additionally , if you plan on taking still images with this attached you 'll have to use the large lcd viewfinder as the small viewfinder is obstructed by the mic housing . This thing is enormous . Sent it back immediately and purchased the videomicpro . The return process was fantastic by the way .
 I just bought these the other day and they are going straight back to the store . The sound quality is good . Noise canceling works somewhat and I can hear better when I turn it on . However , turning on noise canceling seems mostly to just increase the volume . As a test , I turned my TV on in the background at a very low volume . So low that I could n't distinguish any words but could still hear voices . I could hear those voices even with noise canceling turned on.I could put up with that , though , since they more than serve my purpose and not too expensive . The reason I am returning these is because they HURT ! I am a woman with an average sized head . After only ten to fifteen minutes my ears begin to ache from being squeezed so tightly . I am constantly nudging the headphones to different positions in an attempt to ease the discomfort . But it 's just too persistent . I can only imagine how they must feel for a man or somebody with a larger head .
 Noise cancelling was ok . The sound quality was poor as if I had the treble turned way up . No bass response to speak of . Considered a waste of my money . Would not even want/use them for free .
 I purchased these noise cancelling head phones so my kids could watch their portable DVD players on long trips and be able to hear them better . Unfortunately , the noise cancelling feature is almost not discernable . I would not recommend them .
 I tried to this headset in an office environment and the headphones create more noise than it cancels . When I turn on the noise cancellation , the low frequencies are reduced , but the headset introduces a high pitched white noise that sounds like tv static . Voice frequencies are barely reduced , so I end up hearing people down the hallway better with noise cancellation on.I 've tried Bose 's QC2 and I got no static from those headphones.I would not recommend this headset at all .
 I bought this item along with the 10pk single storage cases . Shame on me for thinking Memorex would be good quality . Cheap cheap cheap ! Really thin plastice sleeve , really thin plastic altogether . The smell when I opened the package from Amazon was horrible ! Smelled like burned oil . Just awful ! Not to mention I 'm not even sure if I have the new or old packaging because the packaging I recieved does n't look anything like the packaging on Amazon 's website . I will probably be throwing these away as soon as I find better ones . I 've already opened the packages to see if it was Amazon 's box that smelled or the actual cases so I 'm sure I ca n't return them now so ... $ 30 + wasted . Please do n't waste your money on these .
 It plays 4 short songs , the ear phones do n't even fit a 3 year olds head and it is too big to fit a doll . The biggest waste of money ever !
 I purchased this to be able to plug my Garmin Nuvi GPS into , since the Nuvi does not come with a wall charger , only a 12 auto plug . When I plug the Nuvi into it , the Nuvi operates erratically - like it does not quite know whether or not it 's getting power . It supposedly is rated at 1 amp output , which is what Garmin says the Nuvi draws.Update 4/8/10 - The seller was very willing to correct the situation . I came to the realization that although the product description advertised this unit as 1 amp , the item I was sent was only 500ma -LRB- i.e. not adequate to provide power for my 1 amp NUVI -RRB- . The company offered to send me a replacement , which turned out to also be 500ma , so there was no improvement . The seller offered to refund my money , but I did n't bother -LRB- sice it was so cheap -RRB- .
 I bought one from the Eforcity . This convert 's output current is marked as 550-650mA , NOT the 1A described on the Amazon .
 Did not work for on what I bough it for -LRB- car vacuum -RRB- . But I did work on something else -LRB- car phone charger .
 i know it only cost $ 3 ; but it was n't even worth that . tried to charge my blackberry using my car charger and adapter in a wall outlet for over 3 hours - no charge . i plugged in the charger in my car and after 1 \ 2 hr it was 50 % charged . the adapter is n't work worth a wooden nickel , honest .
 The seller says this thing weighs three pounds . It does n't . It weighs about 2 ounces . That should be your first clue that the seller is ripping you off . I went ahead and ordered one anyway , and after about 2.5 weeks of waiting it finally arrived . I took it out of its packaging and plugged it into the wall . It immediately exploded , leaving black marks on the wall and tripping the circuit breaker .
 Well I 'm pissed . I need much more current . Nowhere on the product page did the seller say it 's limited to 300mA . I 'd return it , but shipping is more than the price of the item .
 This did n't work for me . Admittedly I did not think it was going to . The Adapter likely has a very small usable amperage range . I tried it for a portable DVD player and it failed completely . Seemed to work fine for a cell phone though .
 Limited to 500ma . This limitation is not shown anywhere in the ad . Will not work for my intended purpose .
 I purchased this item to use with a tire pump which plugs into the 12volt outlet in a car . It does not work . I plug it into an outlet in my home and plug in the 12volt auto plug and nothing happens . In fact the light on the adapter plug goes out
 I bought this to plug my sirius reciever in to a plug in my home . It doesnt work for that or my cell phone . It is junk
 While the light does go on signaling that the product is working , it failed to transfer power to the device plugged into it ... but what do you expect , I only paid ONE Cent for it !
 just received this but is not working on my car vacuum . maybe will try other product that will really works with the intended use
 This is an incredibly low-power 12v power supply , pretty much useless for anything . Dirt cheap , but what use is it once you have it ?
 This AC to DC adapter does not work . I tried on different outlets and electrical items with the same results.I am planning to return it for a replacement that eventually should work .
 Shame on Me for not reading the reviews of this item before purchasing.Shame on Amazon for allowing this seller to continue this scam.The adapter is worthless ... wo n't even light up a 12v light bulb ... the small 12V air compressor I bought FERGETTABOUTIT!The old adage `` You Get What You Pay '' for is true.ONE star is more than it deserves .
 do n't waste your money it does not work and it 's a cheap piece of junk ! I wish i could get my money back
 The 12V wall plug power adapter is rated for 1.0 A current in the item description , the label on the actual item states 0.550-0 .650 mA . Does not provide a stable power for a small piece of electronics without any moving parts , causing frequent on/off cycles , although measured output voltage matching the specs . In my opinion , this merchandise deserves a zero stars rating , but one star is the lowest available .
 Do n't waste your time and money . I have tried two of these and they are horrible . I have a small air comprssor for my car . This adapter will barely run the flashlight and does n't even have a prayer of running the compressor . It 's worthless .
 This plug did not work as expected - it is useless to me . it is supposed to be an adaptor that allows you to run an item off the cigarette lighter in your car or boat . Did not work that way .
 At Amazon 's `` frequently purchased together '' suggestion I bought this to run the small emergency auto air pump I also purchased . However , the converter ca n't source enough current to power the pump . The converter only provides 350 mA . The converter might work fine for lower power uses , but you better check to be sure .
 The device is rated to 500 mA , but gets very hot with burning smell for only 180 mA load and then , blew up only in three weeks . It 's a bad one . Amazon need to remove this and similar items from their stocks . I did not consider returning because the cost of shipment is more than what the device is worth .
 I have a eforcity car charger . I dont have USA plugSo I bought car charger to USA plug converter -LRB- SEM-AC/DC
 Purchased the power supply to be able to use my GPS in the house . Either it is a defect or does n't have enough power . Will check further when our four feet of snow goes away and I can get out . Sorry , it may be usable for lighter items . Do n't know what will draw less current .
 I needed this device so i could power my radar detector in the house to update its software . This product did not provide adequate power to operate my radar detector . Additionally , I tried to see if it would power my Garmin GPS when that unit was plugged in and it would not .
 This product did n't work . This was the first time i have used this web sight and intend to never return . The product that I purchased was a car to home phone charger adapter . I would advise other to not buy from this supplier for this particular item .
 item did not work on any plug i tried it with . and since it only cost 50 cents i 'm not going to go through the trouble of trying to send it back .
 This article helped me not me for what I bought it . Does not work with an air compressor 12 volts , although it has to come together .
 Both my air inflater for car tires & car vaccum cleaner work on my car cigarette lighter socket butwo n't work on this AC to DC car cigarette lighter socket adapter when plugged to the wall electric receptacle
 This item was never described as 500 ma . . it inferred that it would run a 12 v air compressor -LRB- as it appeared on the same page at the bottom -RRB- as the compressors . I was displeased when I got it . But as it would cost more to send it back than its worth I have no choice but to keep it or throw it out . Some of the reviews say that it exploded when pluged in . I am heasatant to even plug it in . Poor advertising minimum truth = junk .
 This adapter only has a 500ma rating , had I known that I would not have purchased . I bought this to power my Sirius SAT radio while indoors but 500ma enough to even power the SAT receiver . Do n't buy this one , look for something with a higher amp rating , probably .5 to 1 amp would do if you could find one . I ended up making my own with an old router power supply and cig lighter socket purchased from the local auto store . The power supply I used is rated at 12Volts/1Amp and it works nicely
 I ordered this product on June 29th , 2010 and till date I have n't received my shipment.Since i have not received the product , i ca n't rate this product.Next time i have to think twice before buying any product from amazon .
 Does not work.this was reccomended to be purchased with 12 volt air pump . Same flimsy construction as other one ordered . This also does not work . Vendor is sending replacement . This is important to me to have this converter working . I am disappointed at the quality of this product .
 It does n't work . I plugged into the household current and then attached the cigarette lighter type plug into the DC outlet . It did ` nt work so I threw it away . This is the first time I got gypped on E-Bay .
 I purchased this unit so that I could charge my Magellan GPS at home . The GPS would not power up when plugged into this device . It did work with some other 12V devices .
 I am not sure why this product did not work for my auto-compressor but it would have been nice and was at a good price .
 I bought this so that I could plug in my air compressor which works from my car only at this point . While the green light does go on when its plugged into the wall , it does not transmit power to the air compressor , so it was a total bust getting this . Luckily it was cheap .
 do n't waste your money - it never worked - i had to throw it out
 The idea of the product is excellent , however it is not what was expected . It works , but it not universal for all chargers .
 I Bought this along with a RAD Tire Inflator . It was even recommended by Amazon . The inflator was rated at 13.5 Volts . The SEM adapter was rated at 13.5 volts . No go . You get what you pay for .
 I am a good customer of Amazon and got this AC/DC Adapter but I think it didnt give the 12V output well and didnt work with my Portable DVD player . I wish I get the better one .
 Paid 35 cents for the unit and approx $ 4.00 shipping -LRB- unknown until purchase complete -RRB- and it does not work . You get what you pay for and the rip off on shipping is getting uiversal . Note
 This is not working . This is not usefull now . This product is not a good one , please try to test at the time of sending to customer .
 I ordered an adapter it did not work < I complained , they responded , `` do n't worry we will send you another do not send it back . '' they sent me another a month later , it does not work either . A really good idea for a product so you can get double duty for equipment that you can only use from your car . But the product is useless , flat out does not work with any appliance or equipment . It would be extremely useful if the manufacturer would address the quality control issues on its products and/or specify item limitations or something . My only satisfaction is that they spent more money on postage than I did for the adapter . Wasted effort , useless .
 I ordered this for an emergency light so I can plug it in without killing my car battery , and when I tried it , absolutely nothing happened . The only reason this got one star is because it forces at least one to be given . So basically , do NOT buy this product . It 's a waste of money .
 ... and especially if you are buying this in combination with the 12 VOLT ELECTRIC AIR PUMP w/GAUGE for Tires Bikes Cars Air Matresses by RAD Cycle Products . I do n't know why these are being offered as a group - they do not work together . The DC converters do not offer nearly enough amperage for the pump . They MAY work for your phone charger -LRB- if by chance you 've lost the USB charger -LRB- even in that case , it might be easier to just buy a new one vice sing this POS -RRB- -RRB- . I would give it no -LRB- 0 -RRB- stars if I could .
 I bought this all excited that i could plug my mini-fridge/cooler into it since my mini fridge/cooler has a cigarette lighter type charger to make it work i was thinking this would be perfect to convert it over for in the house or in the front yard or garage . NOPE . Doesnt/Didn ' t work . Maybe for phone chargers or something but not for coolers or portable mini fridges . I recommend paying a lil extra money and getting a better name brand product that will actually be universal instead of for small charging items only -LRB- which it might no even work for small items like phones , i havent tried since i was so upset with it not working -RRB- .
 No matter how many wall outlets or how many houses I have tried to plug the thing into , it just does n't make a different . It just does n't work at all , not for just a little weenie tiny little bit . just DEAD DEAD DEAD . wasted my couple bucks . Well , so now at least you are forewarned .
 this piece worked for a day and then it stopped working.since this was a cheap deal we did not bother to return it or ask for replacement.Do not buy this item at all .
 Do n't buy this . I bought this because it was recommended in other people bought this section , when I order my Slime COMP06 Pro Power Heavy-Duty Tire Inflator . It does n't work , when I turn on the power switch on the pump the red power light on the adapter goes out and nothing happen . No worth the price to send it back . -LRB- JUNK -RRB-
 This product did not properly convert the AC Voltage from the wall socket into DC Voltage to power my device . The device was not able to turn on . The output voltage listed on the device did not match the output voltage listed by the vendor on their site . The vendor only suggested that I return the device . However , I would have to pay for shipping . Do not recommend this product .
 Plain and simple , it does n't work . The charge light comes on but it does not power the small air compressor I 'd like to use in my shed . Not worth the postage to return it so it went into the trash .
 These item did not work when trying it with a hand held 12 volt powered hand held vac . I had ordered 2 of them and niether of them worked . All that happened was that fuse in the vac plug burned out !!!!!!!! Not only that but the vac plug got stuck in the socket adapter and both were ruined trying to get apart !!!!!!!
 Held together by a screw and a sticker . Literally , a sticker ... i.e. a piece of tape.If you leave it in the car it will melt off.This product is not meant to last . It is cheap.But it does work ... As long as the sticker lasts . : - -RRB-
 I plugged this into AC supply and hooked up the car vacuum -LRB- that works on 12v dc -RRB- but it does not operate that way . Same way i checked my car compressor too . Result is same . I have two of these products , none is working for the above situation . I might be wrong , but this is what it is right now .
 this is a waste of time and money because it does not work . exceptions ; will work light on drill , or small 12 volt product with a light , thats about it
 I plugged in my Droid Revolution and the Red lights on the device dim and get bright , dim and get bright and the % of charge on the Droid does not improve . Also , the Droid does weird things by itself . Goes to different screens by itself ???
 The technical specs claim the output is 12 VDC and the label in the photos shows 12 VDC , 500 mA . The product I received is labeled 13.5 VDC , 550-650 mA . Neither of these specs are near the truth . The actual load/output values observed from testing the three units I purchased are : ~ 5 ma 13.5 - 13.6 V100 mA 13.2 - 13.3 V200 mA 11.5 - 11.7 V300 mA 8.3 - 8.5 V400 mA 5.7 - 6.0 V500 mA 4.0 - 4.3 VSo they may or may not work for charging a cell phone with a car charger cord , but they are useless as general purpose 12 VDC adapters . I am unfortunately used to marketing people taking liberties with specifications , but this is ridiculous . A more truthful spec would be
 Arrived dead in the water . Not worth returning . Once again , you get what you pay for . Happens with a lot of junk from China .
 Took a chance on this to use for a portable bike pump , but it seems to provide insufficient power . The pump wo n't run at all with this , although it works fine with my car . I should have listened to the other reviewers , but for $ 2.49 , I thought I 'd take a shot . Had to learn the hard way .
 its a good thing that this only cost under $ 5.00 ... it didnt work as i planned it should of . it actually discharged the item i was trying to charge up ! oh well yo get what you pay for ...
 The opening for the cigarette lighter plug is too shallow . I 've tried a few different plugs and none of them will insert far enough to stay inserted . The spring clips on the sides push them back out again .
 We were heading out for an 8-day houseboat trip and needed this adapter for the DC air compressor we were bringing . IT DOES NOT WORK AT ALL !!! Do n't let the cheap price fool you . You get what you pay for . Luckily I tested it before we left and realized what a hunk a junk it is so I had to change plans and find an alternate solution .
 Had intended to use the product with a bike tire pump that normally uses the carlighter plug and it would not work .
 Revising now after 1 + year , actually this item works excellently only through the first 5 or 6 charges . Then it begins a steep curve down related to longevity ; and now , it does n't even starts to charge at all ...
 Only used tape a few times then it started playing back poorly.Other tapes are working fine in VCR so it is n't the VCR
 This product has come unwound inside of 2 different VCR 's . I 'm on my 4th attempt to find one that is not defective or lasts at least more than 3 months
 The picture quality at the beginning was outstanding . Real crisp and clear , but over a period of a month , little lines started showing up in my recordings . I was going to return the item , but my return window has expired . I guess you get what you pay for . I do not believe I will purchase this item again in the future .
 I purchased this system when it first came out and paid over $ 4k for it . I figured that I would have this computer for a while and so I thought I could justify the cost of it . Well I only had it for less than a year when it first broke down . Dell tech came out and he could not figure out what was wrong with it and then damaged it further by smoking -LRB- literally -RRB- the system . Dell then in return sent out a brand new system with the specs the same as the previous system . Ok , well now another year into the system and guess what , yes the exact same problem . Dell tech came out and once again could not fix the system . Of course in this time period Dell stopped manufacturing these systems so now I need to rely on sending my system back in hopes that someone knows what is wrong and will fix it correctly . When this system is returned I will immediately place an online ad and sell this piece of junk !!! I purchased a Gateway $ 400.00 laptop the first time this thing died because my business info . was on it . My Gateway is wonderful !!!! When I got my second system from Dell , I left if plugged in on my desk for about a year and only used it maybe a dozen times and only to surf the internet before it died again . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS SYSTEM ... STAY AWAY AND NEVER PUT YOUR TRUST OR MONEY IN A DELL PRODUCT ... . I have learned my lesson ! I give this system only a 1 star because it looks nice and because I had to give it some rating .
 I have already had to get mine replaced twice . DELL pretended like they never made this , decided to `` stick their heads in the mud '' -LRB- from the mouth of one of their own employees -RRB- . Nothing works the way it is supposed to and DELL will NOT back this pc . Just check with all the listings at the better business bureau , that is who I had to finally go through in order to get a resolution . I would just sell it to recoup some of the original cost -LRB- 5,000.00 + -RRB- but I would not be able to do it in good conscience . Please do n't do it ! I would not even give it a full star but I have not choice .
 This computer has been a dissapointment from the start . I had to replace on the mother board 6 months in . Dell was decent as far as customer service was concerned , but over-all I stand by my opener ... Worst computer I ever owned .
 i just got an email saying this ! -------------- Begin seller message --------------------- Thank you for you purchase and I am just wanting to confirm that you understand it is only a keyboard that you have purchased for the XPS M2010 . Please confirm with your response that you acknowledge the item purchased . Thank you again.so i would like my full refund of my purchase ! ... and if you could please and i would Love if you could contact me at -LRB-216-RRB-361-0993 so we can get this whole thing understood thank you ... i would like that very much .
 This unit had mulitple failures , everything was replaced at one point or another in time span of less than a year . It has a major reliability/design issue . I had it repaired just last week and it failed again . Do n't waste your money on this laptop . I have had many Dell products before and this XPS M2010 is the only one that does not meet my expectation . I was very disappointed with recent Dell performance both in their technical support and customer service personnel . They keep transferring my call and even hang up on me . Dell tech support even lied to me on system replacement . I am fed up with their excuses and Dell has moved to bottom of my list of future PC suppliers .
 Not sure how , but the wire from this manufacturer was miswired . Plug the 3.5 mm all the way in and you get stereo sound but no video . Pull it halfway out and you get video but only left speaker .
 Bought 2 of these because they were so cheap , but neither worked . Not worth returning them . Guess it 's true , you get what you pay for !
 The picture was only static and the sound quality was terrible . I tried switching the colors as other reviewers suggested , but nothing worked . I 'm glad I bought it through Amazon , though . At least the returns are easy .
 I bought this cable for my Philips portable DVD player , but upon hooking everything up , I get choppy audio and no video . I swapped all the connections around -LRB- just in case some of the wires were crossed -RRB- , but nothing helped.It may be an issue with the DVD player itself though , I ca n't 100 % say that its a faulty cord . For $ 3 , I have a nice addition to my junk drawer .
 It does not work with my Western Digital TV Live Plus unit . Outcome of the video is really bad . I wonder why not all 3.5 mm to RCA are created equal .
 Bought this about 6 months ago to play movies on my TV from my cell phone . Worked fine for a few months , but the cable has now shorted out from the 3.5 mm end and only plays audio out of one end . Put a new cable in place and no issues . I am generally gentle with my cables , so would contribute it to a very cheap plug . 2 stars because , what do you expect for 3 bucks .
 Junk cable . Sound only comes out of one side , not stereo like it should be . Only reason I gave it 2 stars is because the price is so cheap I really did n't expect too much .
 I bought this battery 7 months ago and could not have been happier . It replaced my original battery that was 3 years old . For the first couple of months , it ran like a champ for nearly two hours every time . So as to not develop a battery `` memory '' , I was careful to charge it only when it was low or forced the computer to hibernate . Within the last month or so , it has only run my laptop for 45 minutes on a charge . This past week , it keeps a charge for five minutes or less . : -LRB- I suspect that the problem is internal in how the battery reports it 's remaining charge to the computer 's OS . In Windows , hibernation begins at a user-set battery life percentage . In LINUX -LRB- Ubuntu -RRB- , the battery reports this same low charge percentage with a `` battery may be broken '' warning , but I can operate the computer for at least 75-90 minutes before it quits.I would have liked at least a year out of this new battery . It amazes me that I have another old laptop that is nearly ten years old , and the battery still runs consistently for 90 minutes or better ! I thought battery technology was getting better , not worse !
 In the market for a camera upgrade from My Kodak Easyshare 2mp , I really thought that I had lucked out with this camera . My husband purchased this for me , because he knew I wanted a 5mp camera , and a new MP3 player as well . Two in one ! Um , not so good . I can say this , the design is awesome looking and the LCD is very clear , which is why I gave it one star . It 's pretty sleek looking and gets lots of comments on how cool it looks . Other than that , this camera is awful . It has very limited settings and the settings do not save once the camera is off , causing you to reset everytime . The quality and color is horrible no matter what the light . I have yet , out of hundreds of test pictures with multiple different setting changes and configurations , to take ONE decent picture with this camera . They are blurry , grainy when you use the zoom and too dark even in the brightest of rooms . The flash literally whites out the picture when in use , I mean a huge white spot in 85 percent of the picture . The MP three player works ok , but the file listing is horrible . You have to pretty much guess what song it is when scrolling . The video mode has the same problems as the pictures , and no mic on the phone means you have no sound on any video you take . Overall , I would say do n't bother with this , beyond the coolness factor , it 's a horrible waste of money . There are too many problems to list . I am on the way to return mine . My easyshare 2mp takes better , clearer pictures and video than this and it 's over 2 years old . Do n't buy this camera .
 The one star I gave this camera is for cool looks only . I returned it after only one day because it 's look was all it had going for it . Most of the pictures taken outdoors were whited out , even with the flash disabled , the sun behind the camera , and the brightness setting turned all the way down . The indoor pictures were almost as bad , having inaccurate coloring.The mp3 player does not have enough volume . Also , if you have more than one song by the same artist on your list , you have to guess at which song you are selecting since only the artist name shows , not the song title . I suppose you could get around this by changing the name of each mp3 file you put on it . . but what a hassle!A bad mp3 player and even worse camera . . do n't waste your money.I replaced mine with a Nikon CoolPix 4600 , which is great . No mp3 player , but excellent picture quality .
 Just bought the camera a couple hours ago and now im packaging it back up to return . Looking at the camera , it seems like a good buy with the mp3 player and 5 mp but the pictures just come out horrible . The mp3 functions seems to work good . Would not recommend at all waste of money .
 Pictures are awful , blurry . you have to turn the flash off for it to work at all but it wo n't save the setting . I 'd take it back if I could find my receipt .
 As we speak I am on my way back to wal-mart to return the Polaroid Izone 550 . It is a very sleek looking camera , the lcd screen looks awesome , and the fact that it plays mp3 's was the reason for buying . On top of the fact that it was a good buy for a 5 mp camera . When I went to take pictures of our living room though , with EVERY light on in the house it turned out HORRIBLE . The pictures turned out grainy , dark , and just bad . The concept of the camera was well thought out . I wish they had taken the time to work on the lighting issues . I 'm going to go get a Cannon Powershot . I gave this product 1 star because of the concept and that 's it .
 I paid $ 140 online , cudnt get the MP3 to work , the photos outside wer OK didnt try any inside , I got it for my wife but sent it back right away an got her a full featured 4 MP Kodak for $ 90
 I bought this a year ago . It sucks . I cant take any pictures inside even with bright light . It looks like I 'm in a cave . It was cheap for a reason . Do not buy this camera . I cant even get the mp3 function to work .
 I bought the larger Canon CD-300 printer less than a year ago for $ 400 . Now , Canon says they will not create an XP driver for it . That is an extremely poor customer server . Anyone making PC-compatible hardware has to be prepared to support it for a reasonable period after they stop selling it . Canon promotes their printers as Microsoft Windows compatible , but the CD-300 does n't run on the only version of Windows that Microsoft is selling ! That is deceptive . I own a Canon digital SLR and digital SureShot . Because of this clear example of how little they care about their customers , they are the last Canon products I will purchase . Today , instead of buying photo paper for my defunct Canon CD-300 , I bought the Sony DPP-SV77 . It 's a great little printer with a pop-up display for much less than the Canon ... and Sony has great customer service !
 I bought this Photo Printer in order to print photos from my Canon digital camera PowerShot S20 . But unfortunately I can not use it with this older Canon model . So now I am stuck with this Photo printer without ever having tried it .
 Re-Stock It will not ship this product as advertised . They claim it is offered through someone else 's error and promised several weeks ago to remove it . It is still here . They shipped one of four cartridges and when questioned they had it picked up and promised a refund.Call me Mr. BlueDo n't bother trying to buy this bargain .
 The item shown in the photo is unattainable . If you order this you will get case looking completely different . I had to return mine twice -LRB- the first one I thought was sent by accident , but the replacement that was sent was still not the item shown here . -RRB- FYI .
 I ordered a black leather camera case for a fuji fine pix-v10 . I was sent a blue vinyl case with ridges . This case was also on the website . I sent it back because it was not what I ordered . Then a few days later I recieved another package from Amazon and I thought it was the black leather camera case , but NO , it was the same blue case !! I just want to warn anyone that the item may not be as pictured .
 One thing that is not mentioned ANYWHERE is that this television has a glass composite screen . This is NOT typical of LCD TV 's . The glass is highly reflective , so this television is completely useless in a well-lit room . It has a great picture , but if your room is bright , you might as well save yourself some money and buy a mirror instead , because that 's what it will look like while you 're watching tv .
 I love the TV when it is working . It has a great picture and sound . My tuner went 2 months ago and I spoke with CS . They shipped the parts and I changed them , I had power supply issues now . They sent more parts and then the in house repairman . The TV still has the same problems . I placed a complaint with the BBB after the first month was over and no response from them.CS is horrible and no one gets back to you . I finally received a replacement TV , the shipped it by truck from CA to NY , received it broken . You have to wonder if they shipped me a broken one because of the complaint I made to the BBB.It 's been a week since the 2nd one arrived and no phone calls from them . I had to re-do the paperwork and re-give a credit card to place a hold so they can send a new TV . As of today 2 months later I still have no TV and a warranty that is running out soon.Beware if you have problems you are in for a long hard trip with their CS . No one ever calls you back . Getting a someone to answer the phone will take about 30 minutes , you will get hung up on . BBB is also waiting for them to respond after 3 + weeks into the complaint .
 I purchased this item about a year and a half ago due to price and the reviews . While I cant complain for the first year , the TV has developed a problem where it turns itself off all the time . After having two TV repair folks do a complete diagnostic , they havent been able to pinpoint the problem . If I were to change the power supply , it could cost close to 600 bucks with no guarantee to fix the problem . I will buy a brand name TV with better tech support . Olevia 's is a joke and they are now bankrupt . .
 I bought an Olevia 42 '' in 2007 and it worked fine for approx . 16 months . Currently , it has been in the shop for approx . 6 months . The repair part was very difficult to obtain and failed within a few days of bringing the unit home . The television shop is now having problems getting the parts distributor to warranty the part . The almost complete lack of service/parts availability has convinced me to never buy another Olevia . I suggest that others pay a little higher price and purchase a TV from a reputable company .
 i would give this company zero star 's if i could ... got a tv from them that broke with in 6 month 's . got a new one wit the warranty and they put the rest of the existing warranty on it ... then that tv broke again in about seven month 's ... now i ` am stuck with a broken tv ... if you like being disrespected by a company after you buy a exspensive item this is the tv for you ... i called costumer service and the girl on the the phone actually said '' yeah what cha want '' not may i help you with your problem ... they hang up on you after leaving you on hold for a half a hour . so here 's your warning pass it on to everyone you know looking to buy a flat panel tv this is the worst company ever ...
 Syntax clearly states that their warranty is only good for the origninal purchaser . I got my daughter one as a gift , gave it to her bran new , in the factory sealed box and Syntax refuses to honor the warranty , -LRB- and yes I calld everywere and tried everything -RRB- .
 My Tv started to have sound problems and I sent off an email to Olevia . No response . Then tried calling support - had to leave a message.Days later after no response I called and transferred to sales - helpful guy and wanted all the details but again he could not help and would have tech support call me back - NO LUCK with call back3 weeks go by and now I am getting rather ticked at the no response . So rewrote email again - no response.Called tech support and left my number - no response.Again called sales and got another person.Got a live body - Yaaahoo ! - could not help but forwarded me to customer service -LRB- to give me the service at home number -RRB- . Customer service could not help and said Tech support were the ones to talk to . After an hour plus on hold I get to talk to a tech . 1/2 hour later he came to the conclusion that I needed service.I liked the TV when I bought it but this support issue is really bad . My recomendation is call them yourself before you buy the TV.Oh , and Good Luck !!!!
 Bought this for a socket-AM2 motherboard -LRB- gigabyte GA-M59SLI-S5 -RRB- , but never got very far in just trying to install it , because the socket-AM2 hardware that comes with it is just awful.This cooler comes with a crossbar type of clip with a hinged piece at each end that is supposed to reach down to engage the tabs of a standard socket-AM2 retention frame . However , it is clear that the manufacturer put absolutely no thought into the design of this clip . Each hinged piece has a dozen notch positions that can be used to adjust how it 's hinged onto the crossbar , but there is absolutely NO guidance as to which of those positions are correct , which forces the end user to guess what they 're supposed to do , and frankly , I could n't find notch positions that seemed to be correct for socket-AM2 no matter what I tried.Many other coolers for socket-AM2 also use a crossbar with hinged end pieces , but they do n't design them to force an end user to enter into a guessing game as to how to put these pieces together -- this was a uniquely bad idea !
 When it works the picture quality is outstanding but the sound quality is poor for a tv that cost $ 3500 when purchased . My tv developed a dark bar on the left side of the screen after 15 months -LRB- out of warranty -RRB- . It turns out that this is a known issue these tv 's and well documented in several online forums . It seems there is some glue that secures small mirrors in the unit that fails causing the mirrors to move . This causes the `` shadow '' issue along the sides of the screen . It is clearly a design flaw but Samsung will not acknowledge it . The result is a very expensive repair . I do not recommend this TV and personally will never buy anything Samsung again because of the way I was treated by thier customer service .
 I enjoyed my Samsung HLP6163W 61 inch DLP television until it failed fourteen months after purchase and two months after expiration of the Samsung warranty . The `` light engine '' failed . Repair , with labor and tax is approximately $ 1900 -- nearly half of the original purchase price of the television . Take the time to review internet forums on Samsung DLP televisions . This type of failure appears to be very common.I have contacted Samsung corporation about warranty extension and repair . They refuse to even consider my request , despite the fact that many people on Samsung DLP internet forums feel Samsung knew during the manufacturing of this product it would experience early extensive failure . There is even talk of class action lawsuits . Hey , it is two months out of warranty , so tough luck , customers.I now am in possession of high priced inoperable junk . My next television ? A Sony !
 We purchased our Samsung DLP 3 years ago . After two years the DLP lamp failed and it cost $ 200.00 to replace . After replacing it , and being told that they ususally last three years ... the new one failed after 8 months . The lamp manufacturer stated that if it was a malfunction with the lamp it would have failed within the first 60 days and that it was a malfunction in the TV . After paying over $ 3,000 for a television , you would think that it would last longer than three years.All attempts at getting through to Samsung have resulted in being disconnected . I 'm going to keep trying but that class action law suit is sounding better and better .
 I bought a Samsung DLP TV 4 years ago . The first lamp lasted 2 years and I replaced it myself -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- . That lamp failed after 1.5 years so I called Warrantech about my extended warranty . My argument is that there is someting wrong with the TV causing premature lamp failure . They reluctantly sent J&K ; electronics -LRB- Houston -RRB- to fix my TV . All they did was replace the lamp and wanted me to pay . I did not . That lamp failed after a month and a half . Anyone besides me starting to think there is something wrong with my TV . J&K ; Electronics came again and took my TV back to the shop . They are holding it hostage because Warrantech has never paid them anything.The lesson you can learn from my experience -LRB- so you do n't learn it the hard way -RRB- is this
 IF YOU WANT TO WATCH SPORTS OR ANYTHING WITHOUT SOUND THIS TV IS THE ONE FOR YOU ! THERE ARE BIG LIP SYNC PROBLEMS . IF YOU WANT TO CONFIRM THIS SEARCH FOR LIP SYNC & SAMSUNG AND YOU WILL MEET MANY OTHER POOR CONSUMERS THAT HAVE THE SAME ISSUES . I WISH I HAD DONE THIS BEFORE I PURCHASED .
 I have 2 of them and they have started giving me problems already in less than 4 months they have a problem when you are trying to transfer the pictures from SD to hard drive . I have Extreme 2 and thats working great . So i will recomened to go with extreme2 and save money it has no difference in speed i m using them with Nikon D80 .
 I ordered a SD card , after 10 days , their shipped me a chainsaw . They ask me heip them reshipped the chainswa to another their customas , I did this for them . They said they will ship the SD card to me ASAP , and will give me a 16GB USB as a gift .35 days passed , I received nothing , nor my SD card . I email to them many times , no answer .
 I purcased a digital camera and a 2GB Scandisk from Amazon and should have received it in 2 days on November 25 , 2007 . I received the camera within the specified time from Amazon but it took Andorama -LRB- must be Amazon partners -RRB- 3 weeks to ship the ScanDisk 2GB . When I called their Customer Service they said I should return it however , it shoud have to be done in 7 days and I would have to pay the postage . I had already bought a ScanDisk card from a local store . I do n't have any issues with the ScanDisk card . I decided not to send the card back since the cost of the postage and Andorama 's charges would have left me with hardly any money back . Now I have 2 x 2Gb ScanDisk cards ! Check your shipments and take action if what you ordered is not received in timely manner .
 You can get more memory for less . Honestly , how many people will ever drop this chip from 10 ' 000 ft or subject their digital camera to 50F below zero ? The new SDHC chips , especially category 6 , have a minimum 4GB capacity , are faster , and cost less .
 Inital shipment was for the wrong product I received a compact disk 1 GB vs ordered SD disk for 2 GB . Once reported Amazon proptly provided return instruction -LRB- no cost return shipment -RRB- and shipped the correct product expedited shipment . A pain but nice recovery by Amazon ... to error is human .
 Sure , the product is OEM , but you 're going to pay 50 % of purchase price in shipping - good luck .
 Sandisk has some screwy problem with these and other SD cards.Not many readers will see it or read it.Even the SANDISK reader ca n't read it!It could be that Sandisk went down the drain as a quality product or these and other Sandisk labeled cards are fakes.I have NO proof just make an assumption that it could happen!Ya know , the cheapest No-Name brands work just fine for me , everytime and it 's half price or less.This is the last time I ever buy any SD card from Sandisk . .
 Received a Memory Stick Pro Duo instead of SD Card.Bottom of the box has bar code/label for B000FKKWVM SDSDX3-2048-901 applied over SDMSPDX3-2048-901 actually printed on box .
 I ordered a CF & Received a SD . Amazon was extremely nice about correcting the problem . A pleasant surprise in online shopping .
 I am rather dissapointed with the Extreme III . I bought it for my Kodak EasyShare C713 because with my previous SD card there was a several second delay between photos . I was hoping this 20MB/s would do the trick but it still takes a long time for the photo to process before you can take another . I feel I wasted my money .
 I place an order through Amazon and when my shipment arrived I received two orders from Adorama . I contacted the company and they informed me to ship the 2nd item back -LRB- at my cost -RRB- and they would refund my credit card . Three weeks after I mailed the item I received my credit card bill that still reflected the charge . I contacted Adorama , they claim that they never received the shipment and I would need to deal with Amazon -LRB- very rude staff -RRB- . I contacted Amazon and through their A to Z Guarantee and would investigate the issue . After a few days of investigation they denied my claim due to insufficient evidence of delivery , basically calling me a liar . I will never do business with Amazon or Adorama again and I would warn others of the poor customer service practice that these companies practice . I am a dissatisfied customer . Only reason they received `` one star '' rating is `` no stars '' was not an option .
 I purchased this because my camera is several years old and the maximum card it will accept is 2GB and I also thought the added bonus of being able to take shots a little quicker would be great . Sadly , this is n't any quicker shooting photos -LRB- or uploading them -RRB- than the regular card I bought over 4 years ago . While I 'm sure this is mostly due to my camera hardware , if you do have a newer camera capable of taking advantage of this card 's extra speed , why would you want to settle for just 2GB ? This is a semi-pointless product - Just go for a card with larger capacity .
 I purchased a 2Gb Extreme III SD Card , and it stores the images taken with my DSLR , but it does not display the files in my PC , through the Sandisk usb adapter . Therefore , I have to plug the camera directly to the PC . It is very inconvenient .
 I used it for a couple of weeks , and after that it suddenly started to work unproperly : deleting some of my photots , transforming them into some other king of file -LRB- not jpg -RRB- , so Iost a few great memories like this.Otherwise it is a good card , but I do n't no , I hope not every one of them has my problem .
 I wanted to use this card with a digital picture frame . It can not be read in my Belkin card reader . Can not be opened or formatted . It works okay in my Kodak camera but I did n't really want to install the camera software if I did n't have to since I have the card reader .
 The webcam is just like any other ordinary Logitech webcam . Nothing new or great about it . The description given by the manufacturer seems to claim that this is the best webcam in the world . Do n't believe any word from the manufacturer . If you already have a webcam , do n't re-invest in this.The `` face-recognizing '' software is a joke . It takes any bright light ahead of the webcam as a `` face '' . If two or more people stand in front of the camera , it goes crazy trying to figure out what to do and does what it can do best ... hang or freeze . I had to close the software and restart it 7 times in an hour . I returned the webcam after using it for 2 days .
 The camera works fine with Yahoo Instant Messenger , and with the software that Creative includes with the product . But we got the camera to use it with AIM which is what the rest of our distributed family uses . Alas , neither AIM 5.9 nor AIM Triton displays anything from the the camera . Creative 's support has been frustrating . They have suggested a number of things to do if the camera does n't work at all , ignoring the fact that I 've told them where the camera does work , and that we get the same results on two very different computers.The problem may be with AIM , but then Creative 's website and tech support should just say that , instead of encouraging users to think that it does work . I 've found several entries on the web indicating others having the same problem .
 I tried to install this on 3 different computers , A Toshiba , a Sony and a voodoo . It will not install on any of them .
 this webcam is not compatible with acer ferrari , with windows xp . I do n't know why . I just returned it .
 This was an OK product . However , the face tracking did not work as well the other cameras I tested .
 From the photos and specs I thought this was `` the camera '' to have -LRB- both my wife and I loved the look of the camera from the photos we had seen -RRB- . There 's always exceptions to rules , and the rule , `` the more you pay , the more you get '' is the exception to the rule for this web camera . After getting it , I had difficulty in getting the software to load but eventually had success . I was very disappointed in the video quality . There seemed to be a lot of noise in the picture , and tweaking gave no improvement . I returned it to Amazon and took a lose in the return shipping cost , but considered it worth it just to get the price of the camera back . Amazon lived up to their part and refunded the price paid -LRB- less return shipment -RRB- with no hassle .
 I am not satisfied with this Creative Webcam Live ! Motion - Titanium . I bought this even of the higher cost because I thought it should be the best . However , the authomatic sensor is junk and the headphone is broken . The tracking device is not very good because each time I moved the captured picture would blur and freeze . The pant and tilt control is a pain . Although it works well with Yahoo messenger , as a buyer , you should consider spending time reading other reviews of a procuct that you are interested . Higher price does not mean good product .
 Used it some on my original Canon but it does not fit my newer one
 I bought the converter since I wanted to use it for landscape photography . I took some test shots and discovered that the converter has an unacceptable amount of barrel distorion . If you are thinking about buying this product just be aware that you will have to correct your images through software after you take them .
 I purchased this wide angle lens for my digital camera . When I was experimenting with it taking photos inside my house , there was a dark shadow in the lower right hand portion of the photo . When I took a photo outside , there was no shadow . I went to my local camera shop to ask for help in this matter and he said I would need to adjust the white balance according to the light in the room , but he said , in reality , ` these digital cameras are really not meant for attachments ' . I did experiment with the light balance , but still had no luck in getting that dark area to disappear.The flash on the camera is not strong enough to compensate for the area the lens blocks . I returned the product .
 Bought this to clean our wii because other people said this worked for theirs . This does n't work for our wii . Spend a little more and buy a product made especially for your wii . Waste of money for us . Do n't know how it works in other devices .
 . . what does bother me is the complete lack of directions for using the product , even on the company 's website!The problem was I 'd get the ` Open Tray ' message on my Xbox 360 with a disc inserted . It would not do this all of the time ... maybe every other time I turned it on . Tried this cleaner disc ... went through all of the tracks , it failed on one track , number 3 -LRB- tried it again , same result -RRB- . Does that track have any significance ? Now , my Xbox 360 drive works far less than 50/50 . I know this is n't an exact science , but some kind of directions are 100 % necessary on a cleaning utility like this one . Sorry , I ca n't recommend this product unless it 's a last-ditch effort where the optical device is completely malfunctioning .
 Wow ... i bought this because the cd player in my 2002 ford taurus was skipping ocasionally . Well ... after using this product , every disc i put in gets kicked back out and the screen reads BAD . What a rip off ... I guess the positive is now I dont have an excuse not to by a new CD player
 On the disc and on the back cover in small print is ... `` Do not use with Blu-ray or Playstation 3 systems . `` It seems the brushes can re-adjust the mirrors in the DVD player.I did try it on my CD player which likes to skip around . The CleanDr did not help .
 DVD player 's working okay , but sometimes skips a lot on particular discs . I bought this to clean it , figuring that was the problem . DVD player wo n't read disc . Waste of money . Do n't buy it .
 tOTALLY USELESS PRODUCT . dONT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED CASH . I tried it on two mDVD players , wasnt worth it ! I wouldnt recommend this to anyone !
 I returned this because it didnt work at all . Nothing ever even came up ! Tried everything finally gave up , boxed it and returned it .
 It was $ 79.00 . It 's now $ 7.89 . Need I say more ? My DVD player showed no improvement and continued to freeze up .
 I should have saved my money . My interest was in seeing if cleaning the CD player 's lens would make the player functional again . The problem with this product is that the player needs to be able to recognize and play this CD in order to use its cleaning function . Listen to the instructions then , `` play track 6 to clean your lens . '' This product may work as a housekeeping tool , but it 's certainly not a recovery tool .
 The lens cleaning brushes are covered with a very aggressively sticky label which you need to remove , and although I did this with the utmost care , it effectively destroyed the little brushes , taking about half of them with it . I returned it without trying the -LRB- now defective -RRB- disk .
 This disc does n't work for the wii . After attempting to use it in our wii and it did n't work , I thought maybe it would be something with the wii system since it was n't working anyways , but no it would n't even work in our Ps3 either . Waste of money and time .
 DVD cleaner is not working with my Toshiba player , the one star is only for the not so slow shipping -LRB- 5 days for free -RRB- . Do n't try this cleaner if you do n't want to get frustrated and do n't want to waste time and money .
 The cleaner disk was completely ineffective in my CD player . I repeated the process over a dozen times to see if there would be a gradual improvement . There was n't . Perhaps my player is simply too far gone for a product like this to be helpful .
 ... was really looking forward to seeing the results over my convoluted mac dvd player . Wondering if I 'm missing something . Slipped it in the player , played all tracks & when I played the DVD , still had SKIPPING OVER DAMAGED AREA caption ... very disappointed.With ALL the excellent comments , I feel maybe I have a bad cleaner but was in a plastic wrapped package ... someone tell me what I 'm doing wrong ???
 This product does absolutely nothing . It takes about 15 minutes to play , and there is no menu and no visible video cues . There is just an audio track in three languages . Apparently the `` cyclone cleaning '' takes less than half a minute , at the very end of the cleaning disc . There is no way toadvance to the recommended cleaning track . And once you have `` cleaned '' the laser lens , guess what ? Nothing . It does n't improve any problems at all.The DVDs that were playing o.k. continue to play just fine . The DVDs that had problems of skipping and drop-out continue to have the same problems.I ca n't see where this device did anything whatsoever . In my opinion , a total waste of money , and a con . You may as well wave a wand over your DVD machine and ask it to `` Please get better , somehow , by magic . '' What a piece of crud .
 There seems to be two types of people who buy this
 This disc failed to bring back the video in my 4-year-old portable DVD player , with its CD audio unaffected , even after repeated run . Worse , it completely disabled the Read/Write capability of the Internal DVD/CD Rewriter Drive of my SONY VAIO desktop PC with Windows XP after just one run . My Computer simply could not recognize any disc inserted into the Drive thereafter . even if the PC System 's Device Manager under Hardware indicated no conflict with the Drive and was working properly . I had to replace the damaged Rewriter Drive with a brand new one . I never dared to use the disc again on my 5 other DVD/CD players .
 I purchased this product to clean the lens of the WII-the product misinformed about what it can be used for . It was not compatible for the WII , even though on-line it said it could . Very disappointed . Please check thoroughly about compatibility before purchasing .
 To make it short - this product did nothing - period . Disc was supposed to play on insertion , but we got a ` paused ' bar over our blank screen . When we hit ` play ' we got about 5 min . of commercial -LRB- in 3 languages -RRB- telling what a great product it is -LRB- still no vid of any kind -RRB- . Then it says to go to another ` level ' , but there is no video or any audio of any kind to tell you how to get there . If you leave it alone after that , it does nothing but provide you with your blank dvd player screen.Screwed again ... stay away from this one !
 There should be a warning in BIG LETTERS that you ca n't use this product on BluRay DVD players . a Waste of money for me .
 I wish I 'd read a little further into the reviews ... a recent review said that it had worked in the wii -LRB- in addition to a number of other devices -RRB- , so I bought it for my kids ' wii . It did not work at all , so then I read earlier reviews , all of which said it does n't work for the wii .
 There is a small one line warning on the back of the dvd jacket . `` Warning
 I used this as directed and it had absolutely no effect on performance of my cd player . Waste of time and money .
 Yes , it might be specifically made to cover your D200 with a 18-200mm lens , but it is n't much more than a $ 50 + dust cover . I 'm gon na see what LowePro can do for me , or someone else . This is just cheap , custom fit vinyl for this exclusive Nikon size . Works rather awkwardly with the Nikon strap , just hangs there . You can do better than this ! I would not waste my money .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS USELESS ITEM , the Nikon CF-D200 Camera Case ! It barely offers ANY protection whatsoever , it has weird flaps that do not secure the camera well , and last but not least it has no carry strap , nor any method for attaching one . The ONLY thing this piece of garbage is good for is to ` somewhat protect ' your camera while it is sitting in storage in a closet or wherever . THIS IS THE MOST USELESS AND DISAPPOINTING CAMERA CASE I HAVE EVER RUN ACROSS IN MY LIFE . SHAME on Nikon for turning out / placing their good name on such a piece of garbage . And to top this all off , the case was shipped to me from FOCUS CAMERA in BROOKLYN , NEW YORK , and the Nikon Case Box was SMASHED as though someone had crushed it beneath their feet . However , the outer shipping box was PRISTINE , so the Nikon box was ALREADY SEVERELY DAMAGED BEFORE BEING PACKAGED in the OUTER BOX . BUYERS BEWARE -- YOU MAY NOT WANT TO DO YOUR BUSINESS WITH FOCUS CAMERA OF BROOKLYN , NEW YORK ! Someone there is a GORILLA ! I would give this Nikon camera case a ' 0 ' rating but alas Amazon.com does not offer such a rating . BOO and HISS on this waste of my $ 60.00 . DO NOT BUY THIS NIKON CF-D200 case as you can find other much more satisfactory generic cases ELSEWHERE .
 Unless you are an electrical engineer , do not purchase this with the intent to self-install it in a Chrysler product with a one-wire lock/unlock system . After about a week and half of trying to install it myself -LRB- with 2 calls to Audiovox 's technical support people -RRB- , I finally had to take it to a professional . To make it work , the professional had to add another part -LRB- at a cost of $ 57.00 -RRB- . The final insult is that to make the system unlock all doors you have to -LRB- 1 -RRB- press the unlock button , -LRB- 2 -RRB- wait until the driver 's door unlocks , and -LRB- 3 -RRB- exactly 3 seconds after the driver 's door unlocks , press the unlock button a second time . Failure to follow this procedure exactly results in extreme frustration -LRB- but not unlocked doors -RRB- .
 I order two and thought I got an excellent price.The Audiovox AA925 is advertised as a Security and Remote Start System.It is wrongly described and does not have these features.The instructions only described setting up the keyless entry.There were no directions or wires for the remote start and security features.I called Audiovox technical support , in order to pick their brains.The technician confirmed that it ONLY was capable of these features.I asked him `` please explain exactly what you mean by capable '' ? He explained those features only work with optionally purchased controllers.The controller for the remote start was another $ 70.00 add on.I did n't ask about the security one , since I was only interested in remote start.I recently returned them to Amazon for a full refund , since they were mis-represented . So be advised
 I gave this a 2 only because the information in it is good . The problem is , it 's basically a narration of a PowerPoint presentation . If it were under $ 10 I might not feel so bad about buying it . But for $ 24.95 , I feel like I WAY overspent for it .
 Do not be fooled by the packaging ! The packaging has a sticker on it which clearly states `` Now Compatible with
 Just as a data point to back up another reviewer , this Pelican Multi-Tap did NOT work with my new -LRB- as in , bought it October 2006 -RRB- Slimline PStwo , despite a very clear label indicating that it now supports that model . In fact , it does n't work * at all * . The PStwo either does n't turn on at all , or it stays on , does n't turn off , and does n't do anything - no game load , no system browser , * nothing * . It looks like Pelican has discontinued the product -LRB- I could n't find it on their website -RRB- , and there is a clear reason . Do n't buy this if you have a Slimline PStwo , period !
 It did n't work for all of my PS2 games that supported multitap . I have the PS2 slim version , and I found that I have to unplug and replug the multitap to get 4 players to work for Hot Shots Golf Fore , and it just did n't work at all for Smash Court Pro Tournament 2 . I 'm probably not going to buy any other multiplayer games for the PS2 from now on .
 Part sent is TOY-K975 which does not have any part that even closely resembles the parts pictured .
 My DRT400 worked beautifully for one day . Then , on day two , its front panel said `` WELCOME '' and that is where it stayed . Humax tech support was unable to help , so they are sending me a new unit -LRB- while putting a $ 400 hold on my credit card . -RRB- It will arrive in 5 to 7 business days.That is NOT my idea of good customer service.It is also INSANE to require the use of a land line telephone connection -LRB- which I do not have -RRB- when the unit contains networking components . It SHOULD offer to connect to WiFi right out of the box !
 When we first got TiVo on the Humax unit I was so excited to be able to ditch my VCR and all that worry about programs rescheduling etc. . But my excitement quickly cooled when time and time again , the record to DVD function did n't work . `` Internal error '' to me meant something was wrong with the unit so I sent it back to Humax -LRB- with a $ 400 hold on my credit card waiting for the replacement -RRB- . This was three days into my TiVo membership . Same problem occurred with second unit . Returned that one . Finally , frustrated with the fact that I 'd enjoy about 10 minutes of my TiVo in the first three weeks of having it , I caromed back and forth between TiVo and Humax customer service -LRB- which holds very limited hours btw -RRB- and hit my limit when a Humax customer rep told me my DVDs were n't `` fresh '' enough -LRB- !? -RRB- . Now I realize that that Humax likes some DVD-R brands -LRB- Sony , TDK , Verbatim and Imation -RRB- and spits out others , I can go on and enjoy my service . But Humax needs to be upfront with people about this limitation on an otherwise fine machine .
 After analyzing the differences between Comcast DVR and TiVo , we decided a TiVo purchase would be best . And since we have a lot of VHS tapes that we want to save , the combo DVD-R was a great feature.The setup was easy , it ran fine , but it had a whirring / clicking noise - the fan was not spinning , although it was moving back and forth slightly , and this was the cause of the noise . Called Humax tech support , they said to return it.Got my next one from Circuit City . After running fine for about 15 minutes , the same problems with the fan happened . Called Humax Tech support , again nothing to do but return it.Went back to the store for one last try , but had them plug it in at the store so I did not have to bother hooking it up to my entertainment center . Same problem . Called tech support , and they offered to give me an address to write a letter of complaint.Needless to say , I returned the product , never to buy from Humax again . A great product concept spoiled by poor quality .
 I purchased one of these units as my first foray into the TiVo world when my 15 year-old VCR started to die . I figured 40 hours seemed like a lot of TV to watch , and if I managed to get close to filling it I could download video to a DVD-RW and use those just like I used to use video tapes.Alas , the `` gotchas '' were too much for me :1 -RRB- Video quality on the TiVo has 4 ranges
 This gets one star because there is no lower ranking . Do n't buy a Humax product unless you like paying new prices for used , rebuilt junk . Their new unit comes not working out of the box . The company sends you a rebuilt , used unit to replace your new unit that did n't work . When you object to paying new prices for used equipment , they just blow you off . Too much hassle . This company ca n't last long .
 I have had a Sony 3000 Tivo since 2002 and decided to buy this unit because I could burn DVDs on it . After paying 400 for the unit , and 300 for Tivo lifetime service I was happy because things were working great , until I started having problems with the DVD burner . I was pretty happy because I was still under warrenty and after paying 50 dollars for a refurbished unit I was back in business - although it was inconvienent to be without the TIVO for weeks for them to turn it around , but the customer service center was friendly enough . Well now I am a little over 3 months into the refurbished unit and after several phone calls to the service department , this unit is defective . . and they want me to pay $ 210 dollars for another unit.Basically , I have paid $ 750 dollars for a year of Tivo and DVD burning and I do n't feel that I should have to pay another penny to Humax to replace the unit . . but I am not in a good position . Basically Humax does n't care , and TIVO will not transfer the lifetime service over to another unit regardless of Humax 's poor equipment . -LRB- I was wanting to buy a 99 dollar box from Tivo and transfer service - but they will not do it -RRB- . So . . I am out a bunch of money for a few DVDs . I LOVE Tivo , but honestly after this experience I think that leasing a DVR from my cable company is a safer route for me to go and my pride will not allow me to buy another lifetime service contract from TIVO -LRB- although I see they do n't sell them anymore , so maybe that is not even an option . -RRB- If I had to do this all over again ... I WOULD NEVER SPEND ONE PENNY ON A HUMAX PRODUCT and I would recommend that you save your money as well by avoiding this product . It may seem to work great at first , but after going through two units in less than 18 months , I can tell you that you are flushing money down the toilet .
 Bought this in October as an early Christmas gift . I activated lifetime Tivo in mid-November . I went to install it and after 5 hours on the phone with tech support -LRB- they do get 5 stars for being there 24 hours a day -RRB- , they finally had me send it back . They wanted me to give them my credit card info so they could send out a new one the next day , or I could send in my defective one and once they got it , they would send out a new one `` within 24 hours '' . I decided to opt for sending back without my credit card info . Sent the unit back and they received it December 1st . On the 10th of December , I called -- what a suprise when they could n't find any tracking number for my unit . I then called back on the 14th -- and I got some run around story about how the warehouse misplaced my new unit . When they finally did get the tracking number -LRB- and yes , I had to call them for it -RRB- , they had used my street address and the zip code to another city . So , of course that delayed it even more . The new unit finally arrived December 22nd . With the holidays , I never got a chance to install it until the 29th of December ... and GUESS what ?? You got it ! It was a defective unit AGAIN -- the clue for me was that there was a big `` REFURBISHED '' tag across the box . I did n't buy refurbished -- I bought this NEW . So , here we go again . I have now sent the unit back after a heated discussion with their customer service department . They PROMISED me that I would have a new unit by January 8th ... yes , on January 10th I called AGAIN to ask where the heck my unit was ... well , here 's a kicker
 I have never written a review like this before but we have had so many problems with this product that i feel i should warn people . We have been through 3 boxes and still do not have one that works . The first worked for about 2 months before the dvd writer died . The other 2 boxes did n't work at all . Unfortunately the warranty does n't last long -LRB- i think it was 2 months or something -RRB- . So we had to pay for a replacement . So if you buy this product , i hope you have time to spend hours on the the phone trying to get a replacement and i hope you do n't mind having weeks where you have no box to use -LRB- while you are still paying for the tivo service -RRB- . And by the way , the support from Humax has been awful !
 Purchased DRT400 in December 2005 , within 9 months the unit failed . It was within the warranty period and we went through the same process described by other reviewers , charge to your credit card , returned the defective box , and received a REFURBISHED unit for $ 50 . The refurbished unit failed within the first 2 weeks . Received second refurbished unit and it failed the first day . At this point , we demanded that we receive a NEW unit but Humax sent another refurbished unit . We refused delivery from UPS and it was sent back to Humax . Apparently Humax moved their warehouse during December 2006 so it took about 4 weeks for the new unit to ship . We were going to be out of town for the holidays , so I gave them a time frame of when NOT to ship the unit . They shipped it anyway and it sat on my front porch for 1 week . Thankfully it was still there when we returned . New unit worked for 9 months and failed . Even though the unit was NEW it was also a replacement and it only carries a 90-day warranty . Now they want $ 290 for a REFURBISHED replacement unit . I have kept a log of all the problems , calls , etc. and I asked to speak with a manager to express my frustration and to understand the lack of quality in their product . Going on 3 weeks of phone calls trying to get the unit replaced or the purchase price refunded and they can have the machine . I 'm told that I 'll hear from their corporate office within 72 hours -- never happened . Called back , I 'll hear back in 2 days , did n't happen . On the current issue
 This charger is terrible . When I bought this it was the iPad 4 one that was GUARANTEED TO WORK but mine did n't work . I emailed boxwave twice and they have not replied and its been four or five days . Do n't buy unless you want to waste your money . It 's a waste .
 I 've had 2 of these . They work ok for a couple of months , then they just stop working . I like the system as a basic depth finder , but man , if I have to buy one of these every couple of months it 's just not worth it .
 Couldn ` at be worse , did not get even one decent copy from this . No ink in it , never go with compatible
 Three laptops .5 service depot repairs in the first six months.Three system board replacements.One laptop not fully functional on day one.Buy extra hard drive if you have a fleet ; parts shortage delayed a repair to 30 days.What 's the point of a lightweight laptop if you need to send a spare with your users ` just in case ' another failure occurs ?
 Toshiba may make good products , but their support is the worst i have ever come across . They have lost my laptop for over a month now and do not care a lick about it . They 're tech support team is in Turkey and they dont care a thing about anybody . They kept hanging up on me and refused to help me saying it will take some time . When i called back - no one knew anything and had zero updates . DO NOT BUY TOSHIBA PRODUCTS ! Get a Gateway or Dell instead ... two companies that actually care about their customers .
 It prints fast once the paper feeds , but it rarely feeds correctly the first time . End result is that it does n't start printing until 10 seconds after I get started . It also flys through the ink . Black cart is good for only 100 pages or so.I was utterly disappointed .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRINTER AFTER A LOT OF RESEARCH AND WAS DISAPPOINTED . THE BLACK PRINT QUALITY IS TERRIBLE . IT LOOKS SMUDGY , LIKE SPLATTERED PAINT . FED EX WAS UNABLE TO SCAN THE BARCODES ON THE INTERNET SHIP LABELS I CREATED ONLINE AND PRINTED WITH THE F20 . MY OLD CANON PRINTER THAT I BOUGHT BACK IN 1997 HAD MUCH HIGHER QUALITY BLACK PRINT . I JUST WISH SOMEONE HAD WARNED ME ABOUT THIS . I CHOSE THIS PRINTER BECAUSE IT HAD THE FEATURES I NEEDED FOR A REASONABLE PRICE . I HAD A REGULAR CANON PRINTER BEFORE , AND AFTER READING ABOUT HP 'S PAPER JAMS AND EPSON 'S COMPATIBILITY PROBLEM WITH AOL EMAIL , I DECIDED TO STICK TO THE BRAND I KNEW . I CONTACTED TECH SUPPORT AFTER SEVERAL PRINT TESTS & CLEANING CYCLES , THEY REFERRED ME TO A LOCAL AUTHORIZED SERVICE CENTER . THE SERVICE CENTER REPLACED THE PRINTHEAD . THE BLACK PRINT LOOKS A LITTLE BETTER , BUT IS STILL SMUDGY . THE ONLY WAY TO GET A CLEAR PRINT IS TO CHOOSE THE HIGH RESOLUTION PAPER SETTING , WHICH TAKES MORE TIME TO PRINT AND USES UP MORE INK . EVEN THE HIGH QUALITY PRINT SETTING IS A LITTLE SMUDGY , AND ALSO TAKES UP MORE TIME AND INK . ANOTHER THING TO CONSIDER IS THAT THE PRINTER HAS A LOUD CLICKING NOISE . IT REMINDS ME OF THE SOUND MY CAR 'S CD PLAYER MAKES WHEN I TRY TO EJECT A CD THAT IS STUCK . THE CANON TECH REP SAID THIS CLICKING NOISE IS NORMAL . ALSO , I WAS DISAPPOINTED TO LEARN THAT THE PRINTER DOES NOT HAVE A SETTING UNDER PAPER TYPE FOR CARDSTOCK PAPER , AS I OFTEN MAKE MY OWN GREETING CARDS .
 I could n't get this to work with my Windows ME . Canon tech support was polite but very ineffectual . They tried to blame the problem on everything but their own product . You also have to call Canon on your own dime . All I got from buying this product was a long distance phone bill , the run around , and a headache .
 Camera seemed to be ok on the outside , but when I went to put the batteries in a piece of the camera broke off .
 After doing research at Canon 's website , Canon says this product number is the direct interface cable for USB connection to a PC . When the product arrived , although it is marked with the product ID number I was expecting , there was obviously no USB connector on the end of it . Looking at the cable , I can see that it connects to the camera , but I can not identify what kind of device connects to the other end of it - it is a very strange and fairly large connector - not USB for sure !
 plastic is broke an i cant install it right now so now i have to order a new on just so i can install my stereo the right way thanks for a piece of junk
 I never even got it I paid extra and the only thing i recived was a final notice and it was being sent back .
 I purchased the iTalk to record my shows so I could send them on the internet , but I had alot of problems with my iPod that were all started by the purchase of my iTalk . Suddenly music was n't fully playing , I had to restore my iPod to factory settings and import my music multiple times before I got it working again , when I finally got everything working , I used my iTalk to record a show and as soon as I got home and plugged it in , the troubles started again
 This thing records well . I can put it in the floor in the middle of a circle of students about 10ft in diameter and have a recording good enough to grade them from . However , it does n't always work . It tends to lock up my iPod and require me to do a reset . It locked my iPod today , and the ` pod wo n't reset . So I have to send the iPod back to Apple . This is with a carefully updated and maintained iPod . I 've written to Griffin about the lock-up problem and have received no reply after six weeks .
 While it worked , I loved it . For recording personal memos it was great . Unfortunately the record button broke within two months , so it has no longevity .
 I found this recorder hard to use ! I have to stick this device on to my ipod -LRB- 3rd generation -RRB- ten times to get it to work . I also found that if the ipod is connected to power supply then this recorder can be recognized more easily than without . My ipod sometimes became weird after connecting with this recorder . I have this recorder for over one year and I hardly use it just because I can not get it to work . I would not recommend it !
 Get the Belkin mic , which is much better . The microphone on this one is low-level , playback is buzzed-out , awful . And if you use the jack -- which is why I bought it , so I could record my phone interviews for my journalism work -- it 's even worse . I give it one star for the * idea * of having a mic jack in the first place -- to my knowledge , this item is the only one to have it .
 I got an Ipod and Italk for school work and was immediatly disappointed with the sound recording and playback quality , especially if the italk is not plugged in ` just so ' . The italk definately does not behave as though it has been made for the Ipod , when you plug it into the top it seems haphazardly placed even when it is there correctly , so it is hard to tell if you do n't have it in all of the way.When you playback something you 've recorded you get half static , half what you recorded , it 's a worse recording than if I had used a 1990 's style childs tape recorder and microphone.And finally , the most obviously annoying aspect of this piece of junk , the slightest bit of pressure pushing horizontally against the italk will cause it to break off . No , not come unplugged , break off.So I now have a $ 30 piece of plastic and wire . And after seeing the innards of this lovely ipod creation , I understand how it is that Apple is making so much money on its Ipod line of accessories -LRB- apart from nothing but the headphones being universally interchangable with any other product -RRB- ; this contraption could not have cost more than five dollars to make , the wires and plastics inside of the italk are remniscent of maybe a McDonalds toy , the kind you get for free in your Happy meal.In fact , maybe I 'll head down to McDonalds now and get one of the little Star Wars lights they 're putting in happy meals nowdays and use it for parts to fix my broken italk ... if I just had a soldering gun ...
 This is the second Griffin product I bought for my iPod that I think is just plain garbage . The first was the FM transmitter which performed poorly in Chicago area.The iTalk is just as bad . The microphone has awful pickup and the recorded sound is pratically unintelligble ... Do n't waste your money on this . If you need a voice recoder I would try a different brand ... Worthless .
 Love the airplay . Works great and easy to use . Did n't have to install any software-it 's just a plug in and enjoy . Very nice-not as much static . Great !
 `` What versions of iPod will iTalk work with?Apple 3rd Generation iPod , 4th Generation iPod , and iPod Photo.The iTalk is not compatible with the original 1st and 2nd Generation iPods or the iPod Mini . -LRB- iPod mini firmware does not support ` any ' voice recorder - therefore iTalk is not currently compatible -RRB- -LSB- The quote above is from the griffentechnology.com site . -RSB- ?! I had this gifted to me only to discover via a connection notification on the iPod screen that the device was n't compatible with my iPod mini.So , please be forewarned ! Check ! Nay , double-check that you will be able to use this recorder with your iPod.I do apologize . But at this time I can not rate on the positive side for I 've not been able to use iTalk -LRB- obviously -RRB- at all . Again , this serves merely as a warning more than any meritable review .
 I was looking forward to this product . However , it was not new as I think it was supposed to be . It appeared to be old and had scratches on it . I do not suppose that this would have been the case if I had bought the same product from the store itself .
 I WANT MY MONEY BACK OR THE PRODUCT SENT TO ME IMMEDIATELY - THERE IS NO PHONE NUMBER , OR CUSTOMER SERVICE TO SPEAK OF.I SENT SEVERAL E MAILS AND HAVE HAD NO RESPONSE EXCEPT FOR AN E MAIL ASKING ME TO REVIEW THE PRODUCT
 it seems there is no point to buying this since it is 32 dollars and the quality of the recording is not that great . although apple says most of the stuff they make is for recording and what not , there are critical flaws usually . for instance , i play drums in a band and when shopping for a new computer , i kept recording in mind . my dad bought a mac mini as a birthday gift and i figured i could bring it in my basement where my band practices -LRB- where my drums are located -RRB- . well the thing is it didnt have a mic port XD . and you have to buy something from griffin to be able to use a mic . what is that . well ive come across the conclusion of just buying a digital voice recorder for 29.99
 I was using the iTalk to record my classes until I realized that my 50 minute files only have about 30 minutes of actual audio content . Although iTunes reports a file being 50 minutes long , it plays for only 30 minutes with random jumps in the middle leaving out large portions of the lectures.Sigh . All those wasted recordings .
 Out of the box , my iTalk would not record , giving me a `` Microphone is not attached '' error . When I was able to get it to record about one out of every fifteen times , it did so at half the bitrate that the iPod is capable of.I would be a little nicer to a product that was not given the good graces of Apple -LRB- Griffin is essentially a child company of Apple , and they added the firmware to use the iTalk within the standard iPod firmware . -RRB- Given all of that , I would have to say that the shoddy construction , bad software , and intentional crippling makes this not worth the price .
 iTalk plugs into the iPod very nicely , and the concept is great.The bug I found was that in the middle of playing a playlist of songs using the speaker , the iTalk randomly switches over to recording mode from play mode . There is no setting to change this.I checked the manual for help -LRB- it is just a 7 pages in total and no valuable info , just a namesake manual -RRB- . I checked the FAQ , which is just 3 questions in total and my issue is not covered there.So then I looked all over the Griffin website for a telephone number or email to contact the support , there is nothing of the sort.So here I am left with a faulty device . Therefore I would not reccommend this device .
 I was very disappointed that this product was not compatible with my iPod 30 that I recently bought . There are two plug-ins on the device - one plugs into the headphone port . The other , I do n't know . There was nothing on the iPod for the other little hickey to plug into . So I sent it back.I have a friend who has one and loves it . She must have an older iPod .
 This is okay as long as you do n't need decent quality recordings , but if you expect ANY level of audio quality , look elsewhere . The volume of the voice memos is so terribly low that even at full playback volume , I have to strain to hear them . I read another review that said the iTalk picks up sounds clearly from across a large room , but nothing could be further from the truth . Unless you hold your iPod directly up to what you want to record , it picks up virtually nothing . The external mic jack is nice , but if I plug my headphones into it , the playback quality is dreadful even on existing songs & whatnot . There is excessive hissing and background noise on each recording too , and the sound volume is erratic . Even it I record via Line-in , it still snaps , crackles & pops till the cows come home.Bottom line - it 's just really bad . Save your money .
 Every recording I have made with my italk has a quiet distorted hiss in the background , which to me is unacceptable . I have an iriver 256 Mb mp3 player that came with a microphone built in that makes much better recordings than the italk . I am better off recording on analog tape and digitizing it than using italk . This product is a waste of money because the sound quality is so poor .
 I have the newest iPod Photo and I plugged in the iTalk 5minutes after buying it and `` Nothing '' I returned it and got another one and plugged it in and `` Nothing '' . I finally got it to work after a series of `` plug it in '' `` unplug it '' after about the 20th try it came on and started recording . I kept it but it 's been inconsistent every since . It records when IT wants to . When it does record its of low quality . It has n't worked in like a month . As i sit here writing this i 've just finished spending the past hour of my life trying to get it to work . It has n't !! I 've sat in lectures and twenty minutes in i 'm still `` dicking '' around with my iTalk trying to get it to record !! Do n't waste your money !! The message I get when i plug it in is ; `` Can not record because there is no mic attached `` This iTalk is a piece of Crap !! I have the latest iPod and it does not work !! It 's a waste . I 'm sticking to my mini-disc recorder which has 100 times better sound quality than the iPod and has never let me down .
 The problem is that when it `` records '' you do n't know if it teally does.You only learn later -LRB- when playing the `` recorded audio '' -RRB- that it did not record -LRB- or it did record -RRB- and this is no good -LRB- waisted time -RRB- . I would n't recommend this product .
 It cooked my iPod Classic . Apparently it really does n't like anything other than 5th Gen iPods.A Best Buy representative sold me an iTalk Pro and an 80GB iPod Classic as a way to record my DJ mixes and music made on my drum machine . It never worked right , and eventually committed seppuku . First , my recordings would be either too low to hear , so loud that clipping occurred every other second , or filled with noise . A direct line recording from my line out would be stuttered and useless . I never got a good recording from this device . Both the microphone and line in jack would record at the same time , filling my clean line recordings with noise from the mic . Finally , after just a few days , the iPod borked out . When I took it back to Best Buy , it was still clicking and flashing . It would n't even respond to a hard reset.Beware this product . It killed my iPod .
 this italk does n't work ! it worked for about a minute , and since then , the ipod either wo n't record because it states that there is no microphone or it claims to record and you do n't hear anything . do n't bother .
 I got this as a closeout for $ 9.99 . That 's all it 's worth.More of a toy than a serious digital voice recorder.They need to put a little quality in the microphone .
 as far as using the ipod as a recorder I think an actual digital recorder would get better sound . The italk picks up all ambient sound . I have even used it with an external mic and still not wowed with the clarity .
 I specifically checked photos in additon to the model name and number when shopping for this product because I wanted to make sure I got the correct model ... a slightly older one that is compatible with my iPod and sits ON TOP of the iPod.The model number and pictures displayed by the retailer indicated I had was ordering the correct model.However , the newer model was sent and it is not what I ordered . Assuming the retailer knew its products well and shipped one that was compatiable with the same iPods as the one I ordered , I tested the product . It does NOT work with my iPod.And I assume I can not return it because I opened it . These retailers really need to get their product descriptions and photos correct . I hope that Amazon begins to institute stricter conditions for retailers who want the benefits of Amazon 's distribution and customer base.I love the ease of ordering through Amazon ... and , even if the price is slightly higher via the Amazon retailer , I will purchase a product via Amazon because of that convenience . This is , however , the second time I have been mislead by a retailer represented in the Amazon marketplace .
 this 50 dollar -LRB- after taxes s/h etc. . . -RRB- piece of cheap garbage is a big waist of money . distorts even if just recording your own voice talking . griffen advertises that you can use this product to record song ideas . tried that . all i hear is a muffled distorted version of what i played . the sounds quality is horrible . i get better quality recordings on my pocked pc 's built in mic . bottom line ... . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!! you will feel ripped off ... i certainly do . i 'd give the iTalk negative stars if i could .
 I bought the italk knowing of its limitations , but thought it would be a cool way to have digital voice recording capability without buying a digital recorder . I tested at home , and it worked fine . The microphone is very low , so you still need your headphones or speakers to play back , but I was ok with that.Here is the big problem , and the reason I gave it only 2 stars
 I 've had some success with the iTalk , but much more frequently run into failures ... undated & corrupted recordings , can not playback recordings , etc. I have put this through the ringer at many a lunch meeting & would not recommend this product . You will regret missing the action items from THE meeting that you had to capture when this thing lets you down ... and it will .
 The italk recorder works best within 12 '' . The microphone is n't very sensitive . The recorder actually begins recording , 2 seconds after the red light comes on . Forget about what the manufacturer claims about using the italk as a speaker for audiobooks , you would have to hold the ipod up to your ear to use it . The recorder is just a recorder , and is only a fair recorder .
 I sent this back for a refund because it does not hook up with 5th generation iPod . .
 I owned the belkin voice recorder then somehow lost it and then I saw ads for the iTalk . Since I owned the iTrip and was happy with it , I thought this was a blessing in disguise . I 'm a college student and record my lectures , for the most part the Belkin voice recorder worked well but the iTalk claimed to have auto gain control etc. . I 'm buying another Belkin . I 've recorder a week of lectures already and not a single one has come out with the iTalk . I know it 's not the lecture halls because the Belkin voice recorder worked just fine . I do n't know where to even begin about how bad the iTalk has worked so far . All my lectures sound like the beach . I can not hear any voices at all . Just hours and hours of horrible background noise . It obviously does not work for lectures as claimed . Go with Belkin for once
 Despite Amazon 's product description that indicated this product would work with the i-pod nano , it will not .
 I have an old stereo system so maybe that had something to do with it , but I could n't place these speakers anywhere without getting static . Plus , because my system is old I had to use the headphone adaptor which then made my wired speakers not work . I had planned on having my music in all rooms but not with these speakers . I returned them and gave up on trying to make my 1980 's technology work . I 'm saving for an ipod !
 I purchased the Acoustic wireless speakers so that I would not have to run wires throughout my home . The speakers are supose to operate UP TO 300 feet away from the source . As long as they were in the same room they seemed to work just fine , but move they to another room and they sounded terrible . Then after about a week the whole system failed . I sent the system back for a refund . I guess this is what I should expect from a product made in China.Alan
 We bought two pair of these for Christmas , also my sister bought a pair , and my neice bought a pair . CAUTION ! They do NOT hook up to surround sound systems . -LRB- At least in our four different systems -RRB- . You MUST use a ` line out ' output jack and therefore do NOT have volume control except manually at each individual speaker . When you adjust volume or mute DVD , these speakers retain volume level set at each individual speaker . They will work well for remote audio only speakers , like outside to a deck , but not surround sound .
 Their Customer Service rep refused to say approx . how many hours of music 16 alkaline batteries would provide . -LRB- If you want to use rechargeable batteries , the speakers must be plugged in to wall outlets with the AC adaptors provided - but then , of course , the speakers are not wireless . -RRB- In addition , the sound quality is very poor compared to wired speakers of lesser or equal cost.Having wired speakers is a minor inconvenience compared to the expense and bother of constantly replacing 16 batteries .
 This product performed poorly and needs improvement before they sell it . Here is my story . Based on the description and the rating , I bought a set and connected to my CD player in my family room . Everything was set up in one room and no obstacles in between the transmitter and the wireless speakers . When I started playing CDs , one wireless speaker kept making a hissing sound even when I turned the volume very low . The other wireless speaker kept losing signals , so it had sound for a while and then losing it , and doing this continuously . So , I had to return the product .
 Bought the AW-871 speakers for my parents as a holiday gift . Set them up the night they were delivered . They worked fine for a few hours . NOW a WEEK later THEY DO NOT WORK and have to go through the hassle of returning them.I tried both of my parents 2 computers , my 2 computers and still DO NOT WORK.I will post another message with outcome of return/exchange . Can anyone recommend a good set from another company?Thanks !
 Spent the afternoon Trouble Shooting-spoke to 2 `` experts '' in Philipines that had no idea what they were doing-sent them back .
 Acoustic Research AW-871 Wireless Stereo SpeakersIt was easy to install , and the sound is good . I have a problem with a popping sound . Even when the stereo is off . One or both of the speakers will pop on and off , for no apparent reason .
 I bought these speakers to use on my outdoor patio -LRB- placed approximately 10 feet away from my Denon receiver - which is indoors -RRB- . The speakers did not emit any sound -LRB- other than static -RRB- . After speaking to other residents in my apartment building , I was told that wireless speakers do n't really work in New York City as there is too much interference given the buildings , etc. . Fortunately Amazon has a good return policy .
 Bought these speakers for work . They could pick up a signal -LRB- which is why I gave these 2 stars instead of 1 star -RRB- but no matter where I placed the speaker with respect to the transmitter , even inches away , there was very loud static that was extremely annoying . In the end I returned the speakers and went back to just using regular wired speakers -LRB- and a lot of speaker wire -RRB- .
 Loved the concept , to think that I could listen to listen to music in my art room was a cool idea . My husband hooked it up to our home entertainment system and it worked great for about 8 months until the transmiter fried and now does n't work . When I pay $ 100 + for something I expect more than one years ' usage ! Unfortunately I did n't buy it from amazon , so have no recourse . I have been looking to buy another antenna but ca n't find just that for sale anywhere . Oh well , good idea , crappy equipment !
 Poor sound quality due to ` static pops ' on the detached porch and the basement , the areas where I wanted the wireless speakers . Somewhat better sound in other indoor areas .
 Careful what you wish for . Cheap , but very difficult to tune with consistent sound . If you really want useable sound , invest in a high-end system or just hide your wires .
 I had purchased the AW-871 with the intention of broadcasting iTunes content to them from my computer . The wireless functionality is fine . I was broadcast a signal to the speakers at a range of 50 ' . However , the sound quality simply is n't there . They deliver washed out bass and a muddy midrange . I sent them back for a refund . For use with a computer I now believe the best solution is any high quality pair of wired speakers in combination with an AirPort Express Base Station . You 'll have your wireless cake and you can enjoy good sound quality as well . Try the Advent AV570 . Lots of power and beautiful sound reproduction .
 Even though my experience with wireless headphones were universally poor -- I once overheard my neighbor 's cell phone conversation while listening on wireless headphones -- I was very impressed by the plentiful good reviews for this product and decided to give it a try at Amazon 's wonderful low price . Amazon sells this product for up to $ 75 below the price stores ask.However , once I got it home , hooked it up and turned on my stereo , my experiences with this set of wireless speakers was an exact replay of my expereince with wireless headphones . I set these up as the rear surround speakers in my living room as part of on my 5.1 system , fixing the speakers only about 25 feet from the transmitter . Even in that brief distance with almost no physical block between them , the left speaker consistently spit out static . The rightt speaker played fine all the time but had an annoying tendency to click while the music was turned off.This is not what I had in mind for my home stereo ! I moved the speakers around -LRB- as far as the power cords would go , anyway -RRB- and re-situated them , trying to gain greater proximity to the transmitter . This did nothing to improve matters . The transmitter indicated the signal was strong , yet that left speaker continued it staticky way throughout my experiment.These speakers are easy to set up and easy to get working . You really do n't need the instructions if you 've had any experience with anything wireless . Still , I consulted the booklet to see if there was anything I was doing wrong . At one point I had the setting on both speakers at `` right '' , so I changed that . No change in the outcome . I also re-set the transmitter from `` 1 '' to `` 2 '' and even to `` 3 '' . No change . I moved the speakers again . No change . I consulted the booklet and listened again . Same thing.Perhaps my experience has something to do with my neighborhood , my home or my neighbors , but my experience was not nearly as good as those reported elsewhere on this page . On the plus side , these speakers sound pretty good for something that barely costs $ 100 and they are easy to use.They are portable and can be set up anywhere a power source is near or set up anywhere using battery power . The transmitter is supposed to be good up to 300 feet and I know the speakers in my house received the signal . I simply was not going to pay for a product that resulted in my SACD signal being converted to static.While the sound the speakers produced was pretty good for something so inexpensive , I was not impressed with them as surround sound speakers . With independent volume controls , they seem like just another set of speakers to me . Compared to the sound I get from my wired surround speakers in another room from my front three speakers , these did not sound much like surround speakers regardless of the amnount of fiddling I did with the volumer controls and transmitter.Even though this experiment was a failure at my house , I am grateful Amazon accepted my return ; not every company on the Web will take back electronics . I wish you better luck with this product than I had .
 I bought these from amazon , worked right of the box for about a week . Then the left speaker went out on me . When they were on , there was a distinctive hum that was quite annoying . I called their tech support and they sent me a new set after I sent me my old ones . Well , I have had them for about three days and the new left speaker crackled like it was busted . No matter what I tried , it still hae the crackle . I changed it to all three channels , nothing helped . Now that speaker wo n't turn on.Rated one star because a 0 is not an option .
 I purchased two sets of these through Amazon . They arrived and initially worked fine . They do not have the advertised range , but were OK for my application . You have to manually tune them every time you turn them on , but still , I was OK with them . Two speakers -LRB- one from each set -RRB- have now failed within two months . The customers service from Thompson , Inc. is horrible . You send the defective product back at your expense and wait and wait and wait ... I can not recommend this product based on my failures . They are fine when they work . Maybe I am just unlucky .
 I purchased these speakers from Amazon and immediately had problems with the charging of the batteries I purchased for them . the indicator lights on both speakers did n't work properly - then stopped working entirely . So , I have no idea if they are charging . This was one of the main reasons I purchased these speakers . When I called the manufacturer , I was referred to several different companies , including Audiovoxx , AB Tech Services , and Thompson , Inc. . I got no response from Thompson , surprisingly rude responses from AB Tech Services , and Audiovoxx kept referring me elsewhere , stating that they had nothing to do with these speakers . I finally called a number I was given and was told that the manufacturer of these speakers was Recoton and they had gone bankrupt due to their policy of `` giving lifetime warranty on their speakers . '' So , regardless of the quality of these speakers , I ca n't find anyone to take responsibility for their warranty or repair . Had I known this , I certainly would not have purchased these speakers . The quality of the speakers was good in the beginning . Now , I 've noticed a marked decrease in their clarity - especially at higher volume . I only use these inside and with my receiver set to `` flat '' mode , so the signal they are getting is very mild . I have also noticed that I get regular static regardless of what channel I am on . The distance of the speakers to the transmitter is between 6 and 22 feet - with no obstructions in between -LRB- no walls or anything -RRB- . If you are considering buying these speakers , please find someone who will honor their warranty first .
 As soon as I received the AR 871 wireless speaker system I plugged it in to check its operation . One of the speakers did not work so I called the customer service number that came with the the set . A new company called Thomson Inc. has taken over the warranty for Acoustic Research.Thomson Inc was willing to repair the unit under warranty , but that I had to pay for the return postage to them . `` NO WAY !!! '' , I said and returned the whole thing to Amazon.com for a full refund . That is the last time I will deal with Acoustic Research .
 Well I saw the mix bag of reviews on these speakers . I decided to gamble given I have no surround sound speakers and know hard wiring will be a pain . I think I got a defective transmitter because the only way I could get the blue light to light up on the transmitter is if I placed it right next to a speaker . But even then , the signal never caught , hence no auto-tuning , which means no sound . Oh well , I suggest if you are in my position and want true surround sound , suck it up , drill the holes and run the wire . Besides even if these were functional , I do n't I would be happy with the sound . Anyone who does have a decent receiver , knows full well that a line level output -LRB- off your tape or vcr RCA 's -RRB- as the directions/manual suggests is not surround sound . You have dedicated hard lines meant for speaker wires/banana plug inputs for speakers . Anyway , I 'm sending them back for a refund will be asking my wife 's permission to run the wire . It 's too bad they did look like nice speakers , a little big , but well made . Once again , you get what you pay for . If you can afford a good receiver and good front/center/subwoofer speakers , invest in the hard line for your surround and back channels . I should have done so a long time ago .
 Do not buy these . RUN ! If you want speakers that work , do n't buy these . They will just make static , and produce very little actual sound that you want from them . RUN AWAY !!!! : - -RRB-
 One of the speakers failed to power on right out of the box . This leads me to question the quality control for the product in general . I 'm not messing around with it any more . If it fails to even turn on , right out of the box - it goes back in the box and back to the retailer for a refund immediately . Obviously I can not rate this product as satisfactory in any way . If you enjoy wasting an hour of your time unpacking and hooking a piece of junk up - only to find it is defective , then this is the product for you .
 I had these speakers for about a year when they when out . I went to Best Buy and bought another pair . Here is what I found out . The speakers are fine . No problem with them . It was the power adapter that went out on the speakers . Within three hours , the power adapter went out again on of my speakers . I changed adapter with the other speaker that was working and it quit working . Within another hour , the second power adapter was gone . I took the pair that I bought from Best Buy back and now I 'm trying to figure out what I can do with the other pair of speakers . There should be laws against impostor , because that what these speakers are all about . Do n't buy these speakers .
 Although the basic product was well-rated , Amazon is shipping model AW-871 remote speakers with an AW-771 transmitter . The 771 transmitter will NOT drive the 871 speakers ; this is confirmed by my own experience -LRB- I bought three defective sets and received one defective `` replacement '' set -RRB- as well as by Acoustic Research , now Thompson Electronics . Amazon has agreed to accept return of the FOUR defective sets , but has been totally UN-helpful in providing the operational speakers I need .
 I 'm a little miffed . These speakers connect to LINE -LRB- RCA -RRB- outputs , not speaker outputs . Unless your receiver/amplifier has LINE outputs specifically for the REAR SURROUND signal , these will NOT function as rear surround speakers , in direct contradiction to the technical description on Amazon . Just got off the phone with Tech Support who immediately acknowledged my conclusion . You can hook them up to a TAPE OUT , or even a headphone jack , but you wont be getting surround sound ... just more of the regular Left and Right signals . I give 2 stars instead of 1 since Amazon is being pretty good about taking them back , at least so far.I ca n't speak for the sound quality since I could never hook them up .
 I thought the audio quality out of the speakers was good . It is very nice to be able to put a speaker anywhere in your house and listen to music . However , despite following all the manufacturer instructions , I could not position or tune the speakers to get noise free reception . There would periodically be a quick hiss or whoosh similar to bad FM reception . I was surprised that the transmission mode between the base and speakers is analog and not digital , which would have provided a noise free sound output . These speakers would probably work fine as part of a surround sound setup where the speakers are in the same room as the base . Anyway , I returned them to the store I purchased them from .
 I recently purchased a pair of these speakers and I am VERY disappointed with them . First of all , the range is supposed to be up to 350ft . I had the speakers placed approx . 100 feet from transmitter and every few minutes the sound would crackle , break up , then stop . After several minutes the speakers would turn off . I was told this is what happens when the transmitter loses contact with the speakers . Second of all , the sound quality is VERY poor . I believe a clock radio from 1984 would probably sound better . I plan on returning these speakers immediately for a refund . It is definitely worth the extra effort just to run speakers wires , spend half the money I paid for these , and have better sound . Acoustic Research should be embarrassed for even selling these !
 I bought these about two years ago . No problems for all that time , but I was using the AC adapter . This Fourth of July , I decided to put in the batteries and use the speakers outside . Again , no problem . The next morning , the speaker would n't work . I felt a burning on my hands , and the speaker was leaking battery acid ! I put on gloves , and took out the batteries . I blamed the problem on a faulty battery . I wiped out the inside of the unit , put in fresh batteries , and figured that it was fixed . Today , six days later , I went to turn on the speaker , and it was sitting in a pool of acid ... in fact , it burned off the paint from the refrigerator where the speaker was sitting . If anyone has any insight as to what could have caused the problem -LRB- it does n't seem to be the batteries , as I bought new ones for the second use -RRB- , please let me know . I have n't read through the 200 + reviews to see if anyone else has had this problem , so if I repeat another incident , I 'm sorry -- but it is a dangerous enough situation that bears repeating , I think .
 I bought a pair of these brand new 1 year ago . They worked fine at first , but as time went by , one developed a static-like buzzing in the bass and I eventually had to stop using it because it ruined the sound . Within a month or two the other developed the same sound and now both speakers are completely useless . I 'm stunned that in this day and age a product can be so poorly made that they go bad in less than a year . I 'd read negative reviews beforehand and just figured people did n't know what they were doing . Now I know ... BUY THESE AT YOUR PERIL . I have replaced them with other wireless speakers that work fine .
 The speakers worked great for the first 5-6 months then both died . Now I have nice pair of dust collectors on my self . DO N'T BUY !!
 I purchased this system to use at a summer cottage to have flexibility in positioning speakers . I 've been disappointed with their functionality . The speakers work fine when in the same room , but when just 30-40 ft away , event with a sliding glass door in between , the signal does n't get through or else one of the speakers wails away at an incredible frequency . Charging is not guaranteed . I can get one speaker to work if I turn it on near the antennae then walk it out to where I want it . The other just wails . Yes - I did read the manual several times .
 I 'm really disappointed with these Acoustic Research AW-871 Wireless Stereo Speakers . They have alot of static even when there 's no sound come through them . I sent them back for a replacement and I think the company sent me back the same speakers I sent back . They work no better this time then before I shipped them back . Would stay away from this product .
 Units functioned as advertised , but competition by other devices using the same frequency band in the house limited their effectiveness . They were eventually replaced by wired speakers . They should work very well over limited distances in homes with airwaves not saturated by other devices using the same frequency band .
 I buy almost everything on the web and mostly from Amazon . This item is the biggest disappointment I have had . One of the speakers blasts out everytime the music starts and then returns to normal volume . If I raise the volume to half it overloads and screeches . The other speaker works fine . Yes , I am contacting the manufacturer to see what they will do for me and I will report back with the results
 These speakers were easy to set up and had the range needed but the sound quality was horrible . One of the speakers even sounded like it was blown right out of the box . The other speaker did n't sound much better with a constant clicking to the beat of the music . It took 5 minutes to set up and less than that to decide the sound was to poor . You do n't need to be a music snob to not be able to tolerate the lack of sound quality these speakers produce .
 I received these speakers and was quite excited to think I could have speakers without running all the wires . Well , from the first time I hooked them up I was unable to use them . There was a very loud buzzing noise from both speakers . I have worked in electronics and tried everything I know to get the hum to quit . I now have the speakers on my shelf collecting dust . I would not recommend purchasing the AW-871 speakers , a big waste of money and time attempting to get them to work .
 Installation was not difficult , but once in place they often crackled and popped . Changing channels or moving location did n't have any effect . The sound was pretty good when there was no interference , but it happened too often for them to be worth keeping . I returned the product ...
 I purchased this item for my boyfriend who was so excited to get it . When he put the transmitter in the wall , it did n't work . Customer service told him to try another outlet . It did n't work . In order to have this fixed , he has to pay for shipping and handling and he will get a new transmitter . Who wants to pay more money to fix something that is the manufacturers fault ?? What kind of customer service is that ??? I called customer service and complained . They said the customer has a choice .1 -RRB- The first is to read ALL of the manual before using the product . It states that the consumer will be held responsible for the shipping and handling of the parts that do not work . If we do n't agree with the rules , we can return the item before we use it .2 -RRB- Or , if we use the item -LRB- as my boyfriend did because he thought the product would work -RRB- we have the choice to return it or pay the shipping and handling fee.I 'm so upset by this . Right now , it 's sitting in his apartment , not being used at all . I rate this product a 1 . I am upset with Amazon for not showing the warrenty about shipping and handling online . -LRB- I would n't have bought this if I knew that -RRB- I 'm also upset with the maker of this product for charging us a shipping and handling fee when it was n't our fault the product does n't work.Thanks a lot for making the holiday a bummer .
 This system was completely unacceptable for even TV sound . The tranmitter did n't deliver a decent signal even 15 ' . Every word had distortion , an annoying sibilance . There must be better out there .
 I 've had these speakers for a while now , and I tried , really tried to get them to stop picking up interference . Even when the transmitter is a few inches away , they 'd still squawk and spatter , ruining the music . No way to attenuate their receive sensitivity . So , into the trash they will go , so much for that folly outlay of cash .
 These work fine as remote speakers when listening to music . The problem comes when using them as surround rear speakers with home theater . There is a timer on the transmitter that cuts off the power automatically after a minute or so of low or no signal - a frequent occurence in movies . Pop - off they go and they wo n't come back up unless you crank the volume and even then not for awhile . Theres nothing you can do to make them work . However , I returned them and replaced them with Amphony wireless model 1550 which uses existing unpowered speakers . the 1550 comes with two 50 amp wireless amps that need plugging in and hook up to your speakers using regular speaker wire . At first , I encountered the same problem but with some tweaking found that the transmitter would n't cut off if you turn the signal all the way up on it and use the controls on the H. Theater system to turn up the gain on the surround outputs to +10 db - that 's the trick . You then turn the volume down on the remote amps until you get the desired surround volume . Viola ! Quality , noise free wireless sound with plenty of power @ 50 amps . www.amphony.com
 I took a chance on these after reading the dozens and dozens of poor reviews here on Amazon , and I 'm sorry I did . These are unfortunately a poorly-crafted example of shoddy , hastily-assembled garbage that has become the norm in consumer electronics these days . Probably made in China . The range is quite poor , and the sound quality is abysmal . My one speaker is 15 feet from the transmitter , and STILL cuts out with regularity , despite me following the instructions and trying a bunch of different things to get them to work properly . The bass is MUCH too strong , even when I have the bass/treble levels on my stereo set at flat or below , the beats rattle the speakers with distortion and muffled static . My advice ? Only go with this or ANY brand of wireless speaker if you absolutely have to . I 've come to discover the dirty little secret of the electronics industry
 The stuff that comes out of the speakers sounds like a car alarm when i tryed to use them wireless . One of the pulgs stoped working so now i can only use one speaker at a time and never wrieless .
 Only work by plugging into an RCA connector or through a headphone jack . Useless if you have an expensive receiver that does not have the RCA jack option . Sounds was average at best . Shipped them back 1/2 hr after I opened the package .
 These speakers worked great for about a month and then all of a sudden they lost signal and stopped working altogether . Tried to contact the company , they siad there was must be to much interference in my home , this was causing them not to work .
 The Acoustic Research AW-871 Wireless speakers just do n't work ! I called the help line and they were no help at all . I am going to continue to try to get it to work but no big hope .
 We bought the AW871 speakers and did not see the warning that you can not have the speaker pluggged in WITH batteries . The batteries expoded and leaked all over . The speaker is ruined . I , along with other customers , did not see this small warning in the instructions . We were using our speakers inside the house -LRB- plugged in -RRB- and then wanted to use them for outside use -LRB- with batteries -RRB- . Who wants to take time to use a screwdriver everytime we bring them back into the house ? Frustrating ! Although the product does work fine if using with an outlet . But one of the reasons we did buy the product was for the battery use .
 I got these to play music in my back yard ; they could n't even fill up my kitchen with anything but a hollow , tinny sound . I 'm not an audiophile at all , but I 'd be embarrassed to play music through these speaker for guests.They 're probably fine for listening to talk radio or ball games . Just stay away when it comes to music .
 Returned speakers . Too much static and picked up radio from neighbors who had AR wireless speaker . Unusable . Was particularly unimpressed and disappointed with feedback I got from AR when I contacted them about my problems . They said to move the speakers over 300 ft. from neighbors . Would have to move house . They wanted me to negotiate an agreement with my neighbors about when they played the radio . Ridiculous . No problems with Amazon . Delivered quickly and no problems in returning them . They paid for return of the speakers .
 These speakers should be as easy as plug and play , but they are not . They are tempermental to position to other electronic systems . And , the feedback displays on the wireless transmitter does not make it any easier . Basically , the instructions say if the light is blinking , but not more than half the time , it is okay . If they light does not go on or it blinks too much , then you get no sound . Running speakers wires thru walls are easier than these things .
 Speakers were delivered and one woiuld not turn on . Poor quality control .
 After reading several reviews , I was looking forward to adding these to my Yamaha 5.1 surround sound system as my rear channels . Upon reading the instruction manual , you will see on pages 3 and 4 that you are to plug these into your RCA jacks or headphone jack of your receiver . This will give you stereo but not the signal for the rear channel of surround sound.On the top of Page 4 it clearly states , `` Warning
 My buddy , who used to manage a Cambridge Soundworks , would call this a boomerang product since it and others like it were so often purchased then returned . However , I think it is worth the price I paid . I was concerned that it operates at 900 megahertz ... same as my cordless phone but , so far , no problems there . Just be careful that there is a fairly direct line of sight from transmitter to speakers as the signal does not do corners or walls all that well . Sound quality is OK
 At the end of a few months , one speaker stopped working entirely and the other has developed a loud hissing background noise . I 'm sure our stone house does n't help matters , but I am disappointed that they seem to have dwindling usefulness over such a short period .
 I purchased these speakers to pipe music by the pool . One speaker works really well and the other always loses signal and pipes out a loud squealing noise . It 's not the distance , we have put one speaker close to the transmitter and no change.Not much on the market for wireless speakers , maybe because the technology just is n't there !
 First off , I should state that one of the speakers appears to have been completely defective , since it never really worked at all . The one speaker that did work had to constantly be fine tuned to negate hissing , popping and static . I live in a metropolitan condo which may have contributed . The 300 feet range might be achieved if you live in a house with no walls , no electrical fields in the middle of nowhere ; of course no electrical fields would probably mean no electric , which means that you 'd really be out of luck . I also found that the documentation was poor .
 These speakers popped from the minute I plugged them in . I am a read the directions kind of guy and I followed them exactly . They popped no matter what they are plugged into . I tried ajusting the levels and channels but if did not help much . They worked OK with the CD player if I was only one room over but were horrible when pulled into the tuner and computer even in the same room . Do n't waste your money .
 These speakers were unacceptable . In fact , I returned them , and I do n't often return things . They never got a good reception , always hissing and fading in and out . I finally put them within 5 feet of the receiver , and they still had this intermittent popping sound ; very annoying . I got a full refund and remain satisfied with service in general from Amazon .
 If you are an audiophile or have a good ear for music , then do n't buy this . It produces lot of hissing noise and static . It works in the 2 GHz range . So it interferes with other devices especially cordless phones.When you walk around inside the house , the speakers tend to lose connection . So sometimes all of a sudden , I hear sound only from one speaker as the other one seems to have lost its connection.Setup is not very simple and requires patience.In summary
 This product arrived non-fuctional out of the box . I had to pay for shipping to get it replaced . The new ones worked for two weeks , and then stopped working again . They once again , if I bother , are going to charge for replacement .
 they do not permit a hook up to a modern home theater as the remote rear speakers . to activate on my very exnsive sony , i have to use headphone jack which deactivates the other speakers .
 Received the speakers in time for Christmas . We were having a large party and planned to have music all over the house . Did n't happen ! The transformer for the transmitter was missing . Called Thompson -LRB- the manufacturer of Acoustic Research products -RRB- about it . I could ship it back to them at my cost and they would ship me a whole new replacement . Explained to them , it was n't my error and why should I have to pay for their error . Talked with a supervisor . Did n't matter . They do n't care about customer service . If there is a problem , it 's YOUR PROBLEM AND YOU GET TO PAY OVER AND OVER AGAIN . It 's a great idea , but not if you have to deal with manufacturers like this .
 I got these speakers to connect them to my MacPro machine , to be used instead of the measly built-in speaker of the computer . I was looking for a pair of bookshelf speakers , and wanted to avoid having to run cables around my home office . From the technical description , these speakers fit the bill perfectly . Some of the reviews here were also quite encouraging.Setting them up was trivial
 After reading the reviews I decided to give these speakers a shot . I had owned wireless video and audio devices like this in the past and they never worked correctly ... I thought technology would have improved
 I love the concept of wireless speakers - who would n't ? But these just do n't work . Forget the stated range . We ended up using an ipod or playing music streamed to computer speakers .
 Too much static with snapping and popping - even after making all of the adjustments possible . The speakers are ONLY 10 feet away from the transmitter but still poor-to-marginal sound quality . Do n't see how these could work 300 feet away -LRB- ? -RRB- I do NOT recommend this product .
 I read all available information on the speakers , including downloading the owners manual online . The information said repeatedly that they could be used `` virtually '' anywhere indoors or outdoors , but it took a call to the customer service department to learn that they are not approved for use anywhere they would be exposed to the elements -- outdoor use is strictly undercover . Luckily , I called before I took them out of the box and returned them . I did have the honor , however , of paying shipping charges both ways ... > : - /
 constant crackling noises ... average sound quality when not crackling.they are now back in the box ready to be returned . do n't buy ... stick with wired speakers , it is more trouble but worth the effort in the long run .
 I have to rate these speakers a poor performers based on the amount of noise they generate . I 've had them for over three months and have used different combinations of distance and line of sight . I 've tried all three channels and still can not find a channel/positioning that allows me to listen to the music without a constant annoying hiss and occasional pops . I am in an urban area so it is possible there is a signal interfering but that is no excuse for a product that is not usable under ordinary circumstances . I really wanted them to work but they just have not come through .
 These speakers are way overrated . -LRB- 1 -RRB- They are huge , full bookshelf size . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The sound quality was terrible . The manual says that it works best for output that is at a constant level . That is fine for a standard TV , but receivers and DVD players do n't output at a constant level . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The speakers have a blue light on their front that shows that the speakers are tuned in to the transmitter . The light is very large and is distracting.I was very disappointed . The speakers are on their way back for a refund .
 My intended setup : Projector , Wii , Wireless speakers , Wireless sensor bar -LRB- coming to retail stores tomorrow -RRB- . For my temporary housing situation , this arrangement would remove the really messy -LRB- dangerous -RRB- mess of cables , and the wii between the screen -LRB- front -RRB- and projector -LRB- back -RRB- . Too bad the speakers were terrible.Out of box , they require more setup than I would have liked . The controls allow you to do a lot , but they are not intuitive and the knobs on the speakers never did what I was trying to do . -LSB- POORLY DESIGNED -RSB- One of them consisitently `` popped '' with any sort of bass . I could remove this noise by pressing down on the speaker cone with a very specific amount of pressure , but anything I tried to wedge there would vibrate out of place as the speaker was used . -LSB- POOR WORKSMANSHIP -RSB- As I played Shadow of the Colossus and tried to ignore the popping , the speakers began to crackle . Not a light interference crackle , but an `` OMG I AM GOING TO SHOOT MYSELF '' crackle . I removed any devices that transferred any sort of wireless signal -LRB- keyboard/mouse/cell phones/remote controls -RRB- and even put the speakers and transmitter in direct line of sight and elevation with each other -- total distance of about 4 feet from speaker to transmitter.I thought I had purchased a box of Kellogg 's Rice Krispies . -LSB- POOR QUALITY -RSB- I did purchase the Oregon Scientific WRS368 Music Sphere , which has worked out of box immediately , has much better sound and transmission quality , and looks better -LRB- I know , totally subjective -RRB- . Good luck with your wireless audio solutions !
 These speakers are o.k. , but do n't expect high sound quality -LRB- I bought these as refurbs , so maybe that is it , but when you turn up the volume , they do n't sound good - I 'd recommend going to a store and testing units before buying new -RRB- . Also , probably the biggest failure in my opinion is that they appear to be line of sight - that is , they fade in and out when you walk around the room . This should not be a problem on this low bandwidth -LRB- but it is -RRB- , perhaps the antenna needs a boost .
 I wanted some wireless rear speakers for my 5.1 sound system . When I finally received them and read the documentation , I discovered that they are designed to be connected ONLY to a `` Line Out '' connection - NOT TO A SPEAKER OUTPUT . I tried to call their tech support to see what I could do but got someone who could n't communicate well in English -LRB- we never made it past model number -RRB- and finally gave up . I tried buying a speaker-to-line out converter but that did n't work either . Basically , they are useless to me .
 The sound quality of these speakers favors music with a heavy base beat . The speakers are not articulate or clear enough to handle speech . Too much base , not enough treble .
 we 've had our pair for two years now . the first speaker died in about 6 months and the other just died . the sound on them is n't great , but it 's ok . the range is n't great and they would n't work outside . they are weird in that there is a button on the front which can turn them off , but they turn themselves back on randomly for no reason . before they fail completely , they get fuzzy , like am radio and the signal goes in and out . I 'm shopping for new ones and saw these and thought I 'd comment . I 'm not buying another pair .
 Phase coated prisms are very expensive . And the name of this binocular is just a fraud . You can not say coatings in the lens are yield by phases to mean that the prism is phase coated . Two completelly different things . BEWARE .
 1 . What you see in the viewfinder is not what comes out in the photo . Photos where I center the image in the viewfinder consistently come out left of center in the image .2 . All of my photos are dark in the corners . Some photos look like they 're framed by this darkness , with a roundish image visible in the middle.This camera is unacceptable .
 I bought a used Trip 500 at Goodwill to take to the Philippines and burn up 7 rolls of film I had lying around . Picture quality is not very good , Ca n't shut the flash off . Flash also seems to want to go off any time other than bright sun . I would n't recommend this model to anybody . Had some pretty blurry pictures even running 400 speed film . Oh well , I 'm out of 35mm film and have a nice Nikon digital now ...
 The image quality is really unacceptable ...
 This worked once , MAYBE twice after jiggling with it forever so it was in JUST RIGHT . It was maddening . I threw it away and got one by a different manufacturer -LRB- San ** sk , if I may say -RRB- that works perfectly . I be happy now .
 The Pyle guys had a good idea , but left a few things out . Unit broadcasts audio to radio using an even frequency , Most vehicle radio recievers are on odd frequnecy . So we could not get reception on the radio and had to purchase exterior speaker . THEY NEED SEVERAL FREQUENCIES TO BROADCAST TO.The first unit they sent me would not recgonize the DVD , it took TWO weeks to get a return authorization , had to pay $ 70.00 to overnight new unit , which arrived late , HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE !! NEW UNIT LOCKS UP AFTER IT HEATS UP , I have to cycle unit off and wait to cool.BE AWARE !!!!!!!!
 I had ordered two memory sticks . Amazon 's product description matched those of the memory stick requirements I had . The product arrived on time and I inserted the two memory sticks . My server run great but a few weeks later started having a memory parity error message which would bring the server to a halt . When I researched the source of the error and checked on the two recently installed memory sticks , I discovered that one of them had two labels , one form the manufacturer and a second one from the merchant but none were consistent with the product specifications . On the other memory stick both the manufacturer and the merchant labels were consistent.I removed the incorrect memory stick and my server is not showing the parity error message anymore .
 I returned this item after trying it out for a few days . The construction quality of the item is good , but the optics are not up to par . There is quite a lot of optical distortion at all levels and , when zoomed , I ca n't get the thing focused clearly . I was very disappointed . I spent more and got the Nikon Eagleview and really like it . It 's much much better .
 Clear enough image but at half to full zoom the field of view is tiny and the binoculars can not be held steady enough to settle the image down enough to actually see it . I have bought similar binoculars in the past and I should have known better . The Galileo binoculars are not at fault -- small image binoculars with large zooms simply ca n't be held still enough to use .
 Despite its great form factor and portability , I ca n't recommend this product . I got one and promptly wasted an entire night trying to make a FireWire connection between two notebook computers running Windows XP . Much effort was expended , in the end demonstrating that the cable was defective . An ordinary , nonretractable , much thicker 4-4 FireWire cable was purchased as a replacement the next day , and worked first try . The moral of the story
 i like it i like it nice good good so good i like it i like it i like it i like it i like goo
 It charges up the Zune , but forget about synching content . Two different computers , trying all the USB ports available , and would get to about 50 % synch and fail . Still have my original Zune cable and I do n't see this issue . Get what you buy for in this case .
 Connector was difficult to connect to player . After a dozen uses , plastic fell apart .
 I purchased this system September 21 , 2007 , and installed it upon delivery . I am a Mechanic by profession , with a college education in automotive service and automotive engineering . I currently have 13 years of hands on automotive and heavy equipment repair and customization experience . I own and use extensive assortment of diagnostic tools and equipment.The installation of the system is very straight forward , and the instructions should be easy enough for the backyard mechanic -LRB- with basic understanding of automotive electrical systems , and relays -RRB- to follow.All credentials aside , even the simplest of minds , armed solely with a small Phillips screwdriver , could figure out that there is a poorly supported component inside of the FM/FM 2 way paging remote that literally breaks away from its soldered connection.Multiple attempts of contacting Crime Stopper 's customer service department to resolve the non-functional 2 way remote and its repair or replacement -LRB- without having added costs to myself -RRB- have failed.The people that I had spoken to via phone calls have been rather rude and have verbally verified that there is a common `` issue '' with this component becoming detached from the circuit . My e-mail contacts with Crime Stopper have gone unanswered.Due to my personal experiences above , I can not recommend using this company 's products .
 Got this for a trip to send clips to friends as we traveled . Not a good idea unless you carry a laptop also . The video sharing program must install on the host computer . Not possible on hotel or internet cafe computers.Also expect only about 20-30 minutes use from the batteries.The most disappointing part was that it only held about 35 minutes of video and with no way to send them home we had to delete good clips to save what we hoped were better clips . The manual says that if your clips are `` complex '' then it wo n't hold 60 minutes . Maybe they think you 're going to shoot video of white walls.It takes 30 seconds to turn on so do n't expect to get those fast candid shots .
 Only this little video camera is n't even good . The picture quality and sound are very poor , and the max you can record is 10 minutes to a clip - so if your little girl 's ballet class is n't quite finished their bow , it will be cut off.The batteries drain the camcorder within minutes - so you only have about ten minutes of battery power anyway.I have been flipping the batteries over so they are not connected while it 's not in use , to try to prolong the battery usage , but that means if i want a quick shot of something cute my little guy 's doing , i have to open it up , flip the batteries , turn it on -LRB- and wait and wait and wait , pop the little red button and wait and wait , then it 's ready , and he 's run off to do something else.This is a cheap little camera , and my mom recommended it to me -LRB- she used it on her bike trip through Israel -RRB- - all i can say is , we have vastly different ideas of what `` satisfactory '' and `` good deal '' mean . In my case , having this stupid thing means dh thinks `` we already have a camcorder '' . No , we do n't . I ca n't wait to replace it with something that will do a good job.Save your money ! Save a little longer and get a real camcorder . This is not `` good enough '' for now - you will end up with rotten little clips of what could have been your home movies . The weird face your child makes at the end of a song , the splash after they jump into the lake , the baby slapping it instead of the first smile.Don ' t get it ! Almost any other camcorder will do a better job , and for not much more money.oh , and the software that comes with is a weird `` Movie Maker '' clone that just randomly mixes whatever it finds there - resulting in weird pastisches - and then it does n't work . I 've sent mine back twice , and finally realized it just will never work well.I was on vacation when i bought this , otherwise i would have returned it the next day . sigh .
 This item seems too good to be true , and it is . The resolution is awful on anything other that the built-in monitor . The USB hookup is short and rigid . It wo n't line up with the port on my macbook , and it hangs from the back of my imac . Something flexible would make a lot more sense for versatility and be less fragile . The shape is also completely non-ergonomic . You 'd think by the reviews that this was a miracle machine . Maybe I 'm less motivated to rate it highly as it was a gift . Be warned , it 's useful only if you dig watching video on a < 2 inch monitor . I 'd return it if it were n't a gift .
 ***** UPDATE
 It 's easy to use but I was n't aware that it would n't run on WinME until I tried . Also have n't been able to run the videos on any TV I have . I have taken the camera to CVS Pharmacy , the only place that burns them to DVD and they do n't know how to do it without help from me . The cost is $ 12.99 plus tax for one video . Also the video does n't match the audio . Compact size , ease of use and clear pictures are the positives .
 This camera worked a few times on two different Windows XP computers then stopped working . The computers would recognize the camera when attached to the usb port but then only error messages from the camera would follow . Computer also froze once when connected . The camera 's website troubleshooting page led to the evaluation that the problem was with the camera 's usb arm . This would have been a nice little camera at a good price if not for this big problem .
 I bought this camera after being very impressed with what appeared to be a very cool product
 The camera does a great job for those of us who just want to point and shoot . My only advice would be
 I am very disappointed with this sprayer . It leaks where the hose attaches to the tank and the nozzle will not adjust to a fine enough spray for acid staining . I am returning this product thanks to Amazon 's reasonable return policy .
 I bought this camera for a good price , but I 'm disappointed . I really expected a better product from HP . This is what I do n't like in this camera : - Video resolution is only 320x240-Sometimes it takes too long for the camera to save pictures in my SD card-No optical viewfinder-You have to download your videos to the computer to hear audio , since there 's no built-in speaker-On/off button is poorly designed -LRB- I have to press it several times to turn the camera on/off -RRB- I have a 2-year-old Kodak Easyshare camera , and it 's far superior to this product.Buy it at your own risk . In my case , I 'll return this product to the store . HP cameras disappointed me .
 I was completely fooled . Twice . My fiancee had told me she was getting me socks and underwear for Christmas . So as I slowly open the box , I see a pair of socks on top . There was more underneath , so I start opening it further and there is a camera case , a memory card and then finally at the bottom of the box , the HP Photosmart M525 Digital Camera ! I was overjoyed at finally getting a digital camera of my own . No more borrowing from my sister when I needed to snap a few pictures . I put the memory card and batteries in and began taking some pictures . To put it bluntly , UGH !!! The first thing that I noticed is that , even in best picture mode , the pictures were a little blurry/grainy even in the best of lighting conditions . The second thing that I noticed is that the pictures are distorted . There 's a slight fisheye effect -LRB- Imagine looking through a peep-hole on a door . -RRB- which is quite annoying . I talked to HP Support -LRB- Someone who spoke very poor english I might add . What is the deal with that ? -RRB- and after about 45 minutes of discussion it was determined that the easiest thing for me to do was to go back to the store and exchange it for the same model . Guess what ? Same problem ! So after talking to HP once again , I am returning this one and getting a different brand . This is a horrible product . My sisters Kodak that I bought 3 years ago is a far superior product . I am very disappointed . HP needs to put out a better product , and have some customer support reps that speak better english . It gets frustrating repeating yourself over and over again to be understood .
 I have had the product for just a couple weeks and the dial has already broken . I was already not really satisfied with the iron . The placement of the dial made it difficult to read . In addition , the light on it is only there when warming up , so there is no real visible sign the iron is on . The only real positive for the iron is the removable water container . I would not buy again . I 'm going back to a Black & Decker iron .
 This is a revised review as of September 2009 , revised again in September 2011 . Originally I gave the iron three stars and came back in September 2009 to revise the review . At the time , Amazon allowed text edits but did not allow changes in star ratings . I advised other customers in September 2009 that I would reduce the star rating to two or one , if I could . Now that Amazon does permit such changes , I have reduced the rating to one star.Here is the text of the review as revised in September 2009 : I bought this iron because of the positive reviews , taking into account various issues concerning the detachable water tank.I was initially pleased with the efficiency of the iron -- the heat levels and steam output worked well at first , and I have pretty high standards . I realize that the weight of the iron might contribute to its overall effectiveness , but it 's a tad heavy . And it has n't held up . Heat levels are insufficient , and I have to press the steam surge button constantly to achieve any steam at all.I agree with the reviewer who expressed reservations about the detachable water tank -- seems like it 's just another moving part that could get worn out . Have been filling irons from a cup for close to 50 years -- and lately have been using a cup that has a spout on it . I do n't see any advantage to messing around with a detachable tank.The biggest drawback to the iron is that the retractable cord -LRB- which to me is totally unnecessary , although some might like it -RRB- extends from the iron base from the right ! Today 's irons rarely are designed this way . I 'm left-handed , and find myself beating back the cord so it does n't get in my way . Just for the heck of it , I tried ironing with my right hand , and it 's almost as annoying . Panasonic should take into consideration that even in the same household , both right - and left-handed users might need the iron.The retractable cord base is n't very stable , and the iron wobbles when seated on end . Sigh . It 's time to go iron shopping again .
 I am surprised this item has 4.5 rating1 -RRB- Major design flaw
 The retractible cord take some effort to use . There 's so little room in the housing that you have to carefully feed it in or it will get stuck . In comparison , I have a rice cooker where you pull the cord , and it gets pulled back in without any further effort . The whole reason I bought this iron was that I do n't like messing around with a cord in the morning when I want to get to work . Now instead of wrapping the cord in a ball , I have to mess with the retraction mechanism , and that takes longer .
 I received this as a gift . I have been searching for an iron to get out tough wrinkles from my linens for years . I have to pass over at least 20 times and although it does smooth , it does not completely get out wrinkles . I find myself spending loads of time on garments , but again it will never completely get out the wrinkles . I spent 40 minutes on `` one '' pillow case the other day . -LRB- and it is still not completely wrinkle free -RRB- It should not require so much effort ! I now find myself having to take the fabrics out wet/damp to iron , but that still takes forever.I ran into a women the other day , who swore by her Rowenta Iron . She said it had gotten out the toughest wrinkles from some old , vintage linens that belonged to her mother . To my amazement , she said it only took her 4 minutes total for both linen towels . She was having these linens framed and they were board smooth with not a wrinkle in site . I was blown away !!! So , despite most favorable reviews , I honestly do not think this is any kind of a workhorse .
 Got it , loved it and then it broke after about year and half . Do n't iron that much for it to quit that soon .
 I purchased this iron after the glowing reviews . I do not iron , I do not need to iron . I bought this iron after my daughter complained that the iron I had was lousy . I bought the iron , used it once , maybe twice . I thought , great , I have a good iron for when my daughter visits . That was over a year ago . It has n't been used since . Yesterday , I needed to iron my Thanksgiving tablecloth . I dug out the `` good iron '' and plugged it in . It did not get hot , then the light that lets you know the iron is on , would not stay lit . Essentially , the iron turns off right after it is turned on . Maybe a short somewhere ? Too much time has passed so I can not return it . BUMMER ! The iron is brand new back in its brand new box , of no use to me .
 It works ! Not very good quality . Cord does not retract very well , have to work at it ! Takes out wrinkles what I guess it is supposed to do .
 I really liked this iron at first , but after 30 days of use , the steam boost button stopped working , and that is the main reason for buying the iron.It is a good iron if you do n't plan on using the boost steam button .
 This iron worked fine , but only lasted one year and two months . While I was ironing , I saw what seemed like a spark inside the iron and it would not heat up ever again . I would expect a iron to last longer than 14 months ! I will not buy this brand again .
 My 8 yr old Rowenta malfunctioned , overheating and scorching a shirt -LRB- as well as the board cover beneath -RRB- within 3 seconds of touching the fabric even while the iron was moving . So I went for this popular Panasonic model . In short , on the `` silk '' setting , the temperature of the soleplate varied tremendously , cooling to the point where I could comfortably place my hand on the soleplate before the thermostat finally kicked in to reheat . I could tell when the plate was cooling when the steam generation stopped and wrinkles did n't disappear . Even on the `` linen '' setting , when the iron was hottest , wrinkles in linen did n't disappear , even with the the steam burst . I had to `` spray '' the wrinkles , but the spray is a thin stream which just saturates the fabric in a thin line . IMHO , the detachable tank and retractable cord features are just gimmicks .
 I purchase this Iron 9 months ago . As of today the iron shorted out . We thought it might have been the socket , but it was plugged into a surge protector , which is still working . We hardly use this iron in the last 9 months . My older iron still works , but had some rust on it . That is why we got this iron . We loved the retractable card and how you could take out the tank to fill up the water on this model . It made life easier . This was a good iron until it failed today . I was going to send it back to panasonic to get it repaired , but it would cost me more to ship it back unstead of buying a new iron . Good luck with this iron .
 I bought this iron to replace my old but perfectBlack & Decker SteamXpress Iron , which unfortunately is n't available from Amazon anymore.Just my opinion but this Panasonic iron is awful , I ca n't think of anything I like about it.It takes three times as long to heat up -LRB- have a To Do list while you wait ! -RRB- , the hottest setting is too hot and will melt your linen/cotton clothes and then subsequent pieces of clothing will stick to the soleplate -LRB- always a great look to walk around with iron marks on your clothing ! -RRB- . The sprayer sprays water in a single ` take-an-eye-out ' shot of water , all around the room -LRB- look out anyone sitting nearby ! -RRB- , rather than on the clothing and the steam spits and splatters water on your piece of clothing rather than steams . It does have a detachable water tank -LRB- why would you need this ? -RRB- , and a push-button retractable cord reel -LRB- again why is this needed ? -RRB- . Ugh a horrible iron . Please restock the Black and Decker SteamXpress Iron Amazon !
 I 've had this iron for eleven months and I 'm having the same issue as KURALVANAN ARANGASAMY -LRB- see that review on 2/8/12 -RRB- . The coating on the stainless-steel soleplate has started to wear off , exposing whatever is beneath it , which has started to rust . I was able to get through to Panasonic Customer Service and was told that I need to ship the iron , at my expense , to Texas for replacement . I realize it 's common to have to pay to ship a defective product back to the manufacturer but it still always bothers me . Unlike some reviewers , I do like the removable water tank and after almost a year of daily use -LRB- and I do mean every day -RRB- , I have n't had any issues with water leaking from the iron because of this feature . I too thought it was a gimmick until I realized that it really is a useful and handy feature . I can now let the iron heat up while I 'm filling the tank with water , which is a time saver . Since the removable tank is much smaller than an entire iron , it easily fits under the faucet of a small sink when you 're refilling it . No more using the bathtub or a measuring cup.I will update this review if I have any issues with getting the iron exchanged by Panasonic . I will ask them to provide a refund instead of a replacement if the issue with the soleplate has n't been resolved yet . We 'll see how that goes . I do n't want to have to return another one for the same issue a few months from now .03 / 02/12 Update
 I bought this iron after many years using a Rowenta , but needed to transition due to finance . I have realized that it was a terrible financial mistake . I need to always buy quality products like the Rowenta . This iron leaked in just a few days . Does not heat up the best -LRB- compared to others -RRB- .
 This was rated so well on all the &#34; best &#34; lists , I bought it . I was impressed by the steaming and how well that function rated . I hate it . It 's plastic in a cheap way . It does n't feel heavy or solid or sturdy . It irons just OK , but it 's not impressive . I had a Rowenta that got scratched and I should have repurchased the same thing . That was a nice , solid iron that was just impressive . This did not live up to those expectations .
 I just do n't like this iron . My husband on the other hand truly despises it . I 'm giving it two stars because it does actually function.Cons : The indicator light only turns on when it is heating up . Once it reaches the proper temperature it goes out , of course it also goes out if you accidentally knock the plug out of the socket which you wo n't realize until you are wondering why your clothes are n't getting smooth . My old iron had a light that came on when it was plugged in and warming up , and the light changed color when it was at the proper temperature.The reservoir is small so it needs to be refilled after no more than three shirts if you use steam.It has a very small soleplate so ironing takes longer.If you do n't dump all the water out of the reservoir and turn the steam switch to the off position when storing it , it will leak all over the place.It only steams when it 's on its very highest setting , and its highest setting just is n't hot enough for stubborn wrinkles . Do n't even think about getting linen smooth with this iron.It only sometimes puts out steam in the vertical position , it seems to be very hit or miss for me and it certainly is n't enough to steam hanging items.Pros : It 's a cool green color.It has a retractable cord.I like the removable reservoir , but my husband feels it does n't add anything to the iron.That 's about all I can say for the pros . However , I suppose if you are just starting out in life and you need an inexpensive iron for small jobs , this may fit the bill . I still say the indicator light issue makes it a no go . If you are going to purchase it you may want to watch the price for a while , it does tend to fluctuate quite a bit .
 I do n't need a lot of gadgets , etc. on an iron . I just want it to get really hot ! This iron was not comfortable ergonomically . A lot of creaky noises when I used it b/c of all the `` extras . '' Retractable cord is a nice idea but in reality is more of a hassle b/c it 's another thing that can go wrong ! Also , I would not even consider using steam in this iron b/c a portion of it has to be removed in order to fill with water . It 's a whole lot easier to just use a spray water bottle . This iron was returned b/c it was not worth the $ and even at a lower price , we do not want to deal with an uncomfortable handle and gadgetry that tends to break easily .
 I purchased this iron based on some of the favorable reviews I read on Amazon . This was my experience : PROS
 This is the worse iron I have ever owned . The writing on the dial wore off the first week I used it . It does a terrible job !!
 I had purchased this iron back in June of 2010 and I am very dissatisfied with it . I think it 's defective because at times it does n't work right and the spout on the iron where you pour the water in it had broken off a week after I had started using it . I wish I had known that I would have had this problem before I had purchased this iron . Unfortunately I did n't use this iron right away when I received it .
 This iron is definitely not worth the money . There are too few steam openings and it takes forever to heat up . The optimum temperature is inadequate for ironing linen . I learned my lesson ... . buyer beware .
 Please do not buy this junk . The undercoating peels off after a couple of months and when trying to call Panasonic they do n't pickup the phone and the automated machine transfers you to a blank line and disconnects . Tried this a dozen times and every time call hangs up without anyone answering . The nearest service center for this product is in Texas but i am in CA .
 This is a one year review . Bought this iron becasue it was rated good from Amazon , that was a mistake ! Not sure if the people who review the iron , ever ironed before or if I just got a dud , because this iron is a piece of junk . If you like water gushing out of you iron instead of steam then this is the iron for you . Also the small water tank is another minus since the water litterally drains out of it . I just bought the tfal that was rated high , I have my hopes up .
 When my old iron started malfunctioning , I ordered this Panasonic iron , based upon the description/reviews . It arrived in a timely manner and I was excited ... until I tried it . I used this iron on cotton blouses , using the `` Steam '' function , with the `` Cotton '' setting . Honestly , they did n't look much better than when they came out of the dryer ! It was not `` Operator Failure '' because I learned how to iron over 50 years ago ! The Retractable Cord was about the ONLY thing I liked ! The pulsing steam disturbed me , in that I thought it was n't working correctly . It goes back and I will NOT get a replacement .
 I 've only had Black and Decker irons in the past so I decided to give this one a try . I 've had this iron for 2 months now . It 's light but gives a good amount of steam which helps get out the toughest wrinkles . I love the detachable water tank option . It makes filling the tank at the sink easy . The only negative so far is the latch on top of the tank . It 's pretty flimsy and has already broken off . Other than that this iron works really well.-Update 6/26/2012Ok everything was going well until today . The iron wo n't heat up . What a disappointment after only having it for 11 months . Good thing I am still under warranty . I will be shipping it back to Panasonic for repair or replacement .
 I 'm looking for a new iron because this Panasonic died on me after two years of use . It shorted and wo n't turn on anymore . The time , energy and postage needed for repairs are not worth it . I iron about 3-4 dress shirts and a couple of slacks every week . I use starch on my shirts and try to use distilled water whenever I can . The max temp is good enough for cotton shirts but not on linen shirts and sheets . The steam power does not match the professional steaming irons I 've used as a child -- my mom was a seamstress . You 'll need a separate steamer for suits and other formal wear . The hotplate is pretty good at not staining compared to other inexpensive irons I 've used . The removeable water storage unit is convenient . So there are some good things about this iron but overall an iron should not keel over after two years . Panasonic may mean quality in electronics and other things but not in irons . I found out the hard way .
 took a chance as this was highly reviewed , however this iron leaks water at all temps . thought maybe it was first cycle but i have used a few times and the iron always spits water out no matter what setting leaving my clothes full of wet spots . the cord reel works good however the iron seems a little cheap when you hold it and i feel like the detachable water tank feels cheap as well and will break at some point . this will be my last time getting a panasonic iron and will stick to a trusted brand like rowenta in the future . buyer beware .
 I just recieve this Iron and the first time I used it the tank leaks at the seam of the detachable tank , I called panasonic and they told me to ship it back to them at my exspence , do n't buy this Iron its a piece of junk and I mean a piece of junk !!!!!!!!!!!!! so if you send it back to panasonic it will cost you another 12 dollars that you WO N'T get back .
 I 've had Panasonic irons before and love them - great features and retractable cord . But this one ... if I iron a sweater and the heat is up too high , the fabric sticks to the soleplate and ruins both the sweater and the plate . I 've had this iron a few months and the plate is totally black and leaves marks on everything I iron . I know I could clean it but I should n't have to ... I 've never had an iron that sticks like this , ruining both clothes and iron . Disappointed and searching for another .2 / 8/13 - Update to my previous review
 I purchased this iron about 8 months ago . For the most part , the iron worked fine for those first 8 months . A few days ago , while using it on my khakis , it left a rust stain on the pant leg . I then examined the underside of the iron to see that it had become rusted . Judging from the reviews that have included comments about Panasonic 's costumer service , I just need to purchase a new iron . I ca n't take the chance that the iron is going to ruin another article of clothing , and I can not wait around in wrinkled clothing for Panasonic to back their product .
 I already have a full time job and I do n't want it to be spending 15 minutes ironing a shirt . The steam power is ok . The most annoying aspect of the iron is charging the cordless iron DURING ironing . You have to constantly put it back in the base to charge every 3 minutes . This is such a time waster . On a positive note , it comes with a case to easily put away , which I have a feeling will be useful as I dread using this iron so it 'll have a nice cozy stay in the closet . I will whip out my rusty old Rowena .
 This iron spits out half the water I put in the water tank , resulting in wet spots on my fabric , which I then have to take extra time to iron out .
 I received this iron from Amazon in early December 2010 . The first week of February 2011 , the reservoir started leaking . I do n't iron much and have only used it a few times . Unfortunately , I am just outside the Amazon exchange window . I called Panasonic to have it fixed or replaced under their 1-year warranty . They will replace the iron , but I have to pay shipping to send them the two-month old broken iron . They expect me to pay the approximately $ 10 to ship their defective $ 35 iron to them and wait who knows how long for them to send a replacement . This is unsatisfactory.With any other product that I 've had issues with , especially early on in a warranty period , the company paid to ship the defective product to them . Panasonic does not operate in this manner . Given the poor quality of the iron I received , and Panasonic 's substandard warranty , I recommend against purchasing this iron , or other Panasonic products.It 's unfortunate that the problem did n't develop until just after Amazon 's return window expired . Given my positive experiences with their customer service department in the past , I 'm confident that they would have promptly replaced the defective product .
 quality is so-so . tried to iron a few cotton dress shirts and they were semi-wrinkled afterwards . summer pants made of linen -LRB- a super thin fabric -RRB- were also wrinkled after ironing + using steam with this little guy . i followed the ironing instructions to the letter!also , the hide-away cord design is a great idea but poorly executed in this model . plastic is flimsy and i have a feeling that the place where the cord rolls into is going to break any minute . also - heat settings are printed awkwardly at the bottom of the iron.for all the great reviews , it 's not a great iron : -LRB-
 I do n't iron much but you have to have one in the house because after six months you have more clothes in the ironing section of your closet than you have to wear . I have always been a marathon ironer and I just got around to using it yesterday . I tried to open the attached top to put the distilled water in and it popped off and flew across the room , fortunately I found it before the cat . The cord is far too short and it does n't want to return to its home by 8 '' . I also think I could have done better sprinkling the clothes than just using the steam . Disappointed in PanasonicIt will do since it is here and I will only use it a few times a year , but I would not purchase this iron again .
 The title says it all . It completely died after two months of regular use -LRB- every weekend -RRB- . I loved the feature where the water compartment snapped on and off , but clearly something is lacking in the engineering of the heating element . They probably went with the cheapest heating element possible to save 5 cents off the overall cost . > : -LRB-
 Purchased iron from Amazon in July and steam feature gave out by November . I treated iron well , did not drop , used distilled water since our water is very hard per instructions etc. . I would not buy this iron .
 After reading the reviews I thought I would take a chance on this iron . My son has a panasonic iron that I use at his house and I love it , so that was another reason I was willing to take a chance . I was replacing a Rowenta that was spitting and dripping all over my clothing . This one said `` no drips '' and I believed them . It worked fine for about a week and the drips started . Wrapped that puppy up and sent it back !
 I received this iron in a timely manner and immediately tested it on some clothes needing to be ironed . This iron heated up poorly , never getting very hot , and was incredibly drippy . Maybe this was a defective one , I do n't know . I do n't want another one of these to try . It was a really bad iron . Previously , I had a Rowenta for at least 10 years that had broken and decided to try this Panasonic . I returned the Panasonic immediately due to its poor performance and have recently purchased another Rowenta , with which I 'm very happy .
 Originally rated this iron 5 stars , but am changing because the retractable cord did n't work on the first iron , returned got a replacement and the cord wo n't retract on this one either ! A design flaw , I suspect . If you do buy this iron , I 'd suggest be sure to keep receipts and buy somewhere you can return.The Panasonic NI-C78SR is the best iron I 've used in years !! Based on reviews , I purchased two Rowenta irons over the past 5 years and was unimpressed . I decided to try another brand and bought the Panasonic NI-C78SR , which was n't available in retail stores near me , but thanks to Amazon , I had my new iron in a matter of days after ordering . The weight is just right for me , not too heavy , not too light . The design is sleek and user friendly . Love the retractable cord . The steam output is fantastic -- much better than either of the Rowenta irons I owned . I like this iron so much , I 'm tempted to buy another as back-up , just in case the company stops making this model .
 I bought one Panasonic NI-C78SR from Amazon.com . When it arrived , the seal -LRB- tape -RRB- of the plastic bag was broken and the water tank had water in it . I returned it to Amazon and received another one with the same condition - a broken-seal bag and water in the tank . I guess the iron comes with water .
 Got this in February 2011 , it is now September 2011 and it is broken . ` Nuff said . Was n't that impressed with it anyway . : - -LRB-
 Handle design on this iron is very poor and uncomfortable.If you are right-handed , the release button for the reservoir is positioned right where your index finger wraps around the handle . This causes the button to poke uncomfortably into your hand the entire time you hold the iron . If you scoot your hand back on the handle , the heel of your hand will be resting on the cord retracting button.I am male with average size hands and the grip on this iron is too small and poorly designed for even short , occasional use .
 I loved this iron while it worked , but just the other day it seemed to overheat during use . The iron got so hot it burned my ironing board cover and it was smoking a bit . I turned it off and when I plugged it back in it would not work . I feel that an iron should last long than a few years , dare I say 10-20 years . I will not buy this iron again due to short life .
 Everything is OK except the retractable and flat -LRB- or H -RRB- - shape power code . But it prevents me from the joy of ironing .
 Safety first , right ? Your instructions explicitly say to TURN THE POWER OFF BEFORE UNPLUGGING ! So why do n't you follow your own advice?Excuse me while I go put my hand in a bucket of cold water .
 I use my iron primarily for sewing , which I do a great deal of . I think this iron might work out fine for someone who does n't do a ton of ironing , or who does a lot of light-duty work , but it 's definitely let me down at the level I use it.I 've been using this iron consistently now for about 6 months , and here 's what I 've found : PROS : - Heats up quickly - Gets quite hot - Tons of steam - Easy to see how much water is leftCONS : - Cover/lid for the water compartment snapped off very easily - is now broken - Retractable cord only semi-retracts at best , is clunky - Cord is in a very awkward place - Large base to contain cord -LRB- this is n't that big a deal though - just a little clunky/awkward -RRB- - `` Automatic self cleaning '' spits tiny pieces of white junk out constantly throughout ironing . This bothers me intensely . I 've had self-cleaning irons before that never did this . - Water compartment button is in a weird place , I 've accidentally detached it while ironing a couple times - Dial is very poorly-designed -LRB- why is 50 % of the dial `` off '' ? -RRB- I 'll be buying a new iron soon , that 's for sure . I was hoping that with the good reviews , this cheaper iron would serve my needs adequately , but I wind up fuming at it every time I pull it out - which is often daily .
 The unit has some nice features . When you are online the right side of the unit flashes bright light green and makes an alert tone to surely get your attention if you 're out of the room . Works like any other callerid device . I.E. . When you receive a call , you can redial by pressing a button.When you 're online and the alert tone goes off you simply lift your receiver that 's connected to the unit and press the `` call waiting '' button . You can talk as long as your modem will allow -LRB- mine is roughly 10-15 seconds -RRB- then hang up and your still online.On the back of the unit are 4 jack ports -LRB- line in , phone , computer and fax -RRB- One thing that is annoying is that every once and awhile it will click and I lose internet connection for about 10 seconds . I enjoy playing poker online and this sometimes folds my hands because I time out in the game . It 's a little annoying because it can happen every 5-10 minutes or not at all.I called AT&T ; and asked them if this was normal operation and they said that I had a defective unit.I brought it back to the store that I purchased it from and got a new one . I had the same issue with the new one . In my opinion , it 's a glitch in the unit .
 The product was faulty . The first stereo system made a `` fuzzing '' noise while the music played . The next two replacement systems made a faint `` beeping '' noise every half a second . While you could n't hear the beeping noise if the music was loud enough , you could hear it through quieter songs and between songs . Amazon then suggested that I deal with CTA directly , who were the company that produced the stereo.Due to my experience with CTA , I would not recommend buying any product made by CTA . Not only was the stereo system of inferior quality , but I wasted a lot of time attempting to deal with CTA , and in the end , they did not provide a satisfactory solution to the problem . CTA did not reply to my request for a mailing label to return their faulty docking station . -LRB- I was not requesting a refund from CTA as money had only been exchangd with Amazon . I merely wanted to return the extra docking station to them without incurring the shipping charges -RRB- . This final display of apathy epitomizes their lack of professionalism , and is also indicative of the quality and value they place on their own products.When I contacted Amazon again and informed them of my less than satisfactory dealings with CTA , they resolved the problem by agreeing to a full refund .
 I took a leap of faith with this product even though some of the reviews I read were not good . This product looks great ! However , one of the channels did not work . It cost me $ 61 to ship it back and 2 weeks to get a refund .
 Received it as a gift , worked for 2 months then started with a faint fuzzy sound in the background . Terrible product , can not even get a hold of the company to get a refund .
 I got this as a gift ... first system was faulty and was sent for a return . The second system lasted 2 months and is now dead . I have not been sucessful in getting any assistance from parent company .
 I bought the card for use with a Treo 650 and I thought it was the phone that had issues . After a month of trying to trouble shoot the phone I happen to try a friend 's Sandisk 1 gig card for laughs to see if it would work . Hello and behold it works fine ! then I tried a MMC card and that worked great in my Treo as well !! It looks like this cards is not compatible with all devices !! The product discription does not mention this at all . Now it 's going to cost me about $ 20 buck in restocking fee and shipping with Amazon to return it . I guess the lesson learned is do n't buy electronics with Amazon unless you are absolutely sure of what you are getting , even then look around locally so you can try it before buying .
 playing discs with mp3 files is very buggy - ca n't navigate , locks up frequently . No point in using a DVD for MP3 files - it takes too long to `` load '' Wo n't play a Hollywood DVD but will play home burnt DVD 's without any menus - go figure.More trouble than its worth - look elsewhere
 This item did not function at first , i had to open the power supply box and remove solder bridges , it also caused my amplifier to fail . After that , the front clip of the face broke . A year later it refused to work . Try a better brand , not worth the money .
 I bought this for the main double din outer plate to go around my Pioneer AVIC Z2 . Apparently it does n't come with that part . It is designed for putting a single din stereo into a double din compartment . It is not designed for putting a double din stereo into a double din compartment .
 Do n't let the picture fool you , the kit is only for installing a single DIN unit into a double DIN space . LAME !!!!! The picture shown is an entirely different kit . The kit I received only had one face , which the `` pocket '' making it impossible to mount a double DIN without extreme modification .
 I know you get what you pay for , but I 'm baffled by the good reviews for this piece of junk . I 've owned mine for two years , and all I can say is : -- Images everywhere up and down every band including FM . I hear the same FM station in three places in a 200 mHz span . -- Drift is amazingly bad and constant adjustment of the tuning is required , even on strong stations . Listening to a baseball game on even the strongest AM stations is a chore . -- Shortwave is awful
 Perhaps I received a bad unit that slipped passed the Quality Control dept. , but my radio was a disappointment . First off , the listing advertises that the unit comes with a carrying case -- mine did not . Some customers have said that it even comes with an AC adapter -- mine did not . I can live without the carrying case and even without the AC adapter . What I can not live without is a radio that ca n't tune in a station clearly.The ONLY thing on the radio that I found acceptable was it 's ability to tune in local AM stations . Shortwave was a bust for me . I usually use mySony ICF-SW7600GR AM/FM Shortwave World Band Receiver with Single Side Band Receptionfor shortwave listening . I realize the Sony is 5 times the price of this Kaito so I 'm not trying to compare the two radios across the board ; however , the Kaito was not able to tune in ANY shortwave stations for me . The tuning scale makes reading what station you are tuning very difficult so perhaps I simply did n't tune the shortwave band in correctly.Even so , I was unable to tune in ANY FM stations . I live in a city with FM stations all across the FM band from 87.7 up to 107.5 MHz . The radio was unable to separate ANY of these stations out and tune it in . I received nothing but 2 or more stations buried in static all simultaneously no matter where I tuned on the dial . This radio was unable to separate ANY station on the FM band . I live literally 9 blocks away from 2 FM radio stations and I could not receive either of those clearly -LRB- or any other station in town -RRB- . FM selectivity on this radio was horrible . Overall , had poor sensitivity , poor selectivity , and horrible drift . I nearly had a very powerful FM station dialed in acceptably once but that only lasted for around 30 seconds ; then it drifted off an needed to be re-tuned . Tuning and re-tuning is a bit of a pain that requires some patience . The needle has about 1/8 '' play in it on either side of a target frequency so that if you are trying to tune a frequency , you by-pass it back and forth quite a bit before landing on it right . Then after a few seconds , when it begins to drift , you get to play the 1/8 '' back and forth tuning game again until you find the freq . again.The speaker on this radio is probably on the level of what you can expect with a light , plastic radio with a speaker this size . I was NOT impressed at all with this speaker and did n't see how it sounded any better than the speaker on mySangean DT-300-VW Pocket-Sized Digital Radio with Tuner . The Kaito did get a little louder than the Sangean because the speaker is slightly larger ; however , it did not sound more clear or better in any way . The sound via earbuds is better on my Sangean pocket radio . This Kaito 's audio seems to lack bass frequencies and the lower mid-range . The Sangean pocket radio has very well balanced sound through the heahphone jack -- in fact , it might be SLIGHTLY better than my expensive Sony ICF-SW7600GR . The Sony has better sound via the headphone jack than this Kaito does also -- but it should since it 's 5 times more expensive.Overall , the radio felt a bit fragile in comparison to both my Sony ICF-SW7600GR and my Sangean DT300VW pocket radio . It felt as if I could have easily crushed it or cracked it by accident . I could be unfarily judging this radio but I would hesitate before taking this radio out with me on a hike , bike ride , bus ride , etc. . It just does n't feel solid or durable . This radio is much smaller than my Sony and slightly larger than my Sangean pocket radio making it too small to use seriously for radio listening and too large to use as a pocket radio.I 've returned the Kaito WRX911 radio for a refund.RESOLUTION NOTE
 PROs
 It 's a good looking radio but the reception is terrible . The local am radio stations sounded like they were far away with a great deal of background noises . Do n't waste your money .
 Even if this box was priced at $ 10 it would not be worth it . I packed it up to return to Amazon 5 minutes after I opened it . If I had left the two double-A bateries in it , the value would have been doubled .
 Maybe you will and maybe you wo n't pick up a signal . It is hard to tune or obtain a strong signal with this radio . I live in a valley surrounded by mountains and I get a very poor reception . So I take the radio up to a higher elevation , say around 3500Ft ASL , and I still get a poor reception on this radio . The speakers are weak but the batteries last a long time . I wish now that I sent it back . I am still looking for a decent and affordable Worldband radio . I do n't know if I will consider a Kaito .
 I bought this because I wanted to hear stations in either Europe or the Middle East . I really ca n't hear any of those places . I heard Toronto , Mexico , one Asian country , and a French speaking station that was n't come out clear enough . The AM and FM are very good , though . And it is a very small radio . But I am looking for a strong Shortwave at a bargain , and I did n't get that .
 too complicated for my senior citizen -LRB- and sharp ! -RRB- mother to work as a short wave radio . she is very disappointed .
 This item failed within 5 months and 9 days . The Red went out . Warranty should cover it but what a inconvenience .
 I purchased from Discount Jungle as a xmas gift for my wife.I was most concerned with playing mp3 's from a DVD.It does play Mp3 's from a DVD but you can not read any of theinfo -LRB- folder , track etc. -RRB- on the screen.It seems that boss was n't smart enough to use different softwarefor this unit than for the big screen.So it is imposable regardless of how close you get to make outany of the letters on the screen.For my wife and I it is a useless piece of junk that Discount Junglewill not return so be forewarned.It is useless .
 This is the 2nd inverter -LRB- returned 1st one for same reason -RRB- . Supposed to put out 110 to 120 volts but output is only 90 volts with 13 volt imput and no load . This time I ordered a Xantrex pure sine wave inverter .
 Login page would not come up . Called tech support but they were not able to help and suggested I exchange it . I returned it . One nice thing about this product is that you are automatically escallated to the top tech support guys.This unit was for a friend . I have used use the previous version of this product for about 2 years and it also had a buggy firmware but it does work . I was very frustrated with this product too because it did n't work out of the box either . It required several firmware upgrades before it was finally functional.I gave it 2 stars because we decided not to exchange , we returned it . So you might have better luck .
 When I first purchased this device , it worked just fine . I like to feel of the stylus on the tablet surface because it feels like pencil on paper . The dimensions are perfect for my monitor . I do n't have to worry about running out of space on the tablet . It 's simple to use , but responds slow . The problem
 As soon as I received the product , I returned it . MS Paint probably works better than this junk . Pen does not work properly , you have to really press the pen hard on the surface to make it work and even then it works with a delay . You press it hard , after a few seconds something appears on the screen that might resemble what you actually intended to write . Maybe for drawing it might work if you press it hard but if you want to write with it forget it . Software that comes with it is clumsy and too simplistic , saving your work does n't work most of the time and even if it did you are saving it on a pad that only works with their software , you can not save it on MSWord for example . My advice is , spend a little more and get something that actually works .
 As others mentioned , the software is positively antique . Upon installation , Windows XP gives dire warnings that the software is not XP approved/certified and could cause system instability . I went ahead and installed the drivers , and the system worked fine . However , the pen stopped talking to the table after less than a week , similar to the experiences of other reviewers .
 I 'll be straight with you -- I 've only used professional Wacom tablets . I 'm spoiled . I 'm an artist by trade , and found after upgrading my computer system that my 12 year old Wacom tablet had no driver support for Windows 7 . Purchasing the Genius MousePen 8x6 tablet was an experiment to see if a cheaper make and model would suffice.Pros : The largest surface area for a graphics tablet for the money that I could find . Includes pen , mouse , and tablet . Does have pressure sensitivity , tracked accurately enough to do handwriting or casual drawing.Cons : You get what you pay for . It does n't claim to be a professional tablet . It 's described as a `` home and office graphic tablet '' because it 's meant for the causal user . That said , after using Wacom Tablets for so many years , this tablet felt exceedingly cheap and flimsy to me . Software was n't very good , and drivers seemed less bulletproof than I would expect.Tablet : This will sound like a stupid criticism if you are n't someone who spends a lot of hours using a tablet doing artwork -- but the tablet surface , touching the pen to it , felt scratchy , cheap , and distracting . If you 're doing hours of work drawing and sketching on the computer , it 's less than ideal . Again , for $ 40 bucks , maybe if I were a high school kid or casual digital painter , I could get used to it.Pen : The pen uses a AA battery . Pull it apart into two pieces , and the battery goes on this thin , flimsy strip of metal that touches each end . The construction looked like the inside of a $ 2 kid 's flashlight . Wacom pens , by comparison , use no batteries , relying on magnetic induction or ... unicorn spit , or some such thing -- I do n't exactly know . I 've just never heard of one breaking , ever.A handy tip -- be very careful when installing the battery into the Genius pen , and align the two halves precisely . I did n't , and it got seriously jammed in the wrong position . I nearly broke the thing trying to pry it apart again . And never , EVER , twist the two pieces while together for ANY reason.Also , since the Genius pen -LRB- and many other brands of non-Wacom pens -RRB- uses a battery , it made the pen feel a bit fat and clunky in my hand -- and I 'm a big dude . Maybe you wo n't care or notice . For $ 40 bucks , I could get used to it . But if I were some petite little artist using this thing for a substantial amount of time , I imagine it might feel a little like I was handling some goofy circus clown pen . Again , it 's semi-subjective , so you might feel differently.Lastly , there was more springiness in the pen 's point than I 'm used to , allowing for a fair amount of compression , which made its handling feel awkward for drawing . Again , maybe I could 've gotten used to it.Mouse : Again , less substantial than Wacom mice . Worked okay . It had this middle mouse rocking switch instead of a rolling wheel , which I did n't care for.Manuals and Software : Software for a tablet is important because you frequently use different settings in different programs . The Genius tablet 's manuals and software are weird and clunky , lack many customization features I 'm accustomed to , and using it you immediately are aware that the software was made on the cheap . It has frequent goofy English mis-translations , typos , and grammatical errors that just do n't say `` quality product '' . Compatibility and Performance : Its pressure sensitivity seemed to work or not work depending on what program I was working in . I was using it in high-end graphics software , sure , but at least the drivers should have been relatively bulletproof , right ? The final straw that got this product boxed back up and returned to the seller was that ultimately I simply could not get pressure sensitivity to work with ZBrush , my primary work program.To Sum Up : For the money , the Genius MousePen 8x6 Graphic Tablet offers as large a work surface as I could find . The pressure sensitivity and tracking were n't bad , but were not what you 'd want for a serious hobbyist or professional artist . Its construction is flimsy , and the drivers and software are cheap and far less than I 'd be willing to put up with . But you get what you pay for.This tablet would be a great , affordable birthday party gift for someone else 's 10 year old kid who likes doing art with MS Paint or something . For my own kid , I 'd be inclined to spend more money and get a used Wacom Intuos or other professional quality Wacom graphics tablet . -LRB- I 've not used their cheaper `` Bamboo '' line of tablets , so I ca n't speak to their quality . -RRB- This tablet would also be fine for an adult who just wants to doodle , use hand writing in programs such as OneNote , or prefers a pen to a mouse.For a professional artist , serious art hobbyist , or art student , if I literally had nothing more than $ 40 bucks or so to spend , and I needed a graphics tablet , I would borrow some cash from someone and buy a used Wacom before getting this thing . A 10 year old Wacom is easily superior to this tablet for doing real art -- in its durability , tracking , ergonomics , and most especially drivers and software .
 I got this as a gift from my wonderful wife as a birthday present , God bless her soul ... she had good intentions but man this thing a pain in the ace to setup ! It took hours and many uninstall and reinstalls for my PC to recognize it.The worst part ? It does n't work with CS3 and up ! It works fine with CS2 , but if you want any pressure sensitivity at all in CS5 , save your money and get something else . Hopefully these newer Geniuses I see are compatible , because not even the updated driver worked .
 I 'm going to give it credit that it 's a cheap tablet and it 's good to start out on , but I 've had a lot of issues with the tablet ... for instance the pressure sensitivity was awful and was really iffy . And after a year of owning it , I cracked the pen from all the use I got out of it . Once I got my cheap Wacom -LRB- which was a little bit smaller than this one -RRB- I threw this thing out.Good for just starting out and be very careful with it . It 'll get the job done I guess .
 I am a design student and bought this tablet for its excellent price . I read many reviews and they said it was good so I gave it a try . I regret it . I used it for a few weeks , nothing out of the ordinary happened . I had some pressure problems in Photoshop , but I fixed it soon enough . Then out of the blue , it stopped working ! I tried everything.My brother bought a computer afterwards . Windows 7 did n't fix anything . I put the tablet away . A few months later I bought an iMac , and I tried there too . Nothing worked ! The light just blinks and it does nothing else . I downloaded drivers , followed endless tutorials , used the CD it brought.I 'm not saying it 's a bad tablet , it 's a troublesome tablet.Hope this saves some of you from spending -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks on something that turn into a fossil .
 I absolutely loved my Genius when I first got it . I did n't realize it was n't working as it should , since I was using a 10 + year old tablet before , so I did n't expect much . It stopped working suddenly after about 3 weeks or so . Not a problem , since we had the warranty . I got a new one , and it worked even better ! I loved it even more . I took it everywhere I took my laptop , and I took special care for it.Then , after about a week long break from using it , I brought it out , plugged it in , and it would n't work . I plugged it into every port , and the light would n't come on , and my cursor would n't move when I used the pen nor mouse . By then , the warranty was up , and I was unable to get a new one . My mother , a technical engineer , took a look at it and found several broken wires . She fixed them , and still nothing . She is currently fixing more wires , so I have yet to see if it can be saved.In short , do n't waste your money . This thing will die , most likely because of faulty manufacturing , and unless you know someone who knows how to sodder wires , you ca n't do anything to save it .
 It 's cheap but unfortunately quality disappointed me . It 's quite loud -LRB- you hear scratch sound during moving on tablet -RRB- . And tip of pen is moving a little in all directions.I 'm seriuosly thinking about returning this tablet and buying Wacom Bamboo -LRB- smaller but much better - I know because my friend has ordered it couple of days ago and I 've tested it -RRB- .
 This tablet worked well for the first week I had it . So , like an idiot , I threw all the packaging away and ca n't send it back . I turned my computer on one day and the pen would n't work , then the mouse would n't work . I changed the batteries . No change . I uninstalled and reinstalled the drivers . No change . I looked up the website for the tablet and they had a driver for Vista . So , I installed that . The mouse started working and the pen now only works in things like GIMP and Paint . Which I guess is alright , considering that 's what I was going to use the pen for anyway , but it was kind of cool to use just the pen to do all the mouse functions.I have glitches with my mouse from time to time still . The pointer drags across the screen without the mouse moving a bit . Or it stops working altogether and I have to restart the computer . I might end up getting a Bamboo Fun at a later date when I 've saved some money .
 I bought these for my digital imaging classroom . They do n't compare to WACOM . We can only get one to work with any kind of pressure sensitivity . Perhaps with Vista they work , but not with Windows 2003 or Mac OSX . Really sad . Sent the unopened ones back and ordered WACOM . I highly recommend that you find the $ for WACOM Intuos3 . Happy painting !
 I bought this for my daughter for xmas , she uses GIMP . Which sucks for us because when we could n't get it to work Genius said `` buy Photoshop , '' -LRB- despite it indicating it works with `` most '' -RRB- Uh , no . Not going to buy a $ 1K program for a 440 tablet . So , before you buy I suggest calling Genius or doing some searching into whether or not your software will work to save yourself hassle . Since this was a gift , we had it over 30 days , but Amazon worked with us to return it , which is good .
 Like everyone said , this is a toy , not a tool . The battery 's lasted about three minutes . The pen program had to close one third of the way through the drawing . It 's not worth the low price of a cool draw pad . I 'm sorry . It 's already at the Good Will .
 Purchased this for my daughter for Christmas . Setup was easy but the pen does not work under Gimp . You can use the pen as a mouse to open file but it will not draw . Since I am not purchasing Photoshop , I had to return it .
 The Product is both bulky and flimsy I bought this around Christmas time of 2009 , and its extremely bulky . it gives me little space on my desk . A week after buying this the felt on the bottom of the mouse started to fall off and the pen today stopped working . The pen is both difficult and fat . I have kind of small hands because I 'm a small person the pen is rather awkward to hold for long periods of time . Putting the battery into the pen is also difficult and rather awkward because you have a long thin metal bar you have to make sure does n't bend and then a spring for the battery , in which is difficult to place a battery in and keep it there till you put the pen back together . The pen ends to bend because the half of the pen that goes over the battery is n't held on right which I think might be why the pen does n't work . This is something you get for your 5 year old to play with when they want to learn how to draw on the computer or something . Overall its really easy to break and really difficult to place anywhere .
 If you are using dual monitors , do not buy this product . My tablet will not work on dual monitors and when I called Genius technical support they said , `` I 'm sorry , none of our products are licensed for dual monitors . '' Yuck ! I invested a lot of money in my 24 '' monitor for working with graphics , and now its useless unless I buy a better graphics tablet.I am very disappointed with this product!If any other readers have a solution to this , please post a comment . Thank you .
 I purchased this tablet a few days ago , and it is already on its way back to Amazon if that tells you anything . I was not able to get either of my systems to recognize this tablet . None of the websites listed in the documentation exist according to DNS , so I was not able to contact them for assistance . The documentation is written in broken english that is difficult at best to read and was not helpful resolving my problem.I 'm going to give the wacom BambooBamboo -LRB- Small -RRB- Pen Tablet with Pen Onlya try and see if it works better . I guess if it works at all , that will be better .
 indeed , doesnt even work.this is an email i sent to genius support : Hi , i just received my tablet today , and i cant seem to be able to get it to work.i installed the drivers , as the booklet said , but upon connecting the tablet i receive an error saying : `` Power surge on hub port '' -LRB- i attached a screen shot -RRB- and on a second computer , nothing happens.and this is the reply : Hello , I regret to inform you that there may have been a short circuit on the internal circuit board when you plugged the product into the 5V USB port . Please return product to place of purchase for replacement.dont bother . . if it doesnt work on day 1 , it 'll probably break again .
 Get a Wacom - yes more money but the pen on my Genius just does n't work ! The mouse is fine and I like the size of the pad . But I should have got the Wacom !
 I was told to return it as the solid light indicator indicated a malfunctioning tablet.I wish I could have tried it out . I was so excited to get into digital art for such a low price . But I do n't think I 'll reorder it . I 'll go with a more expensive unit with better reliability .
 it 's do not work very good ! the pen is hard to use ! the cords to short !
 Sadly , after holding HI HOPES , this was too enexpensive to indicate quality . Super bummed , cuz the good one 's are $ bigger $ bucks !
 This item just does n't work consistently with GIMP . I downloaded new drivers , I replaced the batteries in the pen , I researched on the web and it just does n't work well with GIMP . Other people are having the same problem that I had -LRB- google it and you will see `` MousePen 8x6 and GIMP '' -RRB- . The pen just would n't draw . GIMP would not recognize the pen on a consistent basic . Their technical support is useless . I was spending way too much time and effort trying to get this thing to work . I finally gave up and bought a WACOM Bamboo Pen . It worked right out of the box and works GREAT . You get what you pay for.Stay away from this item!I 'm using Windows XP professional SP3.Phil Haase
 I needed a tablet to write on powerpoints was unable to do this with it . Support was of no help at all . Had to call several times at one time told the whole department was at lunch !!!
 So i think the reviews written by everyone else here sums up quite a bit of the fears i had about purchasing this tablet . Basically my biggest issue is it appears the drivers are outdated and do n't work well with all the graphics applications i use . Folks who use CS3 report no problems at all with this device . Unfortunately i just purchased CS4 and this tablet has major issues in it -LRB- pressure sensitivity not responding randomly after a few minuts , drawing an arc and it draws a strait line or dot of varying opacity -RRB- . After talking with the folks at Adobe -LRB- and getting no response from Genius -RRB- i narrowed it down to Genius ' out of date drivers -LRB- which that 's apparently correct -RRB- . So the pros \ cons layed out by others are pretty accurate . When i got mine everything functioned perfectly , no dead batteries , etc. . . The tablet itself is a fantastic deal w / great potential especially for $ 49.99 -LRB- now -RRB- . The user programmable areas on the sides are great , the quick access menu up top is awesome , and the drawing space and overall feel of using it was great . It did however seem a bit flimsy when placed on the lap -LRB- how i like drawing -RRB- but on a flat surface -LRB- even a book -RRB- no worries.Note that i DID try this with `` The GIMP 2.6 '' , Corel Painter X , Blender 2.48 etc. . . basically all the other software i use , and while those performed / almost / perfectly 100 % Of the time , there were still glitches . You just ca n't have that while you 're in the middle of creating something.Thankfully Amazon.com is amazing w / returns because it 's already on it 's way back . Sad this is the first item i 've EVER returned from any online purchase i 've made EVER -LRB- and i 've made a lot -RRB- . Oh well they almost had a great product , if the drivers were a bit more up to date , this would hands down be a great purchase . I decided to go for a Wacom Bamboo , feel free to venture on over there as i 've written a review on my experience thus far.Hope it helps , Frank ...
 I am very disappointed with this product and Im ready to return it . It disabled automatic macros when I open a word enabled macro document , and I now have msg error msgs that I can not figure out . Also , for some reason that I can not determine , I no longer have audio sound on my laptop . It is not working properly , and have to perform a system restore in order to fix . I didnt have these problems before I installed the software , and I installed the product based on the instructions . If anyone else has gone thru this , pls let me know an easy way to fix . Otherwise , I will return as originally planned .
 its a nice novelty but it really doesnt work the way you think it should so far into the technology revolution . not really smooth and very jerky . i installed it on two computers . one xp and one vista . same results on both . i thought this would allow me to handwrite entrys into office applications but it really doesnt do that very well . i thought it would let me handsign company documents but it looks all jerky , like a 10 year old did it . drawings are stilted and the pad messes you up alot of times . the stupid buttons on the pen are in a way bad spot and click accidentally , all the time . the mouse i cant get to work in any way . overall its amusing and that is about it .
 To be perfectly blunt , this is crap . I was looking for an affordable tablet , and ended up getting this one . I saw the price around $ 50 so I figured what the heck ? and get it . I was drawn in by all the features it `` supposedly '' has . When you run the driver , it 's the most cumbersome thing to use . The instructions are n't clear and do n't specifically tell you step by step how to install the features . Also , I was excited because I was supposedly going to get a program with it . Here 's the catch , it 's a TRIAL so if you would like a program to use with it , you have to buy it . That 's another expense down the toilet . The pen is terrible and if you try to write it with , it messes up and sometimes does n't even respond at all . Face it , it 's just metallic junk , something else to have laying around . I would n't recommend this fancy looking junk to anyone , regardless of price.Save your money towards a better tablet because this thing just is n't worth it.It does n't even work with GIMP and that is the program that I use now . It felt cheap , works cheap but it 's about the only thing you can get for $ 40 bucks ... now it 's just laying around my house and sadly has to use now . If I had the choice , I would have gotten a Wacom tablet . Other reviews say this product is fantastic , maybe for them it is , but I will never recommend this metallic junk to anyone . A complete waste of money if you do not have photoshop . You get what you pay for , and this is it . If you 're in graphic design or just as a hobby , do n't get this . The pen tip wears out in less than a few weeks , seriously ?? yeah , seriously . Junk .
 I 've had this tablet for nearly 3 years now . The review was prompted by its untimely death - it can no longer be recognized correctly by any computer . So , here are some other details : + It is a pen + tablet , and it works for that , on a basic level . + Standard AAA battery in the pen - The pentip is not securely attached inside the pen , kind of wobbling around a bit , so it is difficult to properly and precisely control its placement and pressure . - The tablet sometimes fails to properly track the pen when it 's moving . - The tablet randomly loses the ability to detect the pen at all , requiring that a button on the pen be pressed to re-establish the connection to the tablet . - It evidently may be prone to simply dying after a few years of very infrequent use.It 's a Harbor-Freight-grade of product - something to get if you need a cheap solution that 'll work for one or two tasks , but just do n't expect much more than that out of it .
 After installing the tablet drivers for OS X 10.6 , -LRB- this process itself did n't instill much confidence -RRB- the tablet failed to work . As another reviewer said , the light comes on for a brief moment , and then goes dead . The tablet never worked , which is a shame because of the potential value . I got a wacom bamboo and it worked immediately upon plugging it in.You 'd think due to the large amount of gfx artists on macs , that they 'd really nail down Mac OS support.One more note
 This thing was great for a couple months . Has not been heavily used , but recently the cursor began shaking and drifting , which makes it unusable . Both the mouse and the pen suffer from this . I was hoping to get more than a couple months use out of it .
 I was looking for a tablet only for writing , and this one seemed like a good option . It worked just fine for 2 months , and then it would n't work sometimes . It looks like a wire problem , because if I move the usb cable enough I get it working for some minutes.I know this is a cheap alternative for tablets . . but 2 months of a lifetime ?
 I picked up the 8x6 as a cheap tablet for my home pc . When it arrived the pen and mouse did n't want to function . I headed to the Genius web site and when I arrived at their US site , a window appeared looking to run an application . I said no and it still installed WinReanimator -LRB- Russian spyware -RRB- causing major havok . Be warned !
 I 've been switching back and forth for a few months between this tablet and my beloved BambooWacom Bamboo Connect Pen Tablet -LRB- CTL470 -RRB- and can honestly say that for a few dollars more , there is absolutely no comparison . The Wacom tablets are the standard of the industry for good reason , and even their lower priced offerings have the same wonderful touch and control as the more expensive versions.This tablet does work as stated , it will get the job done , and would be fine for a child to use , but the pen action is not as precise as Wacom 's , the tablet has a few spots which are slightly dead -LRB- causes the pen to `` jump '' to a different spot on the screen -RRB- , and the mouse is too lightweight and small to be comfortable for daily use.If you are thinking of buying this , do yourself a favor and look at what Wacom offers , even their cheapest tablet will outperform this one .
 If you 're serious about using a tablet , do NOT buy this one.NONE of Genius 's tablets support multiple monitors . They say it is a `` licensing '' issue . Yeah , right.Overall , this does have a cheap feel to it , but it is inexpensive . But the mouse is smaller than a standard mouse , so I do n't plan to use it . The biggest problem is that the stylus only works on the primary monitor , and anyone with multiple monitors will tell you that they do n't EDIT on that one because of all the O/S stuff on that monitor.Besides , you ca n't use the included software -LRB- like Annotate on Word -RRB- , unless of course you want to do EVERYTHING on your main monitor.If they had mentioned on the product specifications that it only works on one monitor , I would not have bought it in the first place .
 this was so great in the beginning , but after 1 month , it malfunctioned ! it wouldnt work on my computer and when it did work -LRB- for about 30 minutes -RRB- the stupid thing wouldnt click anything ! its a piece of junk , save ur money !!
 I bought this item to use on a Vista 64 system with 8gb ram . I am also using Adobe CS4 . It does n't work at all with Photoshop , Genius know about this but do n't tell you . The pressure sensitivity does n't work with Illustrator although at least it recognizes the pen.Genius say they are ` working ' on an updated driver but until then , I suggest you stay safe and buy the ` bamboo ' range from wacom who are fully compatible with both.If you are using Vista 32 bit or XP and CS3 or older you may be quite happy with this , it feels a little cheap and plastic like but nevertheless , I think for the price most users would be satisfied although again the ` bamboo ' range from wacom is probably much better considering the few dollars of difference in the price .
 I really wanted this item to work . But the 5-year-old drivers with no updates from geniusnet.com made it impossible.The drivers crashed my Windows XP HP desktop with the dreaded `` Windows has recovered from a serious error '' message . After downloading replacement drivers from the manufacturer 's website with the same result , I did the uninstall -LRB- followed by a registry purge using JV16 to remove 3 remaining fragments -RRB- and had it back in the box for return within the hour.Only good thing about it was the nice packaging which made the return easy . Sort of a waste of good packaging , though , for a product that does n't work .
 I bought this to use for a new Mac . Once it came not only was the product cheaply made and not `` solid '' like other pen tablets , the US Customer service was not very helpful -LRB- the product and company is Korean I believe -RRB- . They did not supply a driver for the new Mac and when I called they said `` oh our Mac here in the office is a few years old , so we do n't know if it works on newer Macs '' . They did not have the expertise to show me how to get a driver , nor did they seem to care . For Mac people using this for CS3 stay away !
 I know it is a low end tablet but I still expected -LRB- base on other reviews -RRB- that it would work well and be easy to install . Fact is I tried everything and got nowhere . I downloaded the companies latest drivers and install according to directions . My PC did n't even recognize it . I uninstalled and rebooted and reinstall still nothing . so I sent it back . I bought a Wacom bamboo small and I 'm glad I did . The bamboo worked perfectly . The design looks and function are excellent . Do n't bother with this tablet buy a bamboo .
 I ordered this product after reading the other reviews , but when I went to install the software that came with it , my computer -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- gave me an alert message that the software was not approved by Microsoft and that if I installed it , there could be damage done to my computer now or in the future.I sent 3 e-mails to Genius 's tech line and they never replied . So I am going to return it to Amazon and let them deal with Genius .
 What I expected was
 First time I feel the need for writing a review on Amazon . This is a really , really poor quality product ! Nothing works basically , starting with sw
 This product does not work properly.It says on the box `` Certified for Windows Vista '' , but the true is , it only works with windows vista.The driver do n't even run on windows xp . It does n't even get installed.And if you try to contact genius , because all the drivers you downloaded did n't work , they will start a very stupid mailed-conversation , asking you the specification of your windows xp .
 Genious ? You have got to be kidding ! They have not figured out that Vista is a factor in the market . The tablet works with Vista ... but had to ferret out the problems myself as tech support was incapable of offering any suggestion . In addition , the software shipped with the product will not work with Vista and the only response I got was `` have to check with Taiwan '' ... and Taiwan must not have e-mail connection to their own U.S. offices ... as there has been no follow-up of any kind . Buy from these people at your own peril ... they have shown incompetence and no interest in supporting what they sell . Do n't buy this unless you want to be totally on your own . Disgusting !
 I so wanted this product to work and purchased this at Amazon 's $ 39.00 special price . However , it was Dead on Arrival -LRB- DOA -RRB- . I 'm very computer savvy but could n't get this thing to do a single thing . Even tried changing the battery in the pen ... nothing . I have no doubt that it may be working for others . I think I 'll spend the money and get what you pay for in a higher end product .
 I just recently purchased this item after debating over the idea of buying theBamboo -LRB- Small -RRB- Pen Tablet with Pen Onlyversus this product . I decided to purchase this product because 1 -RRB- it provided a larger surface to use , and 2 -RRB- it was more `` inexpensive '' than others it 's size . Although , I was vary of the 13 % that had their systems crash or receive an unusable product . When this item arrived , it was badly packaged . The mouse and pen were not in the correct areas of the box and the installation cd was out of it 's sleeve . It was n't a big deal to me , so I took the tablet out of it 's protective `` foam sheet '' covering and proceeded to install it . The installation manual was n't as detailed as I would have liked it to be , but it was sufficient . However , when I attempted to install the software -LRB- my operating systen is Windows XP -RRB- a screen popped up to tell me that this product was not Windows certified and could disable or crash my system if I proceeded to install it . Upon remembering the other reviews of unsatisfied customers , one happened to have had the same situation ; I chose not to proceed with the installation . I unplugged the tablet and packaged the product neater and more properly than I had received it , and I plan to ship it back today . While the product was not properly installed , and is planned for return , the tablet was still usuable . Usuable in the sense that you could only use the pen . However the pointer lagged and jumped around the screen , only moving when I hovered over a specific area and clicked the left button . When I went to change the sensitivity settings , the highest setting caused it to be too sensitive and any other setting was n't sensitive enough . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This is by far the worst tablet I 've ever used . It may be the cheapest tablet out there , but your money is much better off spent on a better brand.Every 10-20 seconds or so , the cursor will freeze for about one second . This is a very annoying , and completely interrupts any action you are currently doing.The pen feels really cheap , and the tip is incredibly flimsy.The cursor will move when the pen is tilted . For example , when the pen is held at 90 angle to the tablet , the cursor will be in one spot , but if you tilt the pen to a 45 angle while keeping the tip in exactly the same place , the cursor will move . This makes tracing pictures next to impossible.It does not support dual monitors , so the tablet is stretched out over both screens , making it very frustrating to use.Whenever I try to use this tablet -LRB- and I 've tried many times -RRB- , it 's always a constant battle just to make it work . You should n't have to fight your tablet . Save your money for a better one .
 Having never used a tablet before , I needed simple and detailed instructions for the novice user to set it up.I was disappointed that the disk that came with the device was not operable and there was NO user manual.I called customer service and was told that the discs often do n't work but it was ` plug and play ' , which it was and that I could download the drivers at the website , which I did . However with no manual with which to refer , it was impossible to figure out the hot keys . I saw that you can also download the manual.I see no reason why the consumer should be expected to download and print out a many paged manual in order to set up the tablet.I found the device very erratic -LRB- perhaps because the settings need to be tweeked , but I have no idea how to do that -RRB- The mouse worked sporadically and the pen is very light and flimsy so grasping it is stressful as there is no ` heft ' to it.I had hoped that a pen device would be better for use with carpal tunnel syndrome , but it only exacerbated the discomfort . This has been an exercise in frustration for me .
 This pen tablet is worthless . For the first couple of days , it seemed to run fine , and there were hardly any problems . The mouse shuts off after awhile when it is n't in use and I would have to click on the pen to get it to work . No big deal . That 's how it saves battery power . ... Or so I thought . After about a week of use , the tablet would shut down permanently and I was forced to constantly restart the PC in order to get it working . That only temporarily solved the problem . Now , whenever It stops working , all I can do is restart the whole system . This thing is trash . Avoid it at all costs unless you 're looking for a nice wide paper weight .
 Everything was peachy for the first three months , and then it quit on me without warning . I called up the support team , and although it was a real pain in the ass to talk to someone , the representative was really helpful . Eventually I got a free replacement , and I was over the moon . I got to draw again!Unfortunately , that 's not the end of the story . Before long , the new tablet crapped out on me , and I was forced to go through the process again . This time I felt that I had to be the one at fault , and asked what could have caused this . The representative was still happy to replace it , but was very unwilling to help troubleshoot.This time I treated my tablet like a vial of nitroglycerin . The amount of care and caution was ridiculous , and yet I got maybe 4 months out of it before having to get the replacement I 'm using now.What the hell .
 So I had gotten this tablet when I first started drawing days after learning what a tablet is , 21/2 years ago and I got it on ebay for around $ 65 which for a beginning artist sounds good . I was hoping it 'd last me a little longer then 11/2 years and finding out it needed batteries was also disappointing . Only after 11/2 of using it , it had started to act up . I would have to constantly unplug and plug it back in , open up the small little tablet program so to the test area and mouse over just so I can use my tablet again.I now do commissions and hoping to work at a professional level soon and hopefully going to an art school and this just wont do . The pen is bulky and just does n't last long at all . It 's a nice size , i 'll give it that and the pressure does work but for how long it lasts , I 'd spend more money . And the driver software is just too old and does n't work with Photoshop CS4 . Genius does n't even have the drivers on their website at the moment.And unlike some nicer Wacoms that last up to 15 years I 've read , this lasts around 2 years before it starts getting screwy . I have NEVER dropped my tablet or damaged it in any way . I treated it like a baby .
 Have n't been able to get it to work with Windows XP ! I downloaded updated drivers from the genius sit and purchased new fresh batteries . Not knowing how long it may have been setting on the shelf before I received it . It would be nice if the Pen and mouse had and L E D light to let you know they have power . The manual is n't very good seems just as I get to the last few steps and go to the next page They change the language to one I am not fluent in . I 'll have to try a different vendor . Have to admit I find Windows often requires installing , un installing and re installing several times is usually required to get things to work . Would also be nice if the battery loaded more like a flash light . unscrew the end and drop in the batteries . The battery holder in the pen is quite flimsy and not easy to replace the battery
 Thought this would be a good alternative to the Wacom tablet . Not so good . Already had a small Wacom graphire tablet and wanted to upgrade to a larger tablet to do more art work on the computer . I installed the drivers and at first could not get the pen to work , but the mouse worked . I need the mouse because there are other people in the household that use the mouse to access the computer . The graphire was/is perfect for this , no problems . Anyway , I wanted the pen to work as well as the mouse . So I downloaded new drivers from the Genius website with the hope that those would help make the pen work . Well , the new drivers did help with the pen . It definitely will work . The only problem is now the mouse does not work . It will only right click whether or not the mouse selection is on default -LRB- for right click or just click -RRB- or if it is changed to accommodate the left hand . With respect to the pen 's left handed orientation , I 've given up on that , I just want the mouse to work . Even worse , now that I 've uninstalled all the software , I STILL ca n't get the mouse on the graphire to go back to the left handed orientation . In addition , I think the software messed up my registry , because now I can not even do a system restore to try to get my computer back to it 's pre-Genius operating condition . Frustrating ! I am in the process of returning it and will probably just end up spending the dinero and buying a larger Wacom Intuos once I can get my computer back to normal operating condition :-LRB- .
 The design of this product is great , compact and light weighted but quality of the pen it self it is on very low level . It stop working after couple of hours and i thought that the batteries are dead so i change them with new one . That does not helped . I literary tried with everything that i find on internet and nothing helped . I strongly recommend not to buy this product . Better add 30 more dollars and buy a good piece of technology . This sucks !
 I bought this tablet about a year ago , and it worked fine until about 3 or 4 months or so ago.At this point , the mouse started to jump , or not work , even with a replacement of batteries . The pen also was not as effective.I conclude , this was a great tablet , until it stopped to work . I might be more satisfied , however , if Genius did not leave almost no trail . I could find no way to contact them and express my displeasure . I would say no to buying another Genius brand tablet , and I suggest to anyone that a Wacom brand tablet -LRB- at http://www.wacom.com -RRB- seems like a better investment . I have not tried one , but I soon plan to .
 This one totally bombed . The software is a throwback to the 90 's , the mouse wheel does not spin , the pen movement is jerky and erratic , so much so that even drawing something as easy as a smiley turned out to be a daunting task . The manuals where also written by someone who obviously does n't have a command of English . I work in IT and usually have more patience with gadgets than most folks , but this one was packed up and ready to be sent back in all of 2 hours . The price might be tempting , but I wo n't have paid $ 5 for it if I knew the performance would be so bad .
 After such wonderful reviews I was excited to receive this product . However , after just three uses , it no longer works . The mouse still works , only because I tried it out -LRB- I usually dont use the mouse -RRB- to see if it was the pen , tablet or what . I do n't know what 's up , but the connection to the pen and tablet is kaput . I used it for just a weekend and barely got the hang of it before it went out on me.Good luck to all others - it looks like you 've got a lot of good reviews to work with .
 I received the device & I tried to set it up on my computer . I found the installation instructions very confusing & I could not get it to work . After spending a good deal of time trying to set it up , I decided to return the item to the seller , ANTonline . It just would n't work on my computer . I contacted ANTonline and they rejected my request to return it . Basically their message implied ; `` you bought it and now your stuck with it '' . I will not do repeat business with ANTonline in the furure .
 I can not get the table icon to appear on my tablet , what am I doing wrong ? I have downloaded the driver provided , my mouse works -LRB- LED light -RRB- but nothing coming up on tablet.need help
 I 'm pretty frustrated by this tablet . I bought it thinking , `` Ok , there are lots more good reviews than bad , I 'll give it a try . '' No . Do n't bother . I got my package and went to install the tablet . First , I had the wrong instructions in my box . I found the instructions online . -LRB- You do n't get to look at the instructions until you install them apparently . -RRB- 2 . Installed and started using it ; tested all the functions . It stopped working after 5 minutes . Ok , maybe I did something wrong ? I followed all of the troubleshooting guidelines , read all over amazon to get hints at how to fix this . Pen was jittery and began to disappear and reappear in different places on the screen and the pen would sometimes click like mad all over the screen even though i was neither touching the tablet or clicking the pen . 3 . Uninstalled the drivers and reinstalled them from the website and it worked for a few minutes until it again stopped working . 4 . Called the company during business hours 8 times , never got through . 5 . Tried one last time to use the tablet and it started hitching and failed after 15 minutes . Completely unusable tablet.I give up . I bought a Wacom for 5x the price , but I just want it to work ! I keep seeing reviews that say , `` Well it was only $ 50 what do you expect from it ? '' For starters , I am purchasing a product that is supposed to perform a function , if it ca n't perform that function it has failed and I want a refund . Bottom line.My recommendation
 I received this model as a gift from friends in 2008 . Out of the box , I did n't like the texture of the pen on the tablet , after using my friends Wacom , so I decided to read up on the reviews to see if I should return it and pay the difference for a Wacom , or keep it . After reading the reviews , I decided to keep it instead . I wish now that I did n't . It worked well , at first . I had issues with the pen and the battery , but I just took the battery from the mouse . The stylus has worked well since then . My main issues started a few months after using the tablet . Using Windows XP , it would be connected to my PC , the green LED would show that the tablet had power , but it would n't work on my PC . I figured out that having the software window open , with the pressure tab open , solved this problem with the drivers -LRB- which have always been a pain to install -RRB- . It was annoying to have the window up in the background , but I could deal with it . I also had problems with it freezing up , requiring a restart while in the middle of work.Recently , as in 2010 , I installed Windows 7 on my PC . The tablet would n't work at all at this point , so I went to the Genuis site and updated the drivers . I had to do this several times - updating and deleting and restarting , before I could get them to run properly . I installed GIMP , but the drivers for the tablet and GIMP are not compatible , so I went back to my regular editing software.I was still having problems with my drivers not starting up with my PC at this point , so I found the file in System32 that had to run for it , tabcfg , that could be started . But the window would flash and they would n't run . I assumed that this was a problem with the drivers , and searching the genius site and the internet for troubleshooting options , but did n't find any . I set my tablet aside when I heard the `` equipment connected '' sound from my pc . I ran the tabcfg , and it started up . Shifting the tablet slightly turned them off and the software closed . All this time , the green LED is either on -LRB- to indicate that the device is working -RRB- flashing , to indicate a problem , or dead , meaning no power.I tried switching USB ports with the one had I knew for sure worked -LRB- it had my keyboard connected to it -RRB- and restarting my PC , but it did n't help . I tried wiggling the USB end of the tablet and it `` sounded on '' then off again . I realized that it was a hardware error , not an error with the drivers . Basically , in the middle of an important project , I learn that the cord on the tablet is shot . I 'm left feeling really frustrated - even since I got this tablet I 've had doubts about it . From issues with the software freezing up , to the drivers not installing right or being incapable with software I 'm trying to use , or to the hardware failing . I have n't been rough with this equipment , and store it in the box in came in when not in use for an extended period of time.Basically , if you 're trying to decide between this tablet and a more expensive one , please , save up some money and get a different one . 2 years of use while dealing with terrible software is n't worth the money saved , even if this was a gift , and a sturdier product would be cheaper in the long one . Please , get a different tablet . I really wish that I had .
 I consider myself computer savy , and installed as instructed . It said it was vista certified . First thing I noticed is when instructions said I would have icon in systems tray . Guess what no icon . 2nd no PenStudio Pro to install , so the instructions where wrong ? 3rd no Pen commander , not even Pen Annotator
 Maybe I 'm the last person to buy a tablet , but i was hoping for more instruction on using this tablet . Cheap , does what it claims , but all learning was through trial and error and web research . It would n't have been hard for the company to include an instruction booklet , in the box or on line.Just an fyi .
 I had problems from the start but began finding ways to work around them , but now I see I should have returned this asap . The pen has died completely -LRB- Yes , I 've changed the batteries . -RRB- From the beginning it had a hit and miss.When it works , it works fine , but do n't expect anything amazing . I 'd been warned prior to this.The tablet is made quite well , but the pen is poorly made and feels cheap .
 This is my first time to use a mousepen or graphic tablet of any kind . The low price was what stole me over . upon receiving the product , I immediately attached it to my USB port and gave it a try . Unfortunatly , my tablet or the pen were too sensative . I did n't even touch the screen when the computer started moving the pointer around and indicating that I was trying to grab/highlight various things . I was very frustrated at first.Then I found the icon on the lower edge of my screen for the pen and tablet settings . There , I found that the software was set at a very high sensitivity rating . I dialed that down , and it helped a lot to make the pad and pen more usable . I still feel that when I try to write or type , I have to pull my pen very far away from the surface to get it to stop drawing or highlighting objects.I found that if I placed a clip board above the surface of the tablet , then I could use it like a regular pen , and then I was indeed dragging the pen across a paper-like surface.the hot-key on the edge of the drawing surface are useful . I could define them in the settings program , however , as with the previous sensitivity issue , if I was keeping my eyes on the drawing surface , I had a tendancy to accidentally activate some other programs when my pen strayed over the hot key point.In the end , i decided to save the mousepen/tablet for when I need to draw , and use a regular mouse during every other operation such as the internet ... But as I get used to it , I may revise my opinions .
 Got this on amazon for my kids for Christmas . The pen does n't work at all . First , there are no instructions as to how to open the pen or that it even needs a battery . Once I got the battery in , the pen does n't work at all with the tablet , although the mouse does . Great ; a $ 40 mouse pad . There are no troubleshooting tips , nothing - you 're on your own with this . It 's going back .
 I 've used tablets before and asked for one for Christmas 2007 , and this one worked great until June . The wire started getting a short in it , and you had to play around with it to make the computer recongize it . Finally , it just stopped working all together . I opened up the back to see that one of the white wire was exposed . I take care of my things , and I did n't hit it or bang it around . Who knows why it just stopped ?
 Notice that the good reviews come from windows users.I got this as a birthday present . Unfortunately , even though the product claims to support Mac OSX , it really does n't . Here is my list of problems : * The CD included is ANCIENT . Forget the free software , the CD does not contain the mac versions . * Even the most recent drivers from their website are bad . They mess up some permissions and upon installation and reboot , you need another reboot to fix them . * It is NOT compatible with INK . That means , forget the handwriting recognition , unless you have some other program of your own . * The pen works as a mouse -LRB- after the painful driver installation -RRB- , but the pressure sensitivity feature does not work in photoshop . This is quite possibly due to the inability to install elements and the other software from the CD , since they do n't have the MAC versions . * Also it frequently causes photoshop to hang for possibly ~ 30sec at a time . You do a couple of brushstrokes and then the program just freezes for what seems FOREVER . * If you decide to unplug the tablet from your computer , something that you NEED to do all the time if you have a laptop , it will only work again upon plugin 1 in 30 times . The rest of the times , the only solution was to RE-install the drivers and reboot twice -LRB- because of the permissions problem -RRB- . I just got today a bamboo fun from wacom , and it works SO seamlessly . It was more expensive , but I 'm sure that the simple bamboo -LRB- the non - `` fun '' version -RRB- , works equally well , it 's just less fancy looking , and it seems to cost more or less the same as this product.I 'm returning the genius . I really consider the mac compatibility false advertisement .
 I purchased this when my puppies chewed up my Graphire4 pen . I 've compared the quality of this product and my Graphire4 - the durability of this product is greatly lacking.The pen is jumpy , the mouse is flimsy and the tablet is slim - not sturdy at all.The pen should work as the mouse does but with the pen - where you click on the pad is exactly where you will click on the screen.I submitted a return for this product and purchased a replacement pen for my Graphire4 . I will pay $ 29.99 for a Graphire 4 pen over $ 45 for this product .
 This is the most buddy POS I have purchased from Amazon . It may be useful for a kid but has no professional purpose what so ever . The mouse is erratic and neither it nor the pin can be used with precision . The software that comes with it looks like something from windows 98 . Do not waste your time .
 Waited 10 days for it to show up . When it showed up I installed the software , and sort of got it working with the mouse , the pen only works in the upper left 1 inch of the tablet . PIECE OF CRAP , do n't waste your money here . Buy something else that works . Hopefully I can get my money back from Amazon without waiting another month .
 This tablet would be good for a young person or a first time tablet user . My worst problem with the tablet is after my computer 's screensaver activates you have to unplug the usb once you 've awoke the computer . The drawing area is n't ideal because of the material used . It 's not a smooth surface , more like fine sandpaper so drawing straight lines is n't really possible .
 This tablet worked one day for me , and now it does n't even come on . I uninstalled it three times and my computer will not even notice it when I plug it in the usb port . Now I have to get a new one but I am getting a more expensive one so I know it will work .
 I purchase this device because I Believe on those good review this product have for this G tablet . thinking it will be exellent as they say , but do not believe on those good reviews . this G.tablet is complete not too bad but still waste of time and money . even for the new low price . the pen and mouse are not accurate and piontless leave you in frustration at the end . not recomended
 I have n't quite figured this item out yet or maybe there is nothing to figure out and it is just a lousy product . The pen does n't work worth a darn , which is why I purchased it . The pen skips and is difficult to position . It has never made a mark in the right place at the right time . It is an exercise in frustration . There must be something better on the market for computer drawing ! My advice would be to keep your money and try something else !
 I am going to return because it is too sensitive . The cursor moves even when you do not touch the pad !
 This tablet will not work at all with my system . I followed the instructions that another customer left here , ie download and install the Vista driver from 2007 , restart and unplug current mouse , etc etc. . The tablet still will not work . the tablet is a total waste of money for me . I hate I waited several weeks to install it or I would have returned it . Unfortunately , it 's going to just be a dust collector for me.I have a nice computer , an up to date computer , so it 's not my hardware . I went to the website to try and get some insight . . forget it . There is nothing helpful there . I had to go to a driver repository site to even find the driver we found.I did buy one for my daughter , and it works fine with her Vista preloaded laptop . The thing works fine on my husbands Vista laptop . Unfortunately , I am out of luck as it will not work on my machine . Just a heads up to other XP users . I think there should be a blurb in the product info that this item may well not work with all xp machines.I 'll be purchasing a Wacom . You get what you pay for I suppose .
 For those who do n't want to read much , I 'm going to sum this up right off the bat . Do n't buy ANY Genius item . Here is why .1 . The mouse is totally pointless .2 . The drawing pad is flimsy .3 . Both the pen and drawing pad are the level of cheap one would expect from a Happy Meal toy .4 . There are HUGE pressure sensitivity issues . When I tried it in photoshop and could n't get the pressure sensitivity to work , I looked it up . Seems like there are nothing but problems there . Either it does n't work at all or it only works when it decides to .5 . The software is cheap and crappy , just like the hardware .6 . Even when I got all of the updated drivers directly from the site , apparently the newest software on there was from last year .7 . For being such a giant , clunky and awkward pen it 's insanely flimsy.All in all , you 'd have an easier time getting a decent tablet out of a box of Cracker Jack . Do n't waste your money on this piece of trash , simply go for a better made and more expensive tablet , it 'll save you a lot of irritation .
 I do n't draw as a hobby , I do it as a career . You will regret this purchase.If you 're like me , you took a look at that price , and with a little encouragement from the positive reviews , bought this wretched thing , scoffing at the fools paying hundreds for higher quality tablets . And if you 're like me , you were disappointed . The tablet itself is flimsy and thin-you could very easily break it.The pen is bulky and cheap , and you have to hold it relatively upright to use it . Does it work out of the box ? No . At least , not for me . The little manual offers NO help , neglecting to tell you how to load the battery into the VERY fragile pen-if you try to twist the pen apart , you 'll break it . The driver downloaded right off the bat , but it 's completely outdated . You 'll probably need to download newer ones off the website.After fiddling with drivers and batteries , I plugged the thing in . It was quirky , sometimes working , but mostly not . The batteries in the pen died almost immediately . The cursor jumps around , and it 's slow . The tablet only works for a few minutes in Adobe Photoshop , and then starts drawing straight lines . There is virtually NO trouble shooting or technical support.I 've had it with this tablet . You are NOT getting your money 's worth , the thing barely functions for serious work , but I suppose it would make a acceptable gift for a little kid that likes to draw in Microsoft paint or something . The thing looks cheap and feels cheap , and I 'm sending it back . My advice
 The tablet works fine . So does the mouse that comes with it . The pen , however , will work for a little while then stop working . After a few minutes it will work fine . Five minutes later it quits again . Not happy .
 If I came within 6 inches of the pad , it would engage and start drawing . I could n't get it to stop & start on the pad , so everything I tried to do was one continuous line . The instructions were no help at all .
 I brought this product last year , and i initially really liked it despite the fact that it felt a flimsy and cheap . It definitely got the job done , at least at first . There drivers are n't compatible with Vista 64-bit , but , hey , you can forgive that , because there is plenty of things that do n't work with Vista 64 . The hardware itself still worked , but the pressure sensitivity was lost on Vista.Futhermore , it shorted out.My suggestion is to go with the wacom bamboo , which has a better reputation .
 Did not work ... all connections proper no outputUnit was obviously not powered up at factory ... NO quality control ... Expo will -LRB- supposedly -RRB- send return UPS label ... 9 days to get here . . 9 days to go back ... nine daysto get replacement ...
 Exactly what I need to a multi-zone setup . Audio only is great since I do n't need a video receiver . Have used this product in a house and we also use one in our office . When it works , it 's an absolutely amazing product.As to the rating , we 've blown 3 of these in 2 years . We 're run these into good quality 8 Ohm speakers -LRB- Boston acoustics and Yahama -RRB- through very high quality 12 Gauge copper wire . The office receiver is just to provide ambient audio for customers and employees and it 's on very low . Still blew one in the office.Have gotten support from Sherwood which was fast but they would not warranty the receivers and could n't fix the problem . Right before they went out , they would play audio for 5 or 10 minutes and then shut off . The office receiver has always been in a filtered and cooled server rack , so there 's no chance of it overheating or getting anything -LRB- dust , humidity , debris , etc. -RRB- in it.Anyway , I could n't recommend this product as is . There 's no way a receiver should go out in this amount of time , with absolutely no abuse . Based on the way these have failed it leads me to believe that the over-current protection is what 's failing . I have a crappy sony receiver that 's been going for 8 years in a cramped , overheated , tv stand , no problem . Unfortunately there 's really no company that makes a comparable multi-zone replacement for this otherwise we would have quit using them a long time ago .
 I bought this for my whole house music system based on all the glowing reviews . It seemed to work ok but the volume was never very good . I only set up 6 of the 8 speakers and 20 minutes into playing it stopped working - I assume it went into protection mode - and all I 'm left with is a blinking standby light . I can turn it on but then it stops right away again . Did some research and this is nothing new - it does n't seem well equipped to handle more than 2 speakers with anything over a moderate volume . Looks like the 7812 voltage regular is the culprit . I 'm hoping they will take it back without much hassle because it is useless at this point .
 UPDATE TO MY ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW : Bringing this one down from 5 to 2 stars due to constant reliability issues . I have had this receiver for under a year , and it is used very sparingly . 3 months since I bought it , all sound stopped one day . Took it in for a warranty repair , came back after 3 weeks with a part replaced . 8 more months , and we are back to square one but with a different problem - now it turns off automatically within 2 seconds of starting up . Back to the service center . Seems like there are some pretty unreliable parts in this receiver for the sparing use it is getting.Original Review : Great quality , sound , easy to set up.Bought this just a few days ago to drive my multi-room speaker system setup . Used banana plugs -LRB- purchased separately -RRB- for the speaker wires to easily connect in a restricted closet space . Worked flawlessly with great sound in all rooms , using am , fm and -LRB- external -RRB- cd inputs .
 I order a review on July 29 , 2011 . I got it on Aug 7 . But , I first use it on Aug 27 . Some smoke come out from the receiver . It is bad one . I am bad luck.I have to mail it to the Sherwood warranty service to fix.The seller is Electronics Expo
 The volume was very low , no matter what that volume of the source was & once the volume reached 60 , it would completely shut off . > : -LRB-
 So I bought this because it seemed to have decent reviews , and I did n't want to spend a whole lot of money on a new amplifier for my stereo . Now I do n't need extreme clarity of sound when I listen to music , but whenever I turn the volume over 40 this piece of junk shuts down and I have to reset the standby button , turn the volume down and wait about a minute for it to turn back on . So I guess what I am saying is that if you want to listen to music loud , DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK!I will be spending more money on a better amplifier .
 Sounded good at first , controls a little confusing , then it crapped out , apparently a common problem with this unit - see internet , many failures of this type .
 I bought this receiver for a pool house . Plugged it in and it will play 20 minutes before cutting off , even at moderately low volume . Have since read other reviews that describe the same problem . Also , as other reviewers have pointed out , it is not really four channels but two channels with two pairs of speaker outputs on each channel . I bought it because I needed to drive 4 sets of 8 ohm speakers . This receiver will not do that . And even before it cuts off , the sound quality is terrible . I have had a couple of audiophile friends listen to it , and they both agree that it is a piece of junk .
 Updating this review to be fair . I bought this stereo and after a few days it stopped playing , I called Sherwood and they said the amp was probably blown due to hooking up the speakers by following the instructions diagram . Anyway , I was going to return it and then found some water dripped into it from a leaking pipe connection . I plugged it back in and it works , I 'll be keeping this stereo BUT I 'm still not happy with the way it 's advertized . It is NOT four channels ! `` A '' and `` B '' channels are actually ONE channel with enough jacks to hook up 4 pairs of speakers . `` C '' and `` D '' is the other CHANNEL that does the same . If you want to hook up 4 speakers like a regular 2 channel stereo then hook 1 pair to `` A '' or `` B '' and the other pair to `` C '' or `` D '' . once you have 4 speakers going thats basically it , using the remaining channels simply `` parallels '' the speakers just like if you ran 2 speakers off the same jack , you end up damaging the flea powered amp unless you play the stereo at `` Low levels '' whatever that means . So I 'll just keep it but I regard it a very low quality stereo with misleading advertisment . Save yourself the aggravation and just get a quality 2 channel stereo and then get a speaker impedance matcher/switcher from Radio Shack to run additional speakers .
 The picture quality is not that great -LRB- and yes the actual pictures are hi-res so they should look good . -RRB- The clock does not work with the included power adapter , you need a AA battery for the clock to work.The remote does not work . I am hoping , even though they had a protective strip to prevent the battery from wearing out , that it is just a dead battery and once I replace the CR2025 battery it will work.The contrast on the clock is not clear enough , so it makes it difficult to see at times , unless the clock is far away from you , which defeats the purpose of the frame . I have solved this problem by moving the frame so I look at it from an angle . I am glad I only spent $ 69 on it .
 I have had this now since last Christmas and still do n't like it . The quality of the photos is very poor compared to other digital photo frames and the usability is worse . I have yet to be able to get it to complete a slide show with all the photos on the card .
 it is very very bad product , i recived it not warking , and i send it back
 The Kroo case will keep your Vision : M playing if it happens to fall off your desk , but once you put this case on never expect the player to look the same again . Dust will get under the skin and rub against the player , creating scratches and dull spots all over the outside of your Zen .
 It is a great case to use for protecting your Zen but i must admit that the screen cover comes off too easily and the wrong bump from someone else will give you no screen cover.But it does provide good shock protection.I would know because I 'm rather clumsy .
 The player itself was on the thicker side , but with this case on , it made it just rediculous . on top of that , the case was loose and di n't fit right , and it made things look kind of ugly , and i could n't take it . i took it off five minutes after i put it on . I hated it . I could n't figure out how to put the belt clip on , and there were no instructions to tell me how .
 Does not work at all , if there is a driver required it is not included with the cables and can not be downloaded anywhere . Useless .
 Do n't get this battery for the Pentax W30 , it does n't fit . The LI-40 for Olympus does . I got one from Adorama that works well , costs less , and claims to have slightly more capacity -LRB- 1000 mAh -RRB-
 This is more so a review of Amazon.com who was the `` seller '' of the product . It is now mid-November and I made the order back in August . I was informed there may be a delay . I 'm a pretty patient person so I decided I could wait a month . Regardless , I was given two other delay notices . Now I 'm cancelling the order.You 'd think if they have the software programming capability to send you a delay notice , that Amazon could contact one of its vendors and say , `` you know what , we could n't supply it , could you please ship the order . `` Wow , how simple would that have been ? Thank you for disrespecting my time and you lack of efficiency Amazon.-SB
 Why do n't you send the damn thing to me ? Or do you just take my money and then do n't send anything ?
 I bought this all-in-one about 1 year ago and it worked for about 6 months . After 6 months there was a message that said the print cartridge was low so I replaced them both with Lexmark cartridges . About 1 month later there was a message that stated the wrong cartridges were installed . I rechecked the Lexmark web site to make sure I had the correct cartridges and I did but I replaced them again anyway . Then the error message read ` right cartridge incorrect ' . Nothing I did would correct the issue so I contacted Lexmark and they offered to replace the printer at no charge . The replacement printer arrived and did not look as nice as the one I had . It was a reman printer and would not communicate with the PC . After numerous chat sessions with the the Lexmark support staff and two phone calls later -LRB- took about 3 weeks -RRB- they admitted that the replacement printer was bunk and they would replace it . So I have two X7350s that are mere paperweights and quite possibly there is a third on the way .
 I purchased this machine for small business use about a year ago . Lexmark has replaced the machine twice due to warranty issues , and now the 3rd one is jamming during scanning . The only way to get it unstuck is to unplug the machine , pressing the power button does nothing . I 'm sure its just a matter of time before this replacement is inoperable . I will not be requesting another replacement from Lexmark when this happens , its not worth the headache any longer . I , instead , will be purchasing another machine from a different manufacturer . The only reason this product got 2 stars is because it was a good price for all of its functions , and because they Did replace the unit twice , but with little hassle . So that makes you wander how often are they replacing `` bad '' machines for them to do it with such little hassle ??
 Frankly , I would not recommend these printers to anybody . I was looking for a replacement for the X8350 I have had the past few years . All of a sudden the printer came up with this `` right cartridge error '' . I replaced the cartridge -LRB- color -RRB- with Lexmark ink , and this still would not fix the problem.I am not a heavy printer user , just average and keep my printer covered . It bothered me to have a printer fail in under 2 years . I called Lexmark today and I basically own a hunk of junk that will no longer print.All they offered was a 20 % off coupon to go buy another one . I told them I would pass on the coupon and never buy a Lexmark product again . I am not one to typically complain about stuff , but this company seems to sell junk and wo n't back up their product.Play it safe and look for a different brand printer .
 Its too late for me to return it and I even used Lexmark support to no avail . I will not ever purchase another Lexmark . The printer and company blows .
 This system is WAY too expensive . I considered buying one until i actually heard it.There is NO BASS !!! So you have to buy a subwoofer if you want good sound from it.If you add it up -LRB- 400 for the stereo , 300 for a decent subwoofer -RRB- 700 BUCKS !
 I would have given this TV 4 stars until a few days ago , when the DVD player failed , 10 months after purchase . Sharp will pay for replacement parts but I will have to pay for labor -- basically a blank check . It is really rare to find an electronic product nowadays that fails so quickly , and consumer magazines always say to reject extended warranties . I thought I could rely on that famous Japanese quality but now that everything is made in China , I guess not . I think all-in-ones are great space savers and clutter avoiders , but if you get one you sort of have to live in fear of taking the entire thing in for one component failure , and that is what has now happened.I agree with everyone who said the delay between switching channels is annoying . Also , sometimes when switching channels the TV goes completely black , and I have to turn it off and turn it on again . These are not HUGE problems but over time they do make the TV less fun to have around .
 Maybe it 's just the one I got , but my HDMI port seems to be very unreliable . Most of the time it will be working fine , but once in a while for no reason , the screen goes black and stays black for an extended period of time . If I switch back to using component cables , it works immediately , but the picture with component cables always looks noticeably worse . I have tried connecting it to my cable box with 2 different HDMI cables , and connecting it to two different computers with a DVI to HDMI cable.The same thing happened each time , so I do n't think it was the cable or the source of the HDMI input that had any problems.So basically I 'm stuck watching it with component video , which does not look very good .
 I bought this voice recorder . Below on the page Amazon had listed the accessories that go with this product . The AC adapter listed on the Amazon site is WRONG . Furthermore , do n't bother buying this because the adapter is almost impossible to find . Amazon should correct their error and mention that the product and the adapter have been discontinued . A lot of money to pay for a recorder that does n't have any attainable accessories . I am really surprised at how Amazon has become very error-ridden of late . I will take my business elsewhere for all things not books .
 I bought this walkman based on the recommendations here on Amazon . Unfortunately , I now disagree with all the favorable feedback.First , the controls are totally counterintuitive . Instead of a `` play '' button , there 's a `` direction switch '' button , which happens to also work as `` play '' -LRB- I actually had to look through the instructions to figure out how to play a tape !! -RRB- Next , the controls are on the front , and are just small buttons which tend to get pressed by mistake if the unit happens to be in a pocket . Terrible design , unintuitive , and forces you to have to look at the unit in order to do anything - you ca n't operate it by feel as the buttons are too small to feel with your finger.Finally , maybe I got a lemon , but in 3 of the total of 6 times I 've used the unit so far , during operation -LRB- both radio and tape -RRB- I would hear a loud beep , and the the unit would either turn off or switch directions on my tape - for no reason . The unit was lying untouched on a flat surface at the time . No idea what was going on , and particularly annotying while trying to listen to a meditation tape.It is true that the unit is very light , which is a big plus , and the sounds seems to be decent . But I 'd happily sacrifice the sound a bit for faultless and intuitive operation ... Very disappointing .
 The unit is a great idea , but either has a poor design or my unit was defective . It failed outside of 30 days , so I called Sony . After a lot of time on this , they finally said that they would eventually -LRB- no time line -RRB- replace it if I paid $ 15 to send it to Texas . After chatting with second level support , it seems clear that there is no good process from Sony US to support warranty on small items.So , if you buy this , be prepared to throw it away if it has the same defect . Or , look for another brand , which probably means not using Amazon .
 I have now tested all of the Sony Walkmans featuring tape / radio that are found at Best Buy and Amazon . I thought this product would finally be the best combination and was happy with the unit , until I discovered that the FM radio has such poor reception ! I liked the remote which has the preset radio stations and you could play the tapes easily from it . The belt attachment fit nicely on the belt buckle and the tapes sounded great . I can hear AM radio , but the FM reception is just terrible , so this essentially becomes just a tape player and is not what I wanted . Still searching for the ultimate tape / radio combination that I can exercise with ...
 This is the worst set of controls I have ever seen on a radio/cassette player . Good thing it only takes one battery -- it will inevitably be left on . DO NOT buy this unless you 're about 14 . I hate it very much .
 In November of 2007 , the manufacturer of this product -LRB- Apricorn -RRB- discovered that , due to poor quality control procedure , some units which were currently in the hands of resellers -LRB- such as Amazon -RRB- were defective and were therefore inevitably headed back to them for disposition , with resulting pain to both the customer and the reseller . But instead of quickly taking appropriate action , which was to recall all outstanding units from its resellers and screening out those defective units _ before _ they were sold to customers , Apricorn decided to conceal this serious problem from its resellers by a cover-up `` solution '' which discontinued this particular model under pretext , leaving its resellers holding the bag for innocently selling out the remaining `` discontinued '' units , some of which surely possessed a known type of defect.In other words , as a substitute for propriety , Apricorn was willing to let some -LRB- random -RRB- customers buy _ defective _ units from innocent resellers , and then be forced to go through an evasive , deceptive , and onerous return procedure . The unit which I bought through Amazon , _ three months after Apricorn knew that it had a serious problem _ , suffered from this particular defect . After I returned it promptly to Apricorn -LRB- they paid for the return shipping and promised to send me a new , properly working unit -RRB- , they promptly sent the _ same _ unit back to me , without explanation . It still did not work ; hence it was neither repaired nor replaced , as promised in the warranty . Without explaining to me how this could have happened , they offered to refund my money after a second return . They justified this failure to honor their warranty , claiming that they no longer supported a discontinued product . Discontinued without _ ever _ working properly!It is inconceivable to me that one would want to buy a product from Apricorn , a company which has exhibited such a failure to deal in good faith with its customers -- unethical conduct , lack of integrity , and utter contempt for the customer .
 the brackets only fit those speakers . under compatible speakers it list almost all of Sony 's speakers but what it does not say is that you have to purchase additional arms so it can fit your particular speaker . there are at least 3 types of arms -LRB- type A , B , C -RRB- it also does not tell you that the arms are 70 dollars and only available via Sony Direct Accessories website -LRB- DAPC -RRB- oh yea one more thing that 's 70.00 for each arm if you have 2 speakers that 's 140.00 if you have 6 speakers -LRB- like I do -RRB- that 's 420.00 for arms -LRB- that should come with this kit -RRB- plus the 90.00 you initially spent .
 bought it in April and finally opened it in October , to my surprise , its only 1/3 full.no leakage and I dont think 2/3 would have evaporated awaynot only that , it does n't printSold by
 Wow , should have read the Amazon reviews before buying . I signed up to write a review with Amazon just because this product has caused me so much frustration . I have had a compact Optoma project that has been wonderful for the past four years . I bought this because it was even smaller . What a contrast ! The projector failed the first day . Received a message saying `` Lamp Did Not Strike '' ?? After following directions and checking the lamp door and reseating the lamp , same message . This is my third time trying to get through to customer service . The first two times I was on hold for an hour before having to leave . So far it 's been 45 minutes ... -LRB- I 'm never buying Infocus again . Back to Optoma ... -RRB-
 You really want to love this projector . I bought three ! Clients ooh and aah over the sleek size and of course it is easy to carry . Thats where the fun ends . Two of the three have broken down in moderate use within 6 months . The first has been under repair for 10 weeks and there is always something `` not right '' even when they do work . Customer Service from Infocus has been horrible and I am done with them as a company to do business with .
 They 're small ... They 're beautiful ... but they 're totally unreliable . Of the 30 LP120 we own , only 3 of them have not yet required service -LRB- i said not yet ... -RRB- . I have 7 broken ones now . LAMP DID NOT STRIKE ... LAMP SHUT OFF ... . are usually the welcome message with the LP120 ... BUYERS BEWARE . . Turn around time for a repair 2 months ...
 I never received this product , but it was deducted from my account . I felt extremely cheated .
 I bought this same product at target for $ 5 . It was a so-so item for a little while , and I knew not to turn the volume too loud ; but even though I took care of the product , it only lasted a very short time before it would n't work at all . Not a good buy .
 I live for music , day in and day out . I bought this product on base because I did not want to spend over $ 20 and by the end of that day I wish I had spent more on something else . You can barely walk with this item , it skips very easily . I tried it in my backpack , but the motion of my walk was just too much , I ended up having to walk to where I was going with the device in my hand . The volume does not get loud enough with the headsets and if you are using the mini-speakers , make sure there is absolutely no other noise in the room and keep your windows closed , because you can barely hear it . It 's worth the price however , and if you are just lying in your bed or sitting on a train or bus , this is good .
 The tiny speakers are barely audible . Having opened it , tried it , and realized this we were amazed to find that this company , ANTonline , will not let us return it . They will not , in fact , accept any returns unless they are in the original package , sealed . Even then , they will charge you a re-stocking fee of 15 % . Go elsewhere to buy this item , if you must have it . And ALWAYS check the `` return policy '' before buying anything . Amazon will not cover this either , they only help with items which are materially different than what you ordered.Buyer , beware .
 I bought this CD player to listen to books on tape while travelling , so sound quality was n't that important to me . I was pleasantly surprised to find that the sound quality was actually very good . However , this player skips with the tiniest of bumps . It 's a great low-cost player IF you can keep it perfectly still .
 I bought this cd player about a month ago and I already had to get a new one . If you are looking for something very very simple then this is ok for you . It does not have anti-skip which became very inconvenient after a while . The sound quality is n't the best either . If you want something very simple then this one is good .
 I had the system shipped to my niece because I was n't sure if I could make it to her party . I did make it to the party only to find out that gift I had sent her was broken ! It played . . which I suppose is important ... but none of the other functions worked . It would n't rewind , or fast forward or even stop ! The only thing I could do is play and eject . Talk about a bummer . I will never buy an electronic device from Target.com again . And to top it off , I could n't return it to Target I have to pay to ship it back and then the Target gods will decide whether or not to send me a refund . I guess I have learned my lesson . If it seems like too good of a deal , it probably is . Always be cautious when they are offering free shipping ... maybe they are just trying to get rid of them and hoping people will be too lazy to jump through the hoops to return them when they are broken !!!
 I bought this thinking o this is so great its so cheap . When i first got it worked fine but then a month and a half later it would turn on i bought new batteries put them in made sure they were in the right way and it still didnt work .
 I bought one and sent it to my kid at summer camp , it lasted 3 days ! This product is pure garbage !
 this cd player is horrible ! do n't buy it . ull just be wastin ur money . i got it and it did n't even work . i got another one and same tihng . just go buy a $ 40 - $ 80 dollar player from sony .
 Tried this as a possible improvement over using AA NiHM batteries in my Olympus D-524 camera . Turned out to be a DOWNGRADE . Did not stay charged as long as my Panasonic 1950 mAh AA batts . It would die a sudden death -- no low battery warnings before the camera shut down . I have gone back to the dependability and predictability of the AA NiHM batts . The CR-V3 now gathers dust . It did not even improve the flash recycle time . Just a waste .
 The Delkin battery seems average , but upon opening and plugging in I felt the charger ... roughly the weight of a piece of printer paper . Very poorly made , to say the least . Still looking for an alternitive brand .
 THE battery is good after a full charge . It lacks in holding the promised charge . I find after 2 weeks it is questionable , depending on how many pictures were taken before the camera sat waiting to be used again . I got over 100 pictures when used in 3 days , Which is more that my AA nimh 2100mah . Which I bought from Walmart -LCB- so probably not a super battery -RCB- The wallmart batteries actually hold the charge longer -LCB- very sad -RCB- . The charge time is not to long when charger from half charge.Over all , I hope the next ones I buy will be better than these . My solution is to carry a non rechargeable battery in my case for when the Delkin dies . I also try to give it a full charge before leaving the house , as there is no memory effect . I also recomend checking to see if there is a firmware upgrade for your camera . Every camera shuts off when the battery is at a different power level . My Nikon coolpix 3100 , seems to shut down sooner than later . All reviews should mention what camera they are using for this reason . Have been using 3 months now .
 I bought this battery in July 2004 . I charged it as soon as I got it . I put it in the camera and then used the camera about 10 days later . The battery was dead . So I charged it again and put it in the camera again . I used it and it seemed to work fine . But the next time I went to use the camera -LRB- Approximately 2 weeks to a month later . -RRB- it was dead again . As I write this review I am sitting in a hotel room in Prague . I charged the battery ten days ago . I used it once 7 days ago and took approximately 15 to 20 pictures -LRB- Did not use the flash -RRB- . I then used it again today . I was able to get another 15 to 20 pictures before it went dead -LRB- Did not use the flash -RRB- . I bought the lithium rechargeable battery because they have the longest life and no memory . So now I have to charge the battery everytime I use the camera . This was a big disappointment . I get better life out of the standard Duracell alkalines . It appears that this technology has n't been perfected or that Belkin has not perfected their quality control . Beware when buying this product .
 The silver `` metal '' paint wore off within a few months and the plastic clip broke off so it can no longer be clipped to a pocket . Also , the turning mechanism that exposes the pen tip no longer turns without great effort . I bought this for my boyfriend and he got a few months of use out of it , but now it 's basically junk . Neat design and fine quality of sound , but not lasting .
 This pen keeps falling apart . Also , it is difficult to use the recording part because you have to almost shout to record anything . I am sorry I bought it .
 The recorder/pen looks nice but does n't work very well . I could never get mine to turn on without taking it apart , jiggling the batteries and then trying to turn it on again . Your money is better spent on a non-China made product .
 The pen fell apart in a matter of weeks , and I hardly had the chance to use it . I bought it to use at work , since I was n't allowed to have my cell phone on me , and I constantly have song ideas running through my mind ... I wanted to capture them before I forgot them . So I kept this pen in my pocket . The recording function stopped working after only a few uses , AND the ink did n't work , either . So it was trash after that .
 This one was a flop . I bought one for my son and one for my daughter . My daughters stopped working right away . My sons will play but it skips a lot . So I am looking to replace them with something with a little better quality .
 Now I 'm dissappointed in Memorex . My Memorex TV broke . And now , my CD player from Memorex broke as well . Does n't close . Latch is broken . Well , it 's good while it lasts . Also other people have the same problem on circuitcity.com too ! I agree . Do n't get it . Get the RP2472 made by RCA instead . Works gr8 for me .
 CC has replaced this item with a slower version . The original had a cl rating of 2.5 . This has a cl rating of 3.0 . The smaller the cl rating , the faster each command is accessed . The picture is of the original chip .
 I got this as a request for a cd player for Christmas . Boy , this thing blows . Whenever I walked , it didnt skip . Worse , it turned off , with fresh batteries . Speaking of batteries , this thing eats em up . Doesnt last 45 minutes with top notch batteries like energizer . The radio was alright , dont use it much though . Speakers were mediocre . Dont go with Coby . Go with brands like Panasonic . I got that blue Panasonic portable mp3 cd player . Its Expensive , but hey , its durable , no skip at all , plays mp3 cds . And it looks cool too .
 Got this set last X-mas ; used it approx . 30 times always with new `` AA '' Duracell batteries . I did n't use it for a month or so then in August I tried to play a CD -LRB- not a copy-an original ! -RRB- and it only plays for the first 40 seconds then just spins and spins and spins ... no sound , no new track song plays , nothing !!! I am an adult who takes very good care of electronics ... there is no explanation for why this CD just quit in such a short time ! Sent e-mail to Coby cust . svc ... no replies as of 2 weeks ago ! Stick with the `` real '' brands !
 I bought this portable cd player based on the reviews and the affordable price . First , it 's super sensitive , just pressing the buttons causing the cd to skip . The digital display is so faint I can barely see anything and I 'm still trying to figure out where the AM/FM radio is located on this thing . ** I beg you , please do not waste your money on this cd player **
 I have not baught this cd player , but I do have experience with them . I have owned at least three of them in this price range and I am distrought about the lack of options that come with this item . I looked at the technical information on this , and saw some of the basic functions like hold , and resume as a no . If I were you I would not purchase this cd player .
 Bought this from amazon because I thought OEM part would be more reliable and amazon would stand behind it ... Wrong . . dead after 5 months . Amazon does n't take returns after 30 days and directed me to NEC who never answered my email . This time I 'm going with a knock off which is much cheaper and comes with a 6 month warranty from the seller . Total rip off on this item from amazon . . for that price a faulty product should be replaced .
 My product was purchased via Amazon , but the actual seller is Projector Parts . I 've had this item on my wish list for maybe a year ; figuring that I 'd order when the lamp in my projector died . It does n't make sense to buy lamps ahead of time , since if they come with a warranty at all , the warranty runs out while the lamp is sitting on a shelf waiting to be installed . However , the price suddenly dropped by about $ 60 to $ 104.90 from $ 165 , and I took a chance . I see that the price has gone back up to $ 169 as I write this.This is NOT a NEW NEC-brand replacement part as described . The product description clearly says : Brand Name
 I too bought this lamp thinking I was getting an OEM replacement lamp for my NEC LT240 projector . This lamp only had 40 hours on it when it stopped outputting any light whatsoever.I have arranged for an RMA but would have preferred to have had a lamp for the next 2000 hours of enjoyment . Now I am more likely to spend my time searching for a different projector , as I can not seem to find a reliable replacement lamp for the system I have now.Completely disappointed . First I bought a Chinese fake from eBay $ 200 -RRB- , I thought Amazon would be more reliable . Goes to show , you never know .
 I bought this for my Sony HDR CX 500 . It was worthess because itdid no focus at the camera zooms . I sent it back and bought the Soundy lense which i a littl big but works fine .
 I was looking for a compact decent sounding stereo for my kitchen and bought this thinking it would be great to install on the wall . After about a month it sporadically stopped reading the cd 's and now after 6 months you ca n't get thru more than 60 seconds of a cd before it stops . This morning I tossed it in the trash where it belongs .
 This thing is horrible . My parents bought me this for my room . At first I was excited but eventually became diassapointed.PROS : * Nice blue blacklight * Good sound quality * Cheap * Two speakers includedCONS : * Bass Boost is HORRIBLE . If you want some good bass do n't get this product * Does n't have any presets * Does n't show what time it is * Bad manual * Sometimes does n't read my CD 's * Control is useless
 I bought this unit 11 months ago on sale from a local department store that said it was marked down 70 % from $ 100.00 to $ 30.00 . I thought that I was getting a good deal . I loved the design , it 's compact size and the sound quality was n't too bad though it could use more bass . A week ago it began to stop in the middle of play and two days ago it stopped reading CDs altogether . I used a CD cleaner , no change . I called Coby Customer Service and they told me I could ship it back to them and for $ 31.00 they would fix it and send me a new one . Huh ??? When I asked if that meant they would send me the repaired one too they said no they would just send me a new one -LRB- for $ 31.00 -RRB- . So I said `` So ... basically you are just telling me to buy a new one . No thanks . '' It 's not worth $ 30.00 and it certainly was n't worth $ 100.00 .
 It appears more effort was put into creating the look of this system than into making it sound good . The sound quality is no better than an alarm clock . The remote controller controls so few functions that it is impractical . Digital tuning is nice but w/o presets it 's not very user friendly .
 This product looked cool , but it is just cheap made too fool customers with its smooth looks and great reduced price . They sound is horrendous , with a loud undercurrent of statick . Dont be fooled by the price and cool exterior .
 We live in Europe , where electronics are super-expensive , and I bought this item in a major department store when I was in the States . I was lured in by its low price and original design , and was sold on the 110-220V adaptability . Well , do n't be fooled . When I plugged it in and turned it on , sparks flew - LITERALLY . I can not even get it serviced here , nor can I return it , obviously.Save your money .
 I purchased this product less than 4 months ago . Already the CD Player does not work . When I bought this product I was told by Amazon that the manufacturer had a year warranty . However when I called Coby they told me that after 3 months you have to pay almost the same amount to have your old one fixed as it would cost to purchase a new one.Dont waste your time or your money .
 After a few days the cd stopped reading . Still the radio is working . In reallity I never expected to get a quality product for 35 bucks , so I 'm not surprised .
 I bought this so called `` stereo '' system at a Big Lot 's Store for about $ 40.00 . I figured since they were selling it there it must be a good deal , and it looked very cool too . It worked for about a month before it started skipping and remote was wigging out . It never sounded any better than one of those old plastic 45 record players . It looked good in my daughters bedroom but it lookes and sounds much better in the dumpster . I ca n't believe this company can get away with selling this worthless crap . I will never buy anything from them again .
 I bought my stereo at the Army and Air Force Exchange Service -LRB- AAFES -RRB- Store and after two months , the right speaker broke . I bought it because of the design and value . It cost 40.00 without tax . I will buy a better 100.00 Sony stereo as a replacement .
 This is a pretty cheap system and when it arrived you can see why . Upon opening it you can hear things clinking around inside of it . It was also so light that it almost seemed fake . If you want to just play a CD or listen to the radio then it will do the job . But if you want quality sound and function then you should invest in a better more expensive one . This was for my parents who are not very technological anyway .
 I thought that this was an adapter from SCSI to USB . That is what my amazon search was . From the picture provided it was not possible to determine that the one end was not a USB connection .
 Even garbage has some use , but this thing ... Sony should recall this stinker immediately . It 's currently the only stand-alone burner sold in places like Best Buy or Circuit City . It overheats -LRB- or something -RRB- after about 40 mins ... this is power time , not 40 minutes of burning time . At this point it starts introducing static-hellicopter sounds over the music ... utterly useless . It is marketed as a cd archiving device for transferring lp , cass , VHS , DAT ... whatever . Nobody would buy this thing to just play discs , as it only reads cd and cdr and is 300 bucks retail . On it 's main selling point of burning , it fails miserably . I 'll get my money back , but not my time wasted on this thing . Buyer avoid !
 I chose to return this item before putting it in service because I discovered too late the disc compatibility issue
 Update 11/24/07Yes , it took me a long time to provide my update . Sorry.I did take this unit back , but did n't bother trying another one of the same . I bought the TEAC CD-RW880 CD Recorder instead . It does the job and it works with no glitches . What more can I say ? ======================================================================= I had read all of the Pro and Con reviews . But , since most of the negative reviews were a bit dated , I thought I would be reasonably safe now and decided to purchase the RCD-W500C , with some trepidation . Oops . Started it up yesterday and , essentially , the unit will not record . Period!The unit does not seem to recognize any signals to the `` Deck B '' -LRB- CD recording -RRB- side . External analog signals do n't activate the recording level meter at all . And , neither do signals from the `` Deck A '' -LRB- CD playback -RRB- side . Yes , the cables are connected properly . Yes , I am going through an audio receiver . Yes , I am using Audio CD-R CD 's . The `` Deck A '' does play pre-recorded CD 's correctly . Since the unit is new out of the box , it 's going back for replacement -LRB- Circuit City -RRB- . If still no good , I 'll try a different manufacturer . And , I will provide an update.By the way , negative comments about the Operating Instructions are all on target . Even if the unit is operating correctly , you must read the whole thing carefully to avoid mistakes . In my case , it did n't matter . The manual is unclear and not well organized . Pertinent information is scattered throughout.Caveat emptor!Not recommended.Therck
 I 'm on my 4th one , mostly because it 's so familiar to me and I have a hard time finding a similarly-priced unit that will do the same thing . BUT MAINLY BECAUSE I HAVE TO KEEP TAKING IT BACK UNDER WARRANTY !!!!!! Do NOT buy this unit without the extended warranty , it WILL give out on you .
 I bought this for use in a church to record sermons , etc. . So we did n't exactly super-stress the unit . After about 4 months -LRB- note > 90 days -RRB- it would just stop recording after about 30-35 minutes . Sometimes we could finalize what we had , sometimes not . I did n't want to believe the negative reviews I saw before purchasing - I should have . If you do get one , get an extended warranty . I got one for 2 years and they 're refunding my purchase price . Sony decided it 's too costly to repair .
 I 've had 4 of these in the past 3 years , and all have had problems . The first lasted about 18 months , and maybe 700 + recordings , and then refused to finalize discs -LRB- the dreadedC14 message -RRB- . The second worked 11 months , then did the same -LRB- maybe 400 recordings -RRB- . It was still under manufacturer 's warranty , so Best Buy simply gave me another . It also failed after 11 months , with what looked like tiny scratches on the disc surface but actually were thin streams of oil . Best Buy either changed employees or policy and would n't exchange it , but charged me $ 30 to send it to their repair facility . So I bought another -LRB- the only recorder they stock , apparently -RRB- while I wait . It failed on the first recording -LRB- C14 again -RRB- , and has failed about once every 2 days since . I guess I will have to exchange this for yet another . Quality control at Sony Malaysia is not up to this company 's former standards.BTW , none of them would record on TDK media -LRB- the ones made for audio/music , not the data discs -RRB- , so I wound up tossing 200 of them . They also would n't record on Memorex , after they started putting out the 40x discs . I have stuck with Fuji , Sony , and Maxell , all of which work well , when the recorder actually works.Sony should be ashamed of itself .
 I hold a Master 's degree in electrical engineering , work as an electrical engineer , and have invented several items which have resulted in patents . In the past I have worked both as a cameraman and audio engineer at several radio and TV production facilities . I have also been a church organist for over 30 years , and have guided my middle son into a music career -LRB- He is currently doing graduate work in trombone performance and has been principal trombone with two pro orchestras and one band -RRB- . I have a fairly extensive A/V system containing both store-bought gear and personally designed and built equipment.I am a long-time Sony user and previously never had problems with Sony equipment , so I recommended this recorder to an 80-year-old former pro musician friend who has several hundred original tapes he wants to put on CD . The menuing system is similar to that in Sony 's now-obsolete minidisk decks , two of which I own , so despite an incredibly poorly written manual , I did n't anticipate problems getting the recorder to work.The recorder malfunctioned right out of the box and would n't finalize properly . After a few more tries , it appeared to not do much of anything properly . After a lengthy conversation with a tech at Sony 's Laredo , Texas repair facility , during which he asked me to perform various diagnostic operations with the recorder , he finally announced what I already knew -LRB- it was broken -RRB- and said to send it in for repair , which I did . It came back still broken with the same symptoms . Three times it came back broken with the same symptoms . I finally convinced Sony to send me a new unit.The new unit appeared to work correctly , but would n't play back CDs just recorded -LRB- yes , I used Sony blanks -- Audio CD-Rs , not computer CD-Rs , and made sure -LSB- to try -RSB- to finalize them -RRB- . The recorder did n't recognize a just-recorded disk in the record/play drive , which it should have even without finalization . It did n't recognize the disk in the play-only drive . My Denon CD player recognized the disk and could see the individual tracks , but could n't play any of them.I have now tried two different Sony units , both of which malfunctioned right out of the box , but with different symptoms . Those of you who have units that work correctly , keep your fingers crossed ! The recorder could fail any time , then good luck getting it repaired .
 I had a Pioneer real-time burner that I used for about 7 years prior to buying this piece of junk . The Pioneer unit worked fine until it finally gave out . The Sony deck was initially OK , once I worked my way through an extremely confusing operator 's manual . I succeeded in making several good-quality `` needle drop '' CD 's from older lp sources . However , after about 90 days , everything went wrong . I could still make whole CD 's and finalize easily , but 4 out of every 5 cd 's I made skip when played back in any other player , be that the car , my computer , or at the office . In short , all the time and money spent have been for naught . I wo n't buy any Sony components again .
 I was taken in by the price and versatility of this unit , but I see now that I should have read the mixed reviews more carefully . When it worked , it worked just fine . However , after owning it for a couple of weeks , I found that it was temperamental , and that it would refuse to finalize CD 's randomly , claming they were dirty or defective , even though I just taken them out of the box . Sony 's customer service is worthless . I learned my lesson and returned the unit , and purchased the more expensive , better made equivalent Denon product . I will never buy a Sony product again . They have a nerve offering this for sale to the public .
 I just bought my unit on ebay . It was a refurbished model directly from Sony . My main -LRB- only -RRB- purpose in buying the unit is to transcribe several hundred cassettes onto CDs . After realizing I did n't have the right blanks , I went out and got what should be the right blanks -LRB- Memorex CD-R digital audio -RRB- . The unit SHOULD accept any commeercial sold blank as long as it is in the right format . That got me to where I could see that the disks were being read and appeared to be recording . With some problems , I was able to `` finalize '' a disk , however , it does n't play in either the A or B drive nor on my regular CD player . I read where one guy said you have to use Sony blanks . I 'm going to try that as a last effort . If that does n't work , I 'm probably gon na return it and just leave my cassettes alone . Soundwise , they are fine . It 's a matter of storage and space . I tried to record an LP and that did n't even appear that it was recording by way of the sound bars . I 'm gon na keep trying for now , but this unit has gotten an awful lot of bad press . I have a Sony dual cassette player that works fine , but this item may not fall into that category . So , to sum up . So far I ca n't record and LP to CD , I have n't been able to transfer cassette to CD that finalizes and plays , and I have n't been able to record a CD to CD . That sounds like three strikes and you 're out to me . Any CDs I burn will be done on my computer . That 's much faster than what this unit could do and the reproduction quality has been excellent . Since writing my review , I followed the advice of a reviewer to use only Sony blanks . They must be the CD-R digital audio type or they wo n't work . I was able to successfully record a cassette to CD and it sounded great . I hope my problems with the unit are behind me now and I am encouraged to make further copies .
 This piece of equipment is just awful ! Ive yet to record anything , Its just to complicated for what I 'm asking it to do sadely it has a 5 disc cd changer that sounds like it was first concieved when Japan was a part of the Axis , and why not just make a machine that just records one cd to a blank cd I guess that they tried to capture both markets in one machine I should be able to put a cd in one side and a blank in the other and hit record and actually have it record . Sadely I never recieved a degree in electrical engineering so maybe this is the problem ! Im not the kind of guy that has the patience for this back and forth stuff so as of tomorrow it will be fair game for the `` Dumpster Divers '' Jim Copeland Delray Beach Florida
 I have been a loyal Sony product user for over 30 years . However , their Compact Disc Recorder RCD-W500C / W100 is the most confusing piece of equipment to operate that I have ever seen . It reminds me of apparently the latest manufacturing thought about anything high tech - incorporate as many bells and whistles as you can to accommodate everyone 's tastes . For instance , why does it need a remote ? How many people will be cutting CDs from their easy chairs ? I have a call in to two friends who I hope can rescue me from my dilemma .
 I have had this unit -LRB- well , not this particular unit since it 's already been returned twice -RRB- for a little over a year and IT STINKS . The first unit I had just stopped recording cdr 's after about 15minutes . I returned it to Sony -LRB- that 's right-no returning to the store -RRB- and they sent me a `` reconditioned '' unit . The reconditioned recorder worked fine-it just would n't play any cd 's . Back to Sony it went . My brand spanking new `` reconditioned '' pile of waste wo n't play cd 's nor will it release them once you get the door to open . Sony should be ashamed of this garbage . DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT UNLESS YOU WANT A WORLD OF ANNOYANCE .
 When I connected the machine , it would n't recognize my multimedia CD 's to record music . I purchased a spindle of TDK audio CD blanks which it recognized . But when I attempted to record , I found the recording level control was inoperative . I returned the unit .
 This is the most aggravating piece of junk that I 've ever bought . Although mine finalizes all right , mine finds new ways to aggravate . What happens with mine is that it will let you record half of a cd of songs from various cds , and then it will give you the `` TOC rec err '' or the C14 rec err message . What this means is that no player will play past that point when you try to play it . Unless your player has a `` Shuffle mode '' that will skip the gaping gap in the CD you 're up the creek without a paddle . All of your time will have been wasted.I 'll NEVER buy ANY SONY product again . Their customer service is non existant . Do n't encourage them !
 I have to agree with the other two posters that this CD recorder is a piece of crap . So disappointing . It wo n't finalize any discs . Spent the entire evening trying to get it to work , with no success . What a complete waste of time and money . I have lots of other Sony audio equipment , and am generally satisfied with Sony products , but this CD recorder is joke . Please save your money and your time and buy another manufacturer 's model .
 The favorable reviews written elsewhere in here must be plants by Sony operatives , because my experience , sadly , replicates to the letter those described in the negative reviews . The machine plays CDs fine , but its recording process is fraught with problems . The directions are not only inscrutable , from my conversations with Sony tech support -LRB- you have to go online to find the telephone number - it 's not included in any of the materials , and that tells you something right there -RRB- I have learned that the directions are incomplete . But even with the tips provided by the tech support people , the machine hardly works at all . A typical problem
 The first unit we bought , would not finalize properly , AT ALL . I bought the extended warranty , because this is a SONY -LRB- duh ! -RRB- , so I took it back to Circuit City and exchanged it for a second one . The second unit inserts scratchiness over top of the recording . Some here have described it as static , or a helicopter sound . It 's all the same . Do n't believe Sony 's electrostatic interference BS explanation . If that were the case , you would n't be able to burn a CD in your computer ! Back to the store for a third unit ... I have 3 years on this warranty , I 'll go through 50 units if I have to . Shame on SONY for their sloppy quality control . Remember folks , if it has moving parts , do n't buy a SONY .
 I bought one reconditioned and found numerous faults with the machine . My project is to transfer vinyl LPs and cassettes to CD and wasted about 20 discs to get 2 usable ones . The analog recording process just did n't work . And the CD changer is so noisy as to be distracting . The one CD I transfered to another disc as a trial worked fine .
 I just bought my recorder , and already found serious problems .1 . It wo n't record from other components in stereo .2 . When I try to record in high-speed synchro , I get error messages.Yeah , I 've been ruining a bunch of CDs , which brings me to the less serious issue of having a hard time finding the digital audio CDs this unit requires , and when I did finally find them , found them to be about three times as expensive as the ones I was using on the Sony RCD-W3 I had to replace after using it for several years.The unit is slow , and yeah , the instruction book can be used as kindling . Only.I 'm taking it back . I hope I can find a non-Sony unit online .
 The Sony recorder is the worst I ever owned . When I first bought it after a week recorded cds would skip or not play.I sent it back for repair it was lost for three months.Now 15 months later the player is skipping and not playing disc.Get alot of no disc , when there is a disc in it.Before I bought the Sony . I had three JVC units never any problems other than I wore them out.When I went to purchase another one Jvc no longer made them . The sony was the only one I could find.I have never been a fan of Sony except for their portable items Walkmans ect . I 'm now going with the Yamaha CDRHD1500 HDD its high price , but you get what you pay for . It also seems the home CDR recorders are becoming a thing of the past so if you plan on buying one you had better act fast.Get a good one , it might be the last one you can find .
 This product was represented as being very good ... but with frequent statements about `` Read the Directions '' . This sounded like warning enough . `` Read the Directions Over and Over '' . It is much worse than that . The is no place in the directions that tell you how to record single tracks from multiple discs . The directions for finding this are actually intermingled into 3 separate places . . one being ... in how to PLAY from multiple discs . I have had other recording machines ... so . . although not the most `` tech inclined '' ... had enough knowledge to use and enjoy the others.This machine is terrible . Try finding the `` Program '' button ... usually a first step in recording from multiple discs . This machine is just not worth the trouble . It does do a fine job in just copying an entire disc ... beyond that ? Garbage heap material .
 This is a total rip-off . I bought this unit because I did n't want the confusion of recording my own CDs from a computer . Was I mistaken -- big time . This is the most confusing unit I have ever worked with , and I still have not been able to figure out how to record my own CDs on this unit . Plus there is no customer support -- you call and get the usual run around via robotic messages.A total waste of money . Sony , you should be ashamed .
 I used to buy a lot of Sony gear because it was well made and reliable , not so much anymore . This unit worked til the warranty ran out then jammed with my media inside . I had to disassemble to retrieve it . Not very pleased to say the least . When it worked , it was fine , a tad hard to use .
 Can not record cdrws properly meaning if you record and erase more than 2 times it will stop recording or allow to complete the recording but will not finalize . If you are mixing using cdrs better get it right the first time .
 I have spent too much time with this machine trying to learn how to use it . The manual , rightfully criticized , is near useless , confusing , unhelpful even with basic functions . I can not get the unit to perform consistently ... when it does work I 'm often at a loss as to why . I bought it for a variety of purposes , but the most important one was to mix a CD , then make copies of it . I have gotten more than once halfway thru my task when the B side has reverted to its first track , or worse . Very unhappy with the product . So unhappy that I will never buy another piece of equipment labeled Sony . They have no excuse for releasing a product with such poor documentation . No excuse at all .
 I was looking for a CD player/recorder primarily to record from tapes & radio onto CD 's . From the information about the RCD-W500C on Amazon I assumed it could do these things , plus I had read one , or two of the customer reviews , where the person said they made CD 's from records . It did play CD 's better than my old player -LRB- my old one is junk -RRB- . But when using the instructions -LRB- for recording CD-R 's -RRB- from the manual , at a certain point what the unit did diverged from what the manual said it would do . I was never able to get input levels to check before starting recording . I could not get an input signal from the tuner , or the tape deck , or the turntable . It made me wonder why this thing had an input cable at all if it would not work ! When I first unpacked this item , I thought `` oh no , my receiver is from -LRB- about -RRB- 1999-it only has a CD input , no output , '' but the -LRB- RCD-W500C -RRB- manual said to connect it -LRB- input/output -RRB- in a tape deck port , so that was one potential problem avoided . As far as recording from outside sound sources such as radio , tape , or records , the manual was not very helpful for these issues , in fact it only mentioned an outside input source for recording in the instruction manual once when it said
 I purchased this product on October 31 , 2010 . I never got the chance to use it until February 1 , 2011 . It worked fine on the first 20 discs I recorded . -LRB- I was recording vinyl discs . -RRB- The unit then became operational intermittently , then finally quit altogether , around February 15 . I was informed by Sony Service center to send it to the Sony Exchange to swap units with an operational one . -LRB- I had to pay another $ 191.41 , to have the unit repaired , because I was unable to obtain a proof of purchase invoice -RRB- , and the exchange center would not accept the packing invoice . The Sony Exchange Center did not have a replacement , so it was then sent to a Sony Service Center . I have received no information concerning repairs . I have always been a Sony promoter , but will NEVER buy Sony again .
 This recorder will frustrate the hell out of you . It is a piece of crap and you will waste hours trying to convert your LP 's and Tapes to CD . It has a mind of its own , the push buttons on the recorder and remote buttons may or may not work . I ca n't count the hours wasted trying to get this thing to work properly . If you want to go ahead anyway , make sure you use CD-RW and not CD-R discs because you will need to erase frequently and start over . Very disappointed with Sony for dumping this piece of junk on the Consumer .
 This player/recorder is overpriced junk . Do yourself a favor and buy yourself a computer cd burner . I suppose this is why the market does n't really offer this kind of burner anymore . Junk , junk , junk !
 I bought this recorder , and had to return it , since it requires an amplifier to record from LP to CD -------- which is my main objective . Strange thing is , I CAN record DIRECTLY from my turntable to a DVD on my DVD recorder !!!!????!!! Unfortunately , I ca n't play DVD 's in my car.I too found the Sony instructions extremely inadequate , and quite lacking.Any suggestions `` out there '' ?
 This unit is incapable of finalizing CDs . Piece of junk . Should be taken off the market immediately . Shame on you Sony .
 Do n't buy this piece of junk . It has ruined several CD-R 's by giving a C-13 or C-14 error . It does not recognize digital audio CD-RW 's , at least FUJI CDRW80DA CD-RW 's . I got a replacement for the first recorder I got and the replacement works the same . If the recorder did not ruin my CD-R 's , I would give it a 4 or 5 rating because , WHEN IT WORKS , it works well .
 I 've had the unit about one year -LRB- purchased new -RRB- . For about 9 months it played and recorded well . I had not used it for about 3 months then tried to record . Using music cd-rw discs which I had been using all along the unit will not recognize in input . It will recognize the disc and go into the record mode but it is not sensing any input . I know nothing last forever but 1 year is nuts .
 My experience with this has been a frustrating one . For the two years I had it , approximately one out of every five times , 20 seconds into the finalization process , I got the message `` Incomplete ! '' . That CD is now garbage . I threw away dozens of Sony CDRs because of this . When you look that message up in the manual , it tells you the recorder could not finalize your disc . Well duh ! I sort of guessed that ! Might as well have an explanation that says `` This recorder does n't always work '' . This is VERY ANNOYING ! I 'm doing nothing unusual and there 's no rhyme or reason to it that I can determine . It even does it sometimes just straight `` synchro - recording '' , though not as often . If you try to play that CD , you get an error message that says C14 TOC error and the explanation of that says something like `` the recorder can not read the table of contents '' . Yeah , I know ... WHY ????? I 'm trying to take the advice of other reviewers and limit the recording to 70 minutes , but a cd recorder really should be able to record 80 min on a 80 min disc . And I 'm trying to minimize vibration , but this continues to happen . Also , sometimes when I put a blank Sony CDR in , it reads `` No disk '' . I get the impression Sony simply has not perfected the technology here.I had rated this two stars , but have now returned to make it one star -LRB- but ca n't figure out how to change it -RRB- . Because I now have a whole new problem ! It just jammed on me ! Loaded 5 CDS in the changer ; played a few tunes . Went to eject one of them & the tray came out empty ! Closed it & then it wo n't read or acknowledge any of the trays . It lights up like there are CDS in it , but does not play or eject any of them . Unplugged overnight - still the same . WHAT A PIECE OF JUNK !!!!! As others here have said Sony should be ashamed -LRB- but they 're not -RRB- . To have Amazon readers & users experience the same problems - the jamming , the finalizing , the non reading of discs - tells you this is simply an unperfected piece of equipment . Read all the reviews - you 'll see a pattern . And Sony does not care . If only there was a better machine out there - even for more money . And that 's what I 'm off to find , since I now have to dismantle this thing in an attempt to retrive my CDS , before I throw it away . Sony wo n't get another of my -LRB- hundreds of -RRB- dollars.BUYER BEWARE
 well the instructions are so incomplete and bad I have n't figured out how to use it I would n't recommend it
 I bought this CD recorder several years ago . At that time , it was about the only CD recorder available . I suppose that 's because most people use their computers to make their CD compilation disks . But I do n't make mixes that way , so I needed a CD recorder.My biggest complaint about this CD recorder is that it has ruined so many CD-Rs . I 'll record the whole 70 or so minute CD , hit finalization , it will count down the 1:04 of finalization , get to the last second and say `` Incomplete ! '' The manual says this is due to vibration , but there is no vibration around . This repeated trouble has made me hate this machine.The second complaint is that whenever I want to use it , even after several years , I have to refer to the owner 's manual , and often I still have trouble figuring out exactly what I have to do.Here are my recording practices . First , I do n't want to record from computer because my music files are compressed -LRB- I do n't have enough hard drive space to not compress them into AAC format -RRB- . Second , I like to make music mixes that are intermixed , with one song starting before the other one is finished . This , too , can be done on computer with DJ programs , but again , the music is compressed . So I record all my music on my stereo system 's Mini-Disc recorder . Unlike CD , MD is a dream to record on . After recording , I can divide , combine , and move tracks , and there 's no such thing as finalization ... I can do this any old time I please . After my music mix is perfected , then I record it onto CD so I can put it on my computer and play the CD in my car . So at least when the CD recorder says `` Incomplete , '' I have n't lost my music mix , just some time and yet another wasted CD.I ca n't even imagine trying to record a compilation CD on this thing . I have made some direct CD-to-CD recordings within the machine using program play , but only with minimal programming , and certainly only with the maximum of 5 discs the play deck can hold -LRB- rather than trying to do a second program or adding tracks individually -RRB- . But every time I want to use program play to record , I have to review the instructions . My Mini-Disc recorder , on the other hand , is easy to use . -LRB- It 's also a Sony , and I love my Mini-Disc recorder . I hate this CD recorder . -RRB-
 Please do n't ignore the unfavorable reviews of this product ! We have had ours for around four years now , and while it makes a decent-sounding recording when it actually works , the inconsistency of it actually recording a readable disc is beyond frustrating ! We use it to record services at church so , unfortunately , we have irretrievably lost hours and hours of music and teaching due to a `` TOC Error '' . At first , it was only being picky about TDK brand CDs so we began buying Memorex Music CD-Rs . Now it wo n't even record consistently on those . The most annoying thing is that it only notifies you of the problem AFTER you have recorded the entire CD . Such a waste of time and money .
 I ordered the Sony RCDW500C disc player recorder based on the extemely positive experiences I continue to have on Amazon , and it was the best price I could find on the internet . Unfortunately the unit arrived pretty much DOA . I wrote to Amazon and they gladly took the unit back and refunded the whole amount . Great job ! I subsequently purchased a similar unit from a local electronics dealer . It is a great unit .
 I ordered this as a christmas present and it turned out to be a duplicate . I emailed the company right away on the 26th ... no response . As I type this , I am sitting on hold letting the phone ring and ring until someone answers ... 44 minutes and counting . This shipped from Electronics Expo in New Jersey . I would not order this product again in a hundred lifetimes if this is the service I receive .
 i hate mini disc and by the way people this is not from sony 's quality days sony hasnt been good since 2002 get an old sony cassette deck for recording thats top notch it will work ten times better then this i guarentee i gave this a try and sent it back it wouldnt work for me at all
 I 've had this for two years , using it to make live recordings of our church services . It worked reasonably well , although we had 5 % - 10 % disc recording failures . Two features turned out to be very useful
 Here 's good news/bad news . Good news is that I have converted a lot of vinyl to CD -LRB- > 30 discs -RRB- with great results . The bad news is that I threw away MORE than 30 discs !! This unit continually begins recording , and then randomly -LRB- can occur anytime in the recording when resuming after pausing or stopping -RRB- displays an error message . Such a message can come after you have attempted to record one song , or 23 songs ! I can not tell you how frustrating that is . Can you imagine the time wasted filtering ~ 23 songs off of various albums , pausing in between cuts , shuffling the vinyl records back and forth , cleaning the stylus periodically , etc ; and then being `` informed '' by the unit that there 's a disc-error ? I have whisked through FIVE brands of `` music CD '' blanks and have had the same problem with all of them , including 30 % of Sony 's music discs . If an error message occurs , the disc is , at that point , rendered unusable and can not even be recognized by a computer even if only 3 or 4 minutes of recording were seemingly accomplished on the machine . It should be noted that the machine CHECKS blank discs first , and nothing ever seems out of order . The unit has not flagged a SINGLE ONE of the the discs that had to be discarded prior to recording .
 This unit never worked . It would record a cd but not finalize . Called customer support and was told to take it to their nearest service center . I called this location and was told they could n't help me I need to send it back to in to Sony -LRB- at my expense -RRB- . They received the unit on Jan. 9 , 2004 . On Jan. 26 , I called to check the status of the repair and was told the needed part was backordered with a `` scheduled '' delivery date of Feb. 5 . I asked for a refund or replacement and was told they would call be back within 24 hours with an answer . They never called.I called back today Jan. 30 and was told they will not replace it or refund my money . When I tried to ask if they beleived this to be good customer service , I was interrupted and told `` we have sold a lot of these units and you just have to be patient and wait in line '' . Although I was disappointed originally when the unit didnt work I realize sometimes these things happen . What I did n't expect was to be so rudely treated by their customer service people.I own a Sony stereo , TV , VCR , and a boombox . You can be sure I will never own anything else made by Sony .
 Sony RCDW500C Compact Disc Player / RecorderRecording seems to be a hit-or-miss affair . I 've recorded a full disk with no apparent problems only to have the unit fail to finalize the resulting disk . It would not even play it back . Also , although my unit is only 20 months old and has been very little used , the remote system no longer works -LRB- and no , it 's not the battery -RRB- . If you want reliability , buy something else !
 ITEM WAS CLAIMED TO BE TESTED , BUT IT CERTAINLY DOES NOT WORK.I KNOW HOW THIS ITEM SHOULD WORK CAUSE I HAVE ANOTHER ONE JUST LIKE IT.CAN ' T GET MY MONEY BACK NOW BECAUSE OF &#34; SELLER 'S &#34; REDICULOUS POLICY.WOULD ` NOT &#34; RECOMMEND THIS SELLER TO ANYBODY.HENCE THE TITLE &#34; GOT HOSED &#34;
 This battery charger had a short in the wiring . The plug did n't even fit all the way into the base . Did n't anybody test this product before they started selling them?My money was refunded , minus the shipping & handling both ways . So I 'm out $ 20 for the s & h. ; I should 've gone to my neighborhood Fry 's Electronics instead .
 I have built five or six of these units and each has approximately the same problem ... They rondomly go into self oscilation and destroy the final transistors without mercy.I have found that running a different final , the IRF530 rather than the stock P16NF06 has drasticly inproved the performance , greatly reduced the oscillation issue and it has about 10db gain . With 4-watts in , I get a true 40-watts out.Set the bias to 200-ma , that gives an idle current of 100-ma per final transistor and all is happy . Also , the T/R relay has no delay . whenever you are keying your transmitter , the relay follows the keying speed no matter what . Add a 47uf-50v capacitor from ground to the cathode of D2 and this will give a little delay between CW characters thus greatly reducing the chatter . If you add more delay , you risk allowing the amp to go into oscillation when it is powered up wit No drive.For the price of under $ 50 bucks , I believe it is not a ripoff but it does come very close . You can build a similar amp with less problems for about the same price from scratch .
 I was told , when I bought this at Christmas , that it took a standard USB 2.0 cable , which is true , and that it would work with either my wife 's PC or my Mac . It will Not work with a Mac -- no software available , and my wife has no USB ports available . I am going to have to purchase a hub for her PC , import files there , hopefully , and then move them to my Mac , which has software that will work with the sound files . Extremely inconvenient . Nothing on the package indicated it would only work with Windows ; I would n't have bought it if it had . -LRB- I have found numerous posts saying that Mac owners have contacted Olympus about this . None have received Any responses !
 I also had problems with converting file formats . Do n't buy if you are planning to burn recordings onto CDs . Also , apparently the headphone jack is designed to only work with one headphone instead of both . Kind of annoying . And the quality of the recordings in NOT very good at all . Perhaps due to comparison -LRB- Sony IC Recorder ICD-PX720 - MUCH better product for about the same price -RRB- . True , this Olympus recorder is one of the only `` cheaper '' digital recorders I could find that works with Windows 7 , but hopefully that will be resolved soon enough . Oh , and be careful about ordering through BuyAccessories . If you have a return problem , they are not very easy to work with .
 While it works great , you can not convert the . WAV file using Microsoft Media Player . Oh , MMP will PLAY the file , but when you go to convert it to an MP3 or just burn the file directly to CD so you can play it in a CD player , it does n't work . It says that it does n't recognize the codec . Olympus was at a loss to explain the work around . What I ended up doing was purchasing a third -LRB- or fourth or even fifth , with as low tech as it turned out to be -RRB- party converter that was able to convert it without a problem . Why wo n't MMP convert ? Because the Olympus . WAV file uses a proprietary codec -- one that they will NOT send out . I was on the phone with them for over an hour trying to convince them that , no , it does n't convert . The person I was on the phone with the longest had no clue about the proprietary codec.Anyway , if you want to use this product for your class notes , etc. , it 's a great product . Just do n't expect to easily/quickly burn a usable CD with it .
 Buyer Beware ! This is not a genuine Epson cartridge . Very misleading description . Would not recommend .
 I had another basic FM transmitter and it worked fine in my area . I get lot of static and I feel frustrated . I wo n't advise for my friends .
 HORRIBLE !!! Bought a 10-pack and 5/10 , literally HALF of the discs were UNFORMATTED and UNUSABLE ! Will NEVER use Memorex again !
 I must have received a bad batch of disks . If you were to look at the sides on the spindle of disks there is a bunch of warping . As far as a being able to record on them only 1 out of every 5 so far have worked , then when I try to play back the disks they skip . Very unhappy with this product . I had to buy more disks as these have been utterly useless to me .
 == Bushnell Image View 8x30 Camera == It 's been frustratingly difficult to find a good or even adequate review of these binoculars anywhere on the Internet -- including here on Amazon ! I 'd hoped to provide one , but sadly , my binoculars arrived brand new with a major defect
 Unfortunatly when I opened the box and attempted to use the new device it did not work . Only the non electronic standard binocular portion functioned properly.All the electronic portions were totally inoperable . I have since contacted the company to get a working model but have not heard anything back as of yet.I am hoping they will provide me with a model that actually operates . Until then it is difficult to review an item that is dead in the water.Thank you , TM , Seattle , WA
 Unit takes terrible pictures . Shutter speed is horrible . Battery life worse than the shutter speed . Do n't waste your money .
 This is `` just '' a good binocular . The pictures are horribles . I tried to use like a camera but do n`t work . All pictures are vibrate .
 What I was looking for on this product was to be able to look through the binoculars and take the picture of what I was watching , maybe that 's not even possible I do n't now . In my mind description is misleading.If what you 're looking for is a camara bundled with binoculars this is it . maybe helpful If you want to snuggle a camera into a concert or something , I ca n't think about something else somebody would use a product like this.If what you 're looking for is very close pictures from what you get from a binoculars optics then this is not it .
 This piece of garbage did not work upon receipt and when I called to return the item , they had the gall to ask for a 15 % restocking fee for an item that did n't even work ! I will never deal with this company again and am even questioning if I am going to continue my Amazon shopping based on this experience . Could n't even understand the people from Amazon and Store 123 when they returned my calls . It 's called ENGLISH people . Official language of the United States .
 I was unable to get this to work . I have dad several others try it . I did not keep the packing so I could not return it . THIS WAS A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!
 The company which fufills orders for this item has a contract with UPS that does not allow UPS to hold the item for pick up at the customer 's convenience ... I have better things to do than wait around all day for the UPS guy ... I would not order from these people unless you know you can wait at home all day for delivery ...
 Can not find a manual online , hard to reach customer support today , antenna extension does not hold a signal . It seems to slip a bit off the post on the adaptor . I 'm back to where I was before I paid for this , and have to keep my roadyxt in the boombox near the front door instead of moving it further into my apartment as the extension kit would have allowed if it worked . Sometimes it did result in playing the XM signal a short period but then would stop . Today it does not give any signal at all until I remove the extension kit and go straight from the boombox to the antenna without the extension . I wonder if the `` boot covering '' some have mentioned has a function but if it does , it would be nice if Audiovox would explain how to use the connection in a FAQ or manual . Apparently replaces the Delphi SA10006 but did not hold a signal on my roadyxt and belkin boombox , which work fine with the original home antenna . Intended for a straightline connection as far as the weather boot , but the roadyxt home antenna has a 90 degree angle end , but that is not the cause of the problem . Main problem is it 's just not reliable , maybe mine is defective .
 Not durable . The top side with the data easily comes off . They scratch easily . I tried to remove a removable label and it came off with a huge piece of the silver .
 MAYBE 1 in 10 of these CD 's will even be recognized in your machine . 9 out of 10 give me a disk read or media error when burning with my Mac Pro . Will never buy these again . What happened to quality control ?
 I bought these after reading reviews that they 're the best CD-Rs out there . I do n't think the other reviewers actually bought the product . I 've used 9 of them since buying them and every one of them has either skipped after a few plays or is easily scratched .
 I would rate these Verbatim CD 's a zero if possible . I had ordered the exact same product prior to this purchase and all 50 worked fine for burning music which was the only reason I bought them for . This pack , however , is so far a dud . The first 10 cd 's burned fine from my laptop and played back fine , but would not play in other laptops , etc. . I refuse to waste my time trying out the next 40 to see if they work . I will be choosing another brand when I re-order as it is not even worth the time to try and return this pack . I will not purchase these again .
 Just as the title says
 10 disks were bad . That many per pack here are unacceptable . Each pack will differ of course . Apparently Verbatim 's marketing plan is this balancing of customer risk against its costs .
 This is the only brand of CD I 've found that wo n't work in my CD player in my car or my boom box or a clock/radio/cd player . It says right on each disc that it holds 80 minutes of audio . I called up customer service for a replacement under their lifetime warranty against defects . He told me that they 're only made to work on the computer for data . Then why put 80 minutes on each disc ? Worthless if you want to put audio on these .
 We ordered two spindles . We 've tried both . Sometimes they copy and sometimes they do n't . It wastes our time . Will go with another brand in the future . I have had the same problems with these discs in the past . If I had remembered which ones they were , I never would have purchased them . It 's not worth the inconvenience and cost of sending them back .
 I have burnt several discs from this stack and none of them work . They are all dead . The disc will burn successfully , but it will not read anywhere . K3B can not even verify the burn.Really disappointing . The $ 14.99 price tag is too good to be true . Have had really bad luck with these , returning and buying Memorex , which I 've used successfully the last few years .
 I bought these because of the good reviews , but my experience with these CD-Rs has been terrible . First of all , the highest rated review for them claimed that they had a blank surface
 I ordered these discs after reading everyone 's reviews and I ca n't believe this product got good reviews . I tried 3 discs in a row and each time the material would cancel due to an unknown error . Waited a little while , rebooted my computer , tested a Sony disc and a Memorex disc - both worked fine . Tried the Verbatim discs again and same thing they are unwritable . I would not recommend these to anyone .
 I bought this spindle to put my LP 's on CDR . I 've done hundreds in the past and had very few complaints from quite a variety of CD-R manufacturers . However , this spindle from Verbatim are absolutely useless for music CD-R 's . My computer burns them , and recognizes them . My car recognizes them and plays them ; and my car is usually pretty picky about CD-R 's . My TV -LRB- ie . DVD/CD player -RRB- even plays them . My upper-end Kenwood multi-disc player , where I usually play music , wo n't find them and it will normally play almost anything!After trying 6 , just in case , I give up . What a bad purchase . They 'll now be saved for data only use , and 100 discs -LRB- oops , 94 discs -RRB- will last me for years . Meantime I have to run over to Wally World and buy some music compatible discs to finish my current project .
 I have always trusted Verbatim disc products and never had any problems with any other products made by Verbatim . I used several of these discs for mp3 files to use in my car 's mp3 player . The songs skip to the point they are not worth listening to . I noticed that the CDs are practically see through . I am very disappointed with this purchase and I am not sure if I would trust Verbatim again . I would not trust this product for backing up important data .
 These CD-R 's will not play in car CD players ! NONE !!!! I tried 5 different vehicles , new and old , nothing ! 4 other brand of CD-R 's burned the same exact way -LRB- itunes -RRB- played just fine!What a bunch of CRAP !
 This package of Verbatim CD-R 's has a higher level of failed discs than I have ever had before . Easily every other disc has been defective . I have to check everything after I burn it to make sure it 's functional , which is a royal pain . I finally just threw the remaining CD 's away . Save your money !
 Dont buy these CDs at all . I wasted 10 CDs to burn thinking I am doing something wrong while burning . Then I realized that the CDs are of bad quality .
 i have two cd/dvd buners and three cd burning software programs . the programs are windows media player , nero srart smart and roxio . the burners are a standard cd burner and a sony drive . the only program that would burn music or pictures was roxio and the only drive that would work was sony . because i can burn music and pictures i 'll keep the cd 's but i won ; t buy more of them not your fault , its mine for not doing more research.red hickle
 doesnt work in my car -LRB- which is the reason i bought it -RRB- and doesnt hold too many songs ... . . . .
 Purchased a while back and just now ran out of the old stock . Of the 100 cd 's I have tried to burn 15 - only been able to get 2 to burn and then they will only play on the computer I burn them on . Will not play anywhere else . Cleaned the laser lens on my burner and did not change a thing . I read more good reviews than bad ones on this product ... so I am wondering if I just got a bad run ? DO I dare ask for a replacement ? - UPDATE
 It should go , download music , burn disc and play but not with this product . It 's download music , burn a Verbatim disc , hear nothing so burn again using a better product then play . I opened this too late after purchase for return but I will NEVER buy a Verbatim product again . Ever .
 I had considerable problems with bad discs in this order . More than 10 % were bad and , as a result , I wasted many more than that . I was trying to burn a play list over several discs and each time I inserted a bad one , I ended up having to start over , wasting the ones that had already burned and quite a bit of my time.Ultimately I was able to use only a little over half the package .
 So far 9 out of 10 discs have had errors when I have tried to play . I recorded on 2 different computers and tried playback on 4 different players . They arent worth returning ... . save your money
 Verbatim
 Every other CD will burn and play correctly . If you need plenty of coasters then this is the product for you , if not I would stick with another brand .
 I bought these to use with my Korg D3200 Studio recorder and my Apple Macbook Pro . Neither device is capable of burning to these Cdr 's . Both pull up a media error while burning . One burn seemed to complete only to be unreadable by my cars Cd player . These are the only Cdr 's I 've ever had these problems with . Failed on 3 different devices . A total waste of money . Do n't buy these !
 I should have stayed with Memorex - I 've never had problems with them . These burned fine , play OK in my car , but they do not play on a high-end stereo system . After making 9 discs of music for a friend 's daughter 's wedding , and none of them working unless everyone will come out and stand around my car , these are an awful dissappoinment .
 It was needed for a special occasion . I had to find a local store pay extra money that I thought I was going to save , then had to return because I needed on Verbatim brand ONLY!False ad , I guess . They claimed they found error too late ... Poor business to me !
 I have never had problems being unable to burn music or data to disks before until now . I was convinced it something on my end . But , after much troubleshooting I have concluded that these disks wont burn on from any pc . Complete junk !
 I absolutely recommend that you not buy this product from any source . The CDs are manufactured with a foil layer on one surface -LRB- the `` top '' -RRB- . Any scratch or any labeling will pull the foil from the disk body rendering the CD useless . Buy only of you want to throw money in the trash .
 You get what you pay for . These were the cheapest CDRs I could find , and I fully regret buying them . They are very hard to get to play in my car 's system , while other brand CDRs play right away . I will never buy Verbatim again !
 I have used 12 discs so far and 4 were ` corrupt ' already . Telling me i only had 22 MB 's on the empty disc.Kinda sucks
 After seeing the majority of favorable reviews for these , I bought them . A huge mistake . I have now burned 6 of the 50 as music CDs using my computer . The first three were given to a friend to play in her car -- none of the three would play . I burned the other three for myself . Although the CDs would play , some of the songs had a strange type of `` interference '' sound . It seemed to come up only on certain songs , and only in certain parts of the songs . Nonetheless , it is sufficiently distracting that neither I nor my kids want to listen to these CDs , which are all going to be thrown away . Although I should return the spindle -LRB- given that I 'm batting 0 for 6 -RRB- , the hassle of packaging it and mailing it back is n't worth the time this will take , so I guess I 'll just `` eat '' the $ 20 . I wish I 'd have listened to the reviewer who suggested buying Kodak . Although they are more expensive , I would 've saved myself $ 20 and a lot of aggravation .
 Simply that , I ordered it in November and now it 's January and i still have n't received it ... I just got tired and went to best buy ... ridiculous
 This item comes up under a lightscribe CD search . It is not lightscribe usable there is lettering all over the top of the CD . If you are looking to actually use the item with lightscribe this is not the one for you . I 'm sure they are fine CDs for whatever else you are doing .
 In all fairness , I simply gave these discs one star for each that `` sort of '' burned correctly . I 've tried 5 of them . 2 failed during the burn . 2 wo n't play anywhere . 1 sort of plays , sometimes . What I mean by that is that there is constantly a fight to get a a player -LRB- tried 4 different ones -RRB- to recognize and play it . They were cheap , I 'll give them that but they are absolutely useless . I 've personally had a 80 % failure rate . And to boot , they seem quite flimsy to me as well . Not sure how they 'd hold up in the long run . Chances are I wo n't have that opportunity anyway . I simply can not recommend these . Good for those who have had better luck . It happens though and I do generally like Verbatim products . I use their blank Blu-ray discs and those have been wonderful .
 Just as the title says , my newest batch of Verbatim CD-R 's were awful . It seems as if they switched manufacturers . I stocked up on these 100 disc spindles in 2010 and finally used them all up without one bad disc in the bunch ! When I reordered them in 2012 , I was dismayed to find that only 1 out of 10 actually worked -- the other nine became useless coasters . How disappointing ! Amazon was very helpful and sent me a replacement spindle , but that too was a big dud . They ended up refunding my money , which was great . I 'm pleased with their customer service , but I 'm very unhappy with Verbatim and their shoddy product . I really hate when a great product goes bad , and sadly , this is the case with Verbatim . I will not be buying any of their media again .
 I would not recommend these CD-Rs . I have had lots of problems with these . I even slowed my burner down to 4x and they still failed . For a specific `` audio burn project '' , after encountering a failure with the Verbatim CD-R , I tried again on a blank TDK CD-R , and the TDK worked perfectly . I 've done this several times . This is not a fluke , the Verbatims fail more often than not -LRB- sometimes you get lucky - does n't happen that often -RRB- , but the TDKs never fail . To make matters worse , even if you get lucky and the Verbatim burns successfully , I get skipping when playing the burned audio CD on my stereo CD player - I have never had this happen before and I burn a ton of CDs . Do yourself a favor and buy another brand of CD-R .
 When I opened up the package I noticed that the discs seemed thicker than normal . My wife and I tried to burn music on 3 of them them on two laptops -- good quality Toshiba and Asus laptops -- and once the CDs were inserted into the drive the laptops vibrated and hummed loudly . One of the discs did not want to come out of the drive . I 'm glad they did n't damage anything . We returned them to Amazon . All other discs we have operate smoothly in those same laptops .
 Some of these discs burn well , but the number that do not have issues with burning is far below what I expected . I recognize these are not `` top-of-the-line '' items , but I expected better than 50 % . Out of the first 10 discs I burned , only 4 of them worked without skipping or some other issue . Some simply would not burn data . These are common issues , but the rate of failure is beyond what I would expect even in this price range .
 So I am not sure if it 's the age of my players , both my cars are 2002 models , but these CD-R start skipping way sooner than the previous spindle I had -LRB- that was probably 5 years old -RRB- . Some of the CDs skip parts of songs immediately after they are burnt . And those that do n't start skipping after the most minute scratches . I have older style CD R that are scratched to hell and back , and work just fine . So again , either it 's an issue with my players and the `` newer '' CD R , or they are pretty crappy .
 I have purchased these exact same CD 's -LRB- Verbatim 94554 -RRB- two or three times before , and had absolutely no problems.However , I have n't had the same luck with my latest spindle.I burnt 12 of them , but none of them play in my CD player.This is strange , because I have purchased the exact same CD 's before and they always played perfectly.I burnt them with the exact same computer , at the exact same speed , with the exact same software.They do play on my computer , but in my CD player.And my CD player is not the problem , either.So , I do n't know what Verbatim did to these CD 's , but they simply do n't work for me any more.I will be buying another brand .
 I recently purchased a spindle of Verbatim CD-R 's and I was extremely disappointed at the defect rate . Of the 50 CD 's on the spindle , I 've used 37 and 10 have been defective , meaning unusable . Some would n't write at all and some would get half way through the writing process and then create errors that caused the write process to terminate . Upon inspection , some of the CD 's had visible defects in the reflective surface . I 've been burning CD 's for many years now and have NEVER had this high a reject rate , or anything close to it . I visited Verbatim 's web site to give them a piece of my mind and was displeased to discover they have no customer feedback tool on their site . This was my first purchase of Verbatim CD 's and it will be my last .
 I have been using CD-Rs since 1999 and have never had as much of a problem with CD-Rs as these . Sometimes the burn okay , but the data verification stage usually fails . I use Nero to burn CDs . They seem okay for data CDs -LRB- which I would n't have bought a 100pk spindal for data CD use -RRB- . For audio CDs I have had a horrible results . They burn okay , but hardly any of my CD players will read them . I have tried brand new DVD players to play the audio CDs with the same result . Sometimes they will play , but the tracks will pop , his and sound distorted . Eventually the sound quality drops over time . I think I would be better off with an LP Record compared to the sound and over all and life span of these . As they get older , the few that discs CD players can read have tracking problems . When you press for instance track 8 it takes a long time to seek to that track and plays the wrong track in the middle of the track too . My very first set of CD-Rs -LRB- bought in 1999 -RRB- were Verbatium when they were still made in Japan . Those original discs were great and they still play like new to this day . Based on my experience I would not recommend these unless you only need to burn data . My last 50Pk was Sony and they worked perfectly . I have also used Memorex , Fuji , Kodak , IBM to name a few of the main ones with out a single bad burn or problem . I did have issues with audio CDs with older Imations -LRB- 4X speed -RRB- so I will not purchase the Imation as well as the Verbatium brand CD-Rs ever again .
 This review is about an experience with a 100 disc spindle I bought locally , did n't pay attention of `` Made In '' part of the label and later had a bunch of discs fail hours , days or two weeks later . The spindle disc ID in question is Made in India by Moser Baer . I 've used many spindles of Verbatim over the years from consumer grade to `` Data-Life '' and this spindle has earned the spot of worst by far . 1-5 bad discs is common with most makers , having a few discs fail after burning is troubling . I hope Amazon does n't carry the `` Made in India '' batch that I suffered with.Pros
 I 've used a little over a quarter of these so far to burn CD 's , and easily 7 out of every 10 will not play in a Sony personal CD player , which I use the most , or an LG DVD/CD player . I 've tried changing the burn speed , but to no avail . I 've never had problems with Verbatim before , but this batch has put me off . It 's just not worth the aggravation . I 'm returning to Sony and hope its CD-R 's remain trouble free .
 Verbatim makes the greatest dvd + r dual layers but I guess they are n't so great with cd-r . I suppose I got a pack from the other manufacture.Burned audio cds only read properly on my computer , regardless of what speed I burn it at . In a stereo system , each track is very skippy . In my car , it sometimes plays fine but mostly errors out on initialization . When it finally does play , it sometimes skips.I 've bought really cheap cd-rs before , and they are so much better than these . Unfortunate .
 Five of the first 10 discs gave me initial write errors . After the third in a row I gave up and returned the lot for refund . All I was doing was making backup copies of my CD music library using Toast.I went back to my dwindling supply of Sony CD-Rs and proceeded to copy 15 discs worth with no trouble at all . I should n't have given up on Sony . I have never had trouble with Sony , contrary to the majority of reviews on Amazon . Go figure.Verbatim CD-Rs , IMO , are crap . Avoid at all costs .
 These discs are rubbish . 2 out of 5 have been defective , so far . Last night it took me 3 discs to finally get an uncorrupted data disc . Never had this issue before . Certainly wont be buying Verbatim discs again .
 I have never had problems with CD-Rs , but then again I just ran out of a 100 pack that I bought so many years ago I can not remember when . It is not atypical to find polarizing reviews of products listed on Amazon , but I personally never have issues with the things I buy . This is the first product that I felt compelled to actually write a review about.I ordered the 50 pack , and while everything seemed normal during the burning process , I soon discovered that a lot of these discs simply do not read properly , rendering the disc unreadable for a second try . I think my first dud was either the second or third disc I tried . Things would look normal -LRB- I use iTunes -RRB- , but when the process would hit `` finalizing '' a read error would pop up and my Macbook would spit the disc out.So far I have attempted to burn 13 of these CD-Rs , 8 of which were successful . That 's a 38 % failure rate , which is honestly unacceptable for any type of product . Even if every remaining disc burns properly from this point forth , the product still finishes with a 10 % failure rate . Food for thought , shop smart .
 I bought this item and the success rate for cd writing is about 60 % the remainder are not operable . I think that the company should sell 50 disc for the price of 30 because -LRB- for me -RRB- that is the success rate . When I spend money on something I should not expect a large percent of what I am paying for to not work .
 Most of the CD 's in the pack was unusable , actually I have yet to find one that works in the remaining 80 discs or so . Ca n't believe it !!!
 I bought these back in September at the same time I bought a batch of 100 Verbatim DVD discs . I only used a few of these CDs , as I had some Verbatim CDs that I had bought from Amazon before . I 've always been happy with Verbatim with almost a 100 percent burning success rate . Yesterday I tried to burn an audio disc and my laptop would not recognize the disc . I tried several more and got the same results . I thought I was having a problem with the CD burner , so I tried to burn the disc in my desktop computer . Same results , it seems that almost all the discs in this spindle are defective . I found some of my old Verbatim CDs and they burned with no problem in both computers . I 've gone past the return date for these , I do n't know if Amazon will replace them or not . I guess I should be happy that it is a problem with the discs , not the CD burner .
 I bought these blank cd 's after hearing so many good things about it . I should have done my research before I bought it because these disks are horrible . I went through 11 cd 's in a row trying to burn some songs and none of them worked . They all had errors , and when it tried to burn , it would automatically stop and eject out of my computer . After the 11th failure I had enough and threw the 50 disc spindle in the garbage . I should have stuck with Maxell because I never had a problem with those . I 'm purchasing a new batch of cd 's from Maxell after I finish this review . Lesson of the day ... do n't buy this trash
 Vista will not recognize blank Verbatim brand CDs ! My laptop burnt other blank CDs in the past , so when it did not recognize the blank CD I put in , I checked the Vista site , and the message board showed that others had the same problem . I wish I did more research before I bought all of these CD 's :-LRB- hope this helps someone else !
 I had to return the entire spindle , every disc was defective . I figured after trying 10 discs it was time to give it up !
 CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP JUNK JUNK JUNK DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUY I AM VERY VERY SERIOUS
 Strange . i can imagine that every computer and CD write is different . But I ca n't burn these CD with my computer . Unlike other products , these CD can be somewhat sensitive . So at least these ones do n't work for me . I tried to burn CD with other computers . Then it worked . That is , these CDs are not 100 % defective . However , it means , they ca n't be used in some computers .
 These blank CDs were so unreliable that we eventually pitched them . We were burning music from digital files and then had to listen to each one from start to finish to be sure of the quality
 For years I used TDK and problems were extremely rare . I decided to try these since the price was right and the reviews were good . I totally regret buying these.I have had many different types of failures on multiple computers with different burning software , such as only writes 10x , cd players cant read the disk to not even other computers being able to read them.I have thrown out as many as have worked , maybe more.I have also used other brands of cd-r 's at work etc and the failure rate of these are the highest .
 I bought a spindle of 50 of these blank discs . These are not good . I am only halfway through the spindle and have 7 `` duds '' already ! -LRB- Windows Media Player can not record them , while other CD ROM brands work 100 % . -RRB- This is very disappointing .
 Not sure if this is the fault of the shipping company or the seller , but when the package arrived , the spindle case was cracked and broken . It now only has one of three saftey lock tabs wroking . the others were broken before I opened the item .
 I am disappointed with this purchase ... . I guess it 's my own fault but I searched specifically for Lightscribe cd 's and this Verbatim package was listed within these search parameters . Not sure if I 'm going to keep or return them . I guess from now on I 'll have to double-check each item before ordering . This is the first Amazon purchase I 've made in 3 years that I have been disappointed with .
 When burning an audio cd both WMP and realplayer recognize a blank cd and go through the burning process . Unfortunately , an error message pops up saying that the cd could not be burned , that there may be a problem with the cd or the drive . The process renders the disk unusable . If you 've attempted to burn the cd using realplayer , you may be able to play the cd in the car just know that you wo n't be able to skip tracks , some of the tracks will stutter and skip like a scratched record and some tracks just wo n't play at all . I am currently in possession of a stack of shiny but ultimately useless drink coasters .
 believe the warnings junk only half work error with cd or product writing capability , only time ive ever had issue with discs . now you have been warned , buy at your own risk
 The first 6 CDs are just all failed . I had to trash all of them , and just tired of trying . . I thought it should by my computer 's problem , but I tried the 7th one on my friend 's PC and the 8th one on my friend 's MacBook Pro , all failed ... Do n't buy it !!
 Ordered these the end of December , so the 30-day return window has closed . I have tried copyingVerbatim 94691 700 MB 52x 80 Minute Branded Recordable Disc CD-R , 50-Disc Spindleonto several of them in the past few days , and none of them will work . I had a few old TDK CD-Rs left , same specs , and they work fine . I contacted Verbatim , and they e-mailed back and said to ship them to them for a replacement . Why should I pay for the shipping , only to quite possibly get another package of equally inferior discs ? ... Here 's the latest , and it gets worse . I e-mailed and basically told them what I said above , and a guy with a heavy accent whom I could barely understand called and instucted me to break them up into pieces and take a picture , then e-mail it to them along with my receipt . He followed up with an e-mail , identifying himself only as `` service manager . '' -LRB- I 'll bet they have many `` service managers . '' -RRB- Like a good puppy , I complied . After breaking a couple with shiny , jagged pieces flying everywhere , and the tiniest of pieces sticking to my hands , carpet , etc. , I did as I was told with hands , scissors , wire cutters , etc. . I was determined to follow this thing through and see how ridiculous it would get.Never , ever would I buy Verbatim products again , and I would suggest that Amazon both update their ratings based upon the overwhelming majority of recent reviews , and never offer their products as deals of the day or hour again!UPDATE
 I got these CD 's after having read the mediocre reviews , so I knew it was a gamble but I did n't need very many so I figured it might be worth it . Anyway , I started burning and went through all 50 disks before finishing the 21 that I needed to create . The rest of the disks were garbage , but I got what I needed . So if you expect to get all 50 to work , go with a better brand .
 I bought these on a friends advice , and ended up giving them away i had two disk 's that my burner could not read . Also i had eight out of fifteen disc 's fail after i had burned them for different reasons . I had been using various generic cdr 's with only an occasional disc failure prior and since trying these . Maybe i got a bad stack but i will not be buying these again !
 There are no MINUS or 0 star options . I have been recording audio books from Libri-vox to listen to at a later date and also renting audio books from our local library . Half-way through listening , EVERY one of the recordings becomes scratchy over the voice readings 'til you can no longer recognize the words.Re-recorded on another brand and the sound recording was fine . Tried Verbatim on other devices , and the sound was still absolutely horrible . Also downloaded other recording software with the same scratchy results . Verbatim 97458 700MB 52x80 are Totally UNUSABLE !
 Too many ` coasters ' . My drive would accept about every fifth disc . Never had this problem with other brands . Verbatim will NOT get any more of my money .
 I am on my third spindle of these blank discs -LRB- I listen to a lot of audio books that I download off the computer -RRB- . When we used to buy other brands , it seemed like every third disc would not record at all . I have not come across a dud yet ! Am very happy with these and will purchase more to be sure . -LRB- EDITED MAY 16 2011 -RRB- I wrote this review about the # 94554 discs which were great , I went through 4-5 spindles of them . Lately they are not available , but # 97458 discs are . These are not so great . They seem to be `` seconds '' . I am only halfway through the spindle of 100 and have 10 `` duds '' already !!! This is very disappointing .
 Verbatim used to be a trusted name for me , but no more . Out of the first 15 discs , over half gave me coasters . Just awful . Stay away .
 If you are shopping for Verbatim 94554 and you therefore select 94554 on your Amazon search - you get shunted to 97458 . Many users agree that 94554 are much better discs . It think is a bad deal that Amazon is doing this . Hopefully this warning will help .
 When I use these , I have to make several copies of one audio file . So , using the exact same audio , program , and settings ; two or three CDs will work fine and one or two will fail . If this continues for the rest of the spindle , we will likely purchase another brand next time .
 Rarely have I ever submitted a review for a purchase . However , this particularbuy deserves at least a comment or two.The discs overall were just terrible . Three out of four were defective and wouldeither not record at all or made a partial recording of the data . After the12th disc , I just stopped and threw the remainder into the garbage . By the way , of the twelve discs used , three were salvageable.I 'm a fairly practical individual and understand that at times quality controlmeasures go awry . So , I can not condemn these discs as total crap . Other reviewersloved their purchase , and prior to buying I did read the reviews . Maybe I justgot a bad lot.In the future , I shall stick with companies like Memorex with whom I 've neverhad a problem . Trying something new CAN be very disappointing .
 A little truth in advertising , please . This product should be labeled `` 100 pack of plastic coasters . '' They serve no data recording or storage function whatsoever . If the folks at Amazon.com have any conscience or sense of business ethics at all , they will refund both myself and anyone who has ever purchased this garbage under the impression that they were buying recordable blank CDs.I 'm guessing that any positive reviews of this product have been planted by the manufacturer or distributor.I have rated this product with one star , because zero stars does n't appear to be an option .
 I bought these to replace the Windata that would n't record in our church 's recording devive -LRB- it direct records raw data then takes about two minutes to finish the disk after recording is done ... finishing process sets the TOC so players know where the tracks are locatedneither Windata or these Verbatim worklightscribe -LRB- recording side only -RRB- as well as Magnavox and phillips work no problemfor real time recording , the more expensive disks work ... this one does n't
 Of 7 CDs I 've tried only 2 have burned and they do n't even work . I love , or used to love Verbatim , but this is total crap .
 Excellent product when they work . I have used 4 different PCs between work and home and I still get the same issues . Sometimes the PC will recognize the disc begin to burn and then fail during the process . Other-times the PC fails to even recognize a blank disc has been inserted . I have never had issues with Verbatim products in the past , this one makes me question their product reliability .
 Wife ordered these and I hoped to have a good experience with these but for some reason my car cd player could n't play any song past the 5th track and this happened consistently with 2 cds.My burner -LRB- macbook -RRB- and the player are the same , hence had to be the cd 's . I have tried Sony and lots of other unnamed brands but never encountered this issue , hence had to return these . Hopefully this is a one off issue ...
 This purchase has turned out to be a complete waste of money -LRB- and , time at this point -RRB- . So far , I have not found a single working disc in the whole package . Yes , they 're cheap and I guess I got what I paid for . Every single disc results in an error message when try to burn anything on it . At first , I kept chalking it up to having a couple duds , but I still have not found a single good disc in the entire package . Unfortunately , I waited too long and do n't think I can do anything about it now . But , I wanted to make sure others do n't waste their time and money with these useless discs .
 I just got a spindle of these with the same part number from CompusaBusiness . They are not MCC dye , they are CMC Magnetics Corp dye type 6 . If you want true Mitsubishi/Verbatim discs , do n't buy these.Also , note this item ships from Office Depot , not Amazon , they charge high shipping .
 All the disks are defective . They all get a bubble on the printable side after I write to them . I 've bought these before and had no problems . But these were a waste of money .
 I received it in a terrible condition.All the cases -LRB- 4 of them -RRB- were broken.Thou the CDs were not scratched .
 this cd 's are the worst purchase I have made using Amazon , they did n't work at all . try to burn some music on them with windows media player did n't work , try with Itunes did n't work either . just an advice if you appreciate your money do n't buy this crap cd 's .
 The product arrived completely smashed apart . Amazon packed it in a ridiculous way that almost seemed designed to result in maximum smashing.They did the same thing to a spindle of DVD-Rs that was purchased at the same time.I strongly recommend not purchasing this product from Amazon .
 I ordered CD-RW 's to use o my Sony burner . These did not work and so I can only use them on my computer . And I do not need them there . I also wanted them to be able to print labels right on the CD 's and there is writting all over them . I ca n't use these at all . Very , Very disappointed in this product .
 I received this Item today . But one question I would like to asking for Amazon is
 I do n't ever listen to CD 's -LRB- I use sd cards and mp3 players in the car -RRB- but I was going to be using a rental to go from Los Angeles to San Francisco so I bought these disks to burn some of my music onto for the drive up there . I burned 8 cds with WMP , did n't test any of them beforehand because I had never had a problem with Verbatim - Rs -LRB- or any other cds -RRB- years ago when I did used to use cds . To my dismay , only 1 of the 8 played in the rental car . I got home and tried the disks in 3 other cd players around my house and the same one was the only one that would work in ANY of them . These disks are worthless unless you want coasters that reflect rainbows .
 I bought these because of Verbatim 's previous good reputation . I usually use Taiyo Yudens and was hesitant to switch . But I took a chance and was burned . Many reviews around the web talk of the low quality of Moser Baer disks -LRB- which is the company in India that verbatim uses as its outsourcing for these cds and which is how Nero CD Speed identified these -RRB- . If you have a choice ... find some Taiyo Yudens and use those . I am burning music cds to distribute and I want to make sure that they are compatible on as many types of cd players as possible . I wo n't be able to use these for that purpose.It 's hard to find good cd-rs . Please do your research !
 Purchased this item and was compelled to return it as at LEAST six -LRB- 6 -RRB- discs proved to be defective/failed . Undoubtedly , a high percentage of the remaining discs were also defective . So much for quality control . I had heard that Verbatim made quality products . NOT ANY MORE !
 I was excited about the price and picked up a pack of these only to have every attempt to burn not work . I have tried different programs , different computers and picked many discs from all parts of the spindle
 I have always used Verbatim CD-Rs , but this is the first time I 've run into trouble . So far , I have gone through 10 CDs - zero have worked in my car , two have worked in my fiance 's car , and ten of them have really pissed me off . Unfortunately , I did not test these out right after receiving , and now it looks as though the return window has passed . I 'll pass on Verbatim next time .
 For the price what did I expect huh ? Took me awhile and a very bright light just to be able to see my very fuzzy pic . Not recommended if you really want someone to see you or if you need to make a video .
 I have used other piggyback cables in the past and none have had this low quality , especially for the price point . I could see if the cord was $ 1 maybe but almost $ 10 ? What im trying to say is there is a huge degrade in audio quality that is noticeable right when you plug the cord in , even if you dont split 2 connections it is very apparent how bad your audio now is . I tried it and promptly sent it back thanks to Amazon and they 're great return service.Thanks Amazon :-RRB- * Update 4/17/12I was going through my reviews and saw that my review for `` 2 RCA Male to 2 RCA Male Cable '' was now on an Amazon product so I want to make something clear.When I bought this cord it was from a company on Amazon called Cablemass Inc so I feel that this review may not apply to the cord directly from Amazon as I am sure the quality is better . Please consider that when you buy directly from Amazon because I have never had a problem with a cord that I got from them .
 I needed an RCA cable and decided to buy this one because I could potentially connect another peripheral to the same port . The cable works but the piggyback part does n't . It met my need but if you need to use the piggyback part , it 's a gamble .
 first things first i was running this cord from a cd player to a receiver and the sound quality was okay about the same as normal cords . when i plugged in my ipod into the end of the cables the sound quality of the cd player and the ipod diminished terribly you get what you pay for do n't buy you are better off getting an av splitter
 These did n't work at all for me . Sound quality plummeted when I hooked my music up with this . Not sure if my set was just flawed or what , but beware !
 I was very disappointed with this filter . It was not as described , since it DOES cover the controls on my 19 inch monitor , and it was actually very reflective , it seemed to bother my eyes more than not having a filter at all . The company that sold it -LRB- antonline.com -RRB- refused to refund the total cost of the item when I returned it , charging me a $ 10.00 restocking fee , which is outrageous . It is too expensive for what you get , and not worth all the trouble .
 I bought these speakers based on reviews posted here . I am very dissapointed with the sound quality . I have a set of Cyber Acoustic 3001 3 piece speakers -LRB- 2 satellites and a subwoofer -RRB- and they sound many times better and cost about the same . I do not recommend these speakers for any music or audio .
 Bought these to experiment with my Creative Zen -LRB- which is excellent -RRB- . Sound is tinny , lacking power , bass ... pretty much everything . Will return and purchase Altec Lansings like I should have done in the first place .
 These speakers initially sounded average at best . Average highs , midrange and a weak bass . The price was good and I needed them for a limited time -LRB- currently deployed -RRB- . I was surpised when the lows suddenly became distorted after two days . They were used at low volumes with no heavy bottom end music . I got what I payed for .
 Recently , my Altec Lansing $ 20 cheap speakers conked out after 2 years . I had really enjoyed them for the price so I figured another set of cheap ones would work . I stumbled upon these and figured they were a good choice after reading the reviews . The major pro is the price , point blank . Easy to set up , and they were dirt cheap.However , if I were to do it all again , I would have dropped another few bucks . The major flaw is the low frequencies . It does n't hit them and have the power to make them sound good . My old speakers had a tone nob which would have really helped these speakers . In addition , they feel really cheap . They do n't seem like they will hold up in the long run , but time will tell on that one.Overall , you might do well to drop a few more bucks if you want listen to any music with any amount of bass .
 Be careful what you are buying here . The standard Terastation Pro II 2TB comes with 4 pre-installed Samsung Spinpoint HD501LJ drives that are mounted in removable racks/drawers . What you are looking at here is the drawer , which is proprietary to Buffalo 's Terastation Live and Pro and Pro II models , and the drive mounted in there with 4 screws.Most of us will have no need for the extra drawer since most of us run the Terastation as a RAID 5 configuration , meaning that you see it as 1 drive and not 4 separate hard drives.You can run the Terastation as 4 separate drives and then use this to occasionally access special files you do not want on the network but frankly it means you have grossly overpaid for the solution . Running a Terastation as a simple network disk array without RAID is a waste!ConclusionSo here is where I am torn
 When I searched for this item -LRB- TS-OPHD-H3 .0 T -RRB- via Google , it reported that Amazon had it NEW for $ 69.95 . When you follow the link to Amazon not only is the price wrong -LRB- $ 259 -RRB- but it 's not even the correct drive . Note that the correct drive has a carrier tray that allows you to swap the drive into the Terastation Pro II chassis . This is a bare drive . A really really overpriced bare drive at that . Run fast and run far from this Amazon item .
 I love the color and the material , but the cover seems flimsy due to being left open on the top . I could live with that , but the window opening for the screen is not large enough . It covers enough of my viewer that I can not see the first few letters of each menu item on the screen . I have the 60 gig IPod
 Be careful . This cable is not your standard USB Mini A to B cable . It is a specialized A mini 4P to B cable and the smaller end is shaped differently and will not work with camera upload/download , nor cell phones or backup devices of the normal USB mini variety . It is a specialized cable and is more rounded .
 Please do not buy this product . It does not stick to the windshield at all . Spent $ 20 to buy it and then $ 10 for return shipping .
 I purchased this product to upgrade my DELL Dimension 4700 computer . It did n't fit ! Product should have included information as to which computers it would fit into , with out additional components being required first !
 Hi , this battery is not well recognise by the camera.A message alert appears on the screen about the lit ion and each timeI have to restart the camera after it shut down by itselfe .
 HP Pavilion DV6575US 15.4 '' Notebook PC -LRB- Intel Core 2 Duo Processor T7300 , 2 GB RAM , 200 GB Hard Drive , Vista Premium -RRB- I 'm a long time HP PC user . I had been pretty satisfied with almost everything I purchased from them . Last year I bought the 6575us . The specs were so impressive ; 32b Vista 250G hard drive , 2 gig Ram , DVD burner w light scribe , Intel dual core processor high def graphics , fingerprint security , remote , TV tuner , the works . I could n't wait to get it in the mail.The smile went away quickly , this PC was no faster than my old DV1000 with the memory and processor . The pc got worse as I used it . The fan is really noisy and hard to ignore as it blew constantly . The laptop refused to sleep or shut down automatically no matter how I set the power profile . The laptop would get so hot it would be very uncomfortable to rest my hands on it while I typed . After 5 months of use the battery would last no more than 20 minutes . I am SOOO disappointed in this purchase I will be selling it and getting a Dell . Or something
 I want to like this computer . I have an older HP Pavilion and I love it . However , the new versions of HP computers with Vista are horrible . In the week that I 've had the computer :1 . QuickPlay does not work . You have to boot into Windows before using QuickPlay . HP knows this , but does n't change the advertising .2 . HP 's upgrade software does not work currently with Vista .3 . Fingerprint Reader is buggy .4 . System Restore CD does not restore the computer . Less than a week and it 's ready for a reformat.Boxing up the computer tonight . It 's sad when a company stops being good .
 One of chineese products !!! AMAZON delivered that from US to UK -LRB- to my doors !!! -RRB- in less than 40 hours - amazing service !!! But the product is just crap ! Whatever connectors used -LRB- RCA , low or high , ground loop isolator ... -RRB- you mostly getting horrible noises through speakers and that is it . I put it back to the box and then stored it in my loft , was not worth of sending it back .
 I bought this SanDisk Ultra II Plus 1GB SD card in December 2006 and it worked great for about 5 months . I used it in my HP camera and digital photo frame , and transferred files onto my computer using both the USB port and a card reader.Then suddenly it quit ! I was looking at pictures on the photo frame one minute , next minute it could n't be read . I tried it in my camera and in three different computers . None will even recognize it.I 'm looking for another brand of SD card . I ca n't trust SanDisk anymore .
 Just as other purchasers have warned , this chip failed after taking about 250 pictures while I was on vacation . The chip froze up and the camera wo n't function with it , nor can I download the pictures . There is a manufacturer 's flaw in this product . I have now purchased another brand . Do n't use this chip for a camera or you will lose your pictures . I wish that I could get a refund rather than a replacement chip on the warranty .
 Sandisk 's website specifically says this is compatible with the Canon PowerShot SD1000 . While it will record and upload pictures , the SanDisk Ultra II SD Plus USB card WILL NOT EJECT from the camera . There are several other reports of this on other web sites . The divot by the right hinge on this card catches in the small A-shaped retaining clip just inside the Powershot 's SD card receptable . The only way to get it out is with a very thin knife ! Buyer beware ! PS
 On May 27 , 2006 , I ordered a Canon Powershot A610 5 MP Digital Camera with 4x Optical Zoom.Into this camera , I installed
 I ordered two of these , but received two Sandisk Ultra II 1.0 GB SD cards and two SanDisk MicroMate USB readers instead . I was not asked if the substitution was acceptable or not .
 I 've had this backpack for a little over a year now . It was good for most of that time but a little over two weeks ago , when I was zipping up the main pocket -LRB- that contains the laptop -RRB- , the rubber tab you use to pull the zipper closed broke off . I was a little upset but since there were two zippers I did n't worry about it . Then , the next time I opened the bag with the second zipper , the second tab broke off as well ! Now I 'm stuck fighting the zippers to open and close them on the most used compartment of the bag.Another problem with the backpack is the reflective material the white stripes are made of . After about 6 months of use the material started flaking and falling off . Now , it 's nearly gone from around the main compartment . All that 's left is a little bit on the bottom of each side . It is n't really a big deal but worth mentioning.I carry about 15 pounds worth of stuff in this bag , my PC tool kit and laptop . Other than that I have a few cables.This is my first laptop backpack . I own a regular backpack that I 've had for 6 years that I paid 20 bucks for that is more durable than this one.At first I thought it was a good backpack and would 've given it 4-5 stars but I expected more out of it .
 I have been using this bag for a couple of years now . I bought it off Amazon after reading the TERRIFIC reviews about it . It 's been a great bag to hold my books and laptop for school . Until today ... . I had to walk home from college classes in a rain storm.DON ' T BUY THIS BAG !!! IT IS NOT WATERPROOF AT ALL . I got home after walking home from classes and all of my college textbooks are soaked and ruined from rain seeping through the bookbag from every direction !!! WATER SEEPED THROUGH THE WHOLE THING !! Luckily my laptop was n't in there or I would have had to replace that.My Wallet was soaking wet , tissues , pencils , pens , calculator , and everything else !!! I 'm currently drying all of the contents that were in my bookbag with a HAIR DRYER in the bathroom . The bookbag was fully closed when I was walking home from school . There were no holes in the bookbag , except for that stupid headphone hole in the second upper bookbag pocket . It 's a terribly designed product .
 I bought this based largely on the mention in TIME magazine . My wife got a Contour by Kensington . Overall the contour seemed to be much more sturdy with more space and a far more comfortable padding system on the back . I sent mine back and got my own Contour and I would recommend you do the same .
 I have a laptop from -LSB- ... -RSB- , the NP 9880 . This thing is huge , and weighs about 12 pounds , but I can safely say it is one of the most powerful notebooks on earth.Anyway , when I slip my notebook into this backpack , the zippers can barely zip over the corners of my laptop ... it 's a struggle to pull this thing in and out of the backpack , especially while i have books in it as well . After I have my notebook , school books , power supply , mouse , a few CDs , and my school supplies -LRB- calculator , pens , pencils -RRB- packed into the backpack , there is hardly any room , which makes pulling things out / putting things in very cumbersome.I 'm almost considering selling off this backpack and buying a Targus XL , which I 've heard is taller and will accomodate the monstrosity of a laptop computer i carry around.However , if you were to have a slightly smaller laptop , this backpack is terrific . It is very VERY comfortable to wear , and seems very sturdy . Also keeps the laptop -LRB- apart from the two top corners -RRB- very secure and safe from bumps . The only problem would be is if you were to drop the backpack upside down with the laptop in it , it may be damaged ... but those are some odd circumstances and are not likely to happen .
 Unfortunately the item advertised was not the one I received . It was a Kensington bag , but not the one in the picture nor the one on the tag that came attached to the item . Will be returning and filing a complaint with Amazon.com .
 My 17 '' computer did not fit into the sleeve in the backback -- better for smaller than 17 '' computers .
 THis case will not hold a dell e1705 17inch wide screen . If you try you can get it in , but the velcro flap wo n't cover , and it really distorts the bag . get the targus 17inch instead
 The backpack functionality is very nice , but the laptop part is not , especially if you have a 17 '' laptop . This pack was used to carry a 17 '' HP laptop and the sleeve tore during just a couple uses . This bag might have lasted if it was used on a 15 '' laptop . I will not purchase another like this .
 Be careful not to buy a NiCd battery for a charger set for Ni-MH !!! The unit could overheat because the correct charging current is higher on the Ni-MH . The original battery BT-446 said Ni-MH on the label , and this GE is clearly labelled NiCd .
 Wrong size for the Uniden phones I was trying to fit - too wide . The Amazon guides said they would work and they were a great price , but ...
 Item did not give enough information . This battery did not fit in the telephone battery compartment
 This is the battery I wanted but did not get : Nickel-Metal Hydride Cordless Phone Battery For Uniden BT-446But this is the one I got and it does n't fit at all : GE Cordless Phone Battery for Panasonic/Uniden Phones -LRB- TL26154 -RRB- I would like to have the real one but how do I get it?Thanks , Roland HiltscherSenior Citizen on Social Security
 Though the item number and photo matched the battery which came with my GE 5.8 GHz cordless phone -LRB- and I verified against the GE website also -RRB- but when it arrived , the connection which fits into the phone , -LRB- which looks the same in the photo as my old battery , -RRB- was actually larger and did not fit . I was afraid to push it thinking it would break the phone and then I 'm out a phone . Also I hate to pay $ 5 for shipping for such an inexpenve item from a local site . So now I 'm out that money also . I think this vendor should make this right for the customer .
 this was not what I ordered they cahange the case size and it does not work
 This product was not compatible with the phone we use even though it clearly stated that it could be used with a Uniden phone . So , the battery is now in a pile of unused batteries we have stored away just in case we ever find use for them .
 This battery is junk . It has a broken negative wire that I fixed and it will not charge . JUNK
 My beef is with this particular type of layout of the prongs/outlets . It works fine until you into plugs that are longer . For example , because of the layout of the plugs , the longer plugs will take up -LRB- i.e. cover up the other plug-in holes -RRB- more than one slot . Stay away from this type of layout , i.e. the holes should be oriented 90 degrees the other way so that longer plugs will not get in the way .
 I thought I had found the radio time-shifting product I have wanted for years . The design is great , the software is easy to use , the interface to iTunes is excellent , but without decent reception it all for naught . I have a number of inexpensive radios -LRB- clock radios , `` walkman '' types , table radios , etc. -RRB- in my home . All of them , except the RadioShark get good reception from a number of local stations.Unfortunately , my RadioShark is plagued by horrid interference that seems to be coming via the apparently unshielded USB cable . There is no facility for an external antenna . Supposedly , you can orient the RadioShark to get acceptable reception . I have not been sucessful . Once or twice I thought I had been successful in getting decent reception . However , when I subsequently listened to the recording , it was intermittenly unlistenable . Very disappointing . .
 I bought this hoping to record talk radio shows from AM radio . Big disappointment , as has been stated by others . If you want to record music , get something like Stream Ripper for Mac OS X and grab songs from streaming radio stations . That way , the song name and author , etc. , is saved with the song . Radio Shark is not a good tool for that . And due to poor AM , it obviously does n't help much for AM talk show junkies like me . I will use it just to record NPR -LRB- national public radio on FM radio -RRB- , as its FM is passable . Its interface is very nice.Documentation is pretty poor . There is a jack on the Radio Shark but the docs do n't say what it is for . I hoped it was for an external antenna , but attaching an AM antenna to it did not good . The docs also said nothing about suggestions for improving AM receptino . I would just stay away from this for now , unless recording NPR is worth $ 65 to you . : - -RRB-
 Hyped as `` Tivo for Radio '' this does n't approach the convenience and reliability of using a casette tape recorder to record things from the radio.This review involves my experiences using the Radio Shark on an XP-based Windows PC , since my Mac laptop is not always on.First , the AM reception is unacceptably bad . External antenna or no , and placing the unit anywhere within the USB cable 's range . Even my LCD monitors seem to interfere with the Radio Shark 's AM reception . Sometimes quite loudly.When the reception WAS acceptable , there was still enough background noise to be annoying . I had to post-process my recordings to remove the hiss.FM reception was better , but not great . For NPR and other FM talk radio , I suppose the quality was good enough , but for music , the sound quality was fair at best.Add to this the penchant for the device to lock up and need a semi-weekly unplugging , and you 're getting an idea for the frustration level of this piece of plastic.And the software was strictly amateurish . Very clunky interface , and no Tivo-like ability to select a show from a list of programs - you have to enter the station , and then the start and stop times manually ; this is a 1985-era VCR interface.Based on this item , and the iTrip , I 'm of the opinion that Griffin makes aesthetically pleasing pieces of unworkable garbage.I would have rated this device 0 stars if the choice were given to me .
 What a great concept ! I was really excited about getting a RadioShark . I was n't that worried about reception where I live and given that reception was the major complaint for most people , I figured that I would have no problems.Well , it turns out I made a mistake . RadioShark obviously designed the software for the Mac user and not the Windows user . Now , I do n't have a problem with Mac software per se except that what works with Macintosh hardware does n't always work with Windows hardware.Here 's the overview of my experience . I open it up and install the software on windows . It asks me if I want to check the website for the most recent version of the software before installation . I say `` yes '' hoping that this would eliminate problems with bugs that have already been fixed . The software then installs . However , when I plug the RadioShark into my USB port , windows begins its hardware installation . Contrary to what the manual states , I have to restart windows to get it to recognize the device . Minor frustration , but I 'll live.Next , I open up the software and start fiddling with it . I ca n't hear any radio . I check the manual which directs me to the troubleshooting area of the manual . Fine . It only has one tip that applies to me ; check the `` Sound and Audio Devices Properties '' in the control panel . Everything looks as the manual says it should . I still here no sound . I click on the `` test hardware '' link that Windows has provided and it runs through several tests . Finally , during the recording test , I can hear the radio ! While the test is running , I can change frequencies and I discover that I get pretty decent reception . However , the problem is that I can only get it while I 'm testing the hardware.When I stop the test , I figure that there are problems with my audio controls that prevent me from hearing the radio . I fiddle and fiddle with the controls but ca n't find any that work . For some reason , the only way that I was able to listen to live radio is to run the `` test hardware '' option in the `` Sound and Audio Devices Properties '' in Windows . Not a good sign.Well , I 'll see what the rest of the program can do . Whoops ! Hitting the equalizer button causes the program to crash . I start it back up and try again . Another crash . Oh well . I guess I ca n't use the equalizer.However , I know that the receiver is actually receiving radio so I try to record it . It wants to record to c : / mymusic . I would rather it record to a folder on my desktop so I change the settings to have it save there . Except that it never does . It would record away , but when I tried to find the recording to listen to it later it would give me a `` file not found '' error . No recording file ever ended up in my desktop folder . It did n't matter whether I tried to record live radio or record with a schedule , if you ca n't get recover the file , then that functionality is useless.Ok . Maybe I 'll start over . I uninstall then reinstall the software . I go through the same steps . The equalizer works once or twice , but crashes the program the third time around . I still ca n't hear live radio without running the test program . It says its recording , but I have no idea where it 's putting the files -LRB- even after I leave it on its default setting , it does n't know where it 's putting the files either -RRB- . I call RadioShark for technical help , but there hours are 9:00 AM - 6:00 PM Mon , Tues , Thurs , Fri and 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM Wed Central Standard Time . No weekend or evening hours . Thus , those of us who work kindof have a tough time getting tech support if you have to be sitting in front of the computer at the same time . Thus , they were absolutely no help.I decided that the RadioShark was designed primarily for Mac users . The software looks very Mac in its design and the unit is elegant in appearance . All of the reviews from Mac users -LRB- those who get good reception -RRB- appear to be positive . However , Griffin obviously did not consider the needs of their windows audience and their effort -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- shows badly . So , rather then waste my money on a useless , but pretty , antenna , I returned it to Amazon for a refund.In conclusion , I would recommend against buying this product if you are a windows user .
 The Good : * Solid construction and tasteful design . * A very fast , responsive tuner.The Bad : * Terrible reception . I could only get six FM stations to come in clearly , and only ONE AM station came in at all , and only then with significant static . The device has a jack for an additional external antenna , but one is n't included and it 's not at all clear who -LRB- if anybody -RRB- sells such an add-on . * Hit-and-miss software interface design . The controls are n't as intuitive/user-friendly as they should be.This product works . Sort of . If you only care about being able to pick up STRONG local FM stations , maybe the $ 50 + is worth it . If you enjoy AM , you may not be happy at all with this device .
 I bought this based on reviews here and elsewhere . I was extremely disappointed the reviews I saw did not mention what I consider to be a fatal flaw . When you listen to the radio through the PC output , there are constant skips , which sound like a CD skipping . This happens on 3 different computers for me , running Windows XP or Windows 2003 . Maybe I should try a Windows 2000 computer too.The amazon.com page review actually does mention the skip . But it 's much more serious than the page would indicate . It skips for me even when not time shifting . Recordings of radio programs also skip . The sound quality either from the live feed or recordings are not that good . It just takes the whole joy out of listening to radio.The headphone seems to play whatever is on the air at the time -LRB- not what is playing through the software -RRB- . It does n't skip , but the quality is pretty dismal and there 's no volume control for it . So it seems more of a line out than headphone out . But the line out quality is even more dismal than through headphones or the skipping PC out.Maybe your ears get acclimated to the skipping , because it was extremely bothersome when I initially hooked it up , but now after listening to it for an hour or so , it 's harder to recognize . But it 's still definitely there , and is a fatal flaw for this product . I will most likely return it , short of finding a miracle cure I do n't know about yet . I 've already downloaded the latest version of software from their website . Maybe I 'll give their tech support a go if I can locate them .
 I like the product , like the software , but the reception was terrible.If you could `` really '' connect an external antenna , this would be a great item.But you ca n't so it is n't .
 This would be perfect if it could receive any radio stations.When I first bought this I lived in an apartment and got fairly good reception on several channels . Then I moved about 2 miles away and I ca n't receive anything now.A way to hook up to an amplifying antenna would be a good idea here . As it is it is useless .
 Summary ... good idea , very poor implementation . Good software and easy to use , major problem is reception of radio stations . I live in a major metropolitan area and have to practically stand on my head to get the radio shark to get clear reception -LRB- even with a plug in antennae -RRB- .
 I was so looking forward to recording my favorite AM sports and political talk shows when I ordered the RadioShark . Unfortunately , it did n't come close to fulfilling my expectations.First , they recommend taking a clock radio and making sure that the reception is good in the area where the device will be placed . I did that , and the two channels I wanted to record came in clear as a bell , even with an el-cheapo clock radio.I hooked up the RadioShark and the reception was , to be kind , terrible . I moved it around . I used a few pairs of walkman-style headphones in the external speaker jack that I was told could double as an external antenna . Nothing helped.I was able to get one channel to come in , unfortunately it was all in Spanish which would be great if I knew more Spanish than `` uno enchilada por favor '' . So I figured I would try out the software , recording on that channel . Thats where I found out that , compared to the software quality , the reception was actually the BEST feature of the RadioShark.The software was so incredibly buggy that I find it hard to believe that anyone has ever tested it ! Now , I am a programmer by trade so I am a little more aware of things like this , but these were problems doing basic things like saving presets and recording based on this presets.Griffin , you have a FANTASTIC idea here . Please go back to the drawing board , and make a few small changes :1 . reception - improve it , or give us a real way to hook in an external antenna .2 . software - please test it before you release it.Needless to say I returned my RadioShark . Here 's hoping that they will make some sorely-needed updates ... then I might reconsider.I am going to give them one star for the cool blue light on the RadioShark . And that 's being generous .
 As other users have mentioned , I also found that the radio reception from my RadioShark is very poor . In fact , it is completely unusable anywhere in my house , even on stations for which I can get a good signal from any cheap FM radio . Even using the USB extension and placing it by a window does not make it good enough . I also tried attaching my rooftop FM antenna to the headphone jack as suggested on the Griffin web site , but it made no difference . That antenna provides excellent signal on any other radio . I guess I have a nice USB-powered night light.Too bad , since I have several other Griffin products , and have always been satisfied in the past . Next time , I will read the reviews first .
 All in all , if you live in a big city with plenty of radio stations to choose from you will probably find the Radio Shark quite useful . However , for those of us who live in the suburbs and wish decent radio reception , this is not a `` Silver Bullet '' . It seems pretty well shielded from computer noise , especially on AM . The slider tuner is very difficult to use and the channel scan feature does not always lock on to a station . If you know the frequency of the station you wish to listen , it is much easier to type it in , instead of trying to slide to it . There is a jack in the back of the shark for what seems to be head phones , but manual leaves out any reference to it . After reading several blurbs about the Shark , this jack was alluded to as also a place for an external antenna . How the user is supposed to utilize it is a mystery so far . Manual and web site more tuned toward time shifting and recording Q&A , but with very little to listen to , is there really a need to time shift or record ? Make sure you download the most current version of the software and do not rely on the auto update feature , which did not work for me ` twice ' .
 I want this toy to work , I want to be happy with it . I 'm not.The reception is awful , as others have noted . I 've got other radios that pick up stations without issue . RadioShark often has static on FM stations and gets absolutely zero reception on AM stations . The application is just horrible , both 1.5 and 2.0 . The 1.x version goes into an infinite loop that cant be quit - dont take that USB cable out to reset the device , it will absolutely freeze your Mac with no hope of reclaiming everything you were working on ! Memory issue ? Hardly , its a dual G5 with 6gb of memory and dual 300gb/16mb buffer drives . Fine , try 2.0 . This is a software upgrade ? Cripes ! The `` new '' software is a step back , but at least they 've gotten rid of the infinte loop issue . Still zero AM reception using pretty much ever trick known to man , including those suggested by Griffin . Its new trick is to get static that can only be cleared by quitting the app . Eh ? How 's that?Contact Griffin ? You bet I did ! We had a nice conversation going over the course of a week or more that ended up with them telling me that new hardware and software would be coming out soon , though that wouldnt help me much . Nice ! They basically told me `` sux to be you '' without any offer of replacement , discount , coupon , other hardware or anything.My conclusion is that Griffin doesnt pay worth beans . How could they ? They 've got huge hardware overhead , amateur coders and zero quality control . They expect us to pay to beta test their hardware and software ... no thanks , I 've managed to avoid Microsoft for most of my computing life for that very same reason . I wanted this to record AM , it doesnt even receive AM and their response was basically `` yep , we know . too bad '' . I 'm a major gadget freak and spend way too much money on toys . Griffin wont be seeing that money again . I 've learned my lesson with RadioShark and with PowerMate before that . Griffin wont be getting any more of my money no matter how cool looking their next `` must have '' is , they simply dont stand behind their products .2 stars because it looks cool on my G5 and it actually gets 1 station worth listening too . Yep , just one , both bands . Weaksauce .
 POOR RECEPTIONI 've never owned a radio with reception this poor.I 'm using Radio Shark on Mac Mini with version 2 beta software . I live in a major market with dozens of radio stations . Only one comes in clearly . I 've tried plugging many cords into antenna jack . I 've tried USB extension cables to change the location of shark.It does record on a schedule . ACC Recordings land in iTunes and transfer to iPod without human intervention . Unfortunately the software ca n't record MP3 format . There are several utilities available to transcode the recordings to MP3.My next step is to crack the case and solder on a real antenna jack . Hopefully a real antenna in my attic will help .
 Well , if seems the software for this product needs a lot more work . My reception is fine in both the AM and FM bands , but recording is very hit or miss . I 've been trying to record the Howard Stern show to my iMac every day and sometimes , but not all the time , most of the show does n't get recorded . The show is just missing random bits and pieces . Very bizarre . I would guess that most of the recorded pieces are less than a minute long . A four-hour show becomes two hours or even less . And today I noticed that today 's skipped portions somehow ended up being attached to another show 's file . I record 15 minutes of another show every night and the missing bits and pieces of the Stern show were added to that file , making it more than 2 hrs . long . Of course , both files are pretty much unlistenable . Also , some recorded shows never make it to the hard drive at all . They 're just gone.I see some people saying that letting the monitor sleep messes things up , but that certainly does n't seem to make much sense . I already have the computer set up so it never goes to sleep , which is already rather annoying . Like I said , sometimes things work perfectly . I will try not letting the monitor sleep for the next week and see if that helps , but obviously much work remains to get this product to work in a dependable and convenient manner .
 This product is garbage . Reception is poor , even in a metropolitan area . The software interface was written by a monkey . If I had the opportunity to return it , I surely would.Very disappointing , and expensive for being garbage . While it says it records . wav files , I ca n't get it to do so , and I 've been in the computer business for over 30 years .
 This is such a great idea but it does not deliver . It all comes down to reception which is terrible even in ideal locations with strong signal strength .
 I was dissapointed with the product . It 's usability is really poor , required lots of work just to get it to play radio . The inclosed manual leaflet was not very helpful , I had to search the answers from the net . And still I have n't been able to get any recordings done , pressing the REC button just does n't seem to make anything happen . I do n't succeed to record live radio , not to talk about scheduling the recordings beforehands , which was the reason why I bought it in the first place.Additionally , if you think you can use it for recording net radios or pod casts , forget it . The recordings can be done only from from AM/FM radio programs -LRB- well , I have n't been able to do even that yet -RRB- .
 Below is the transcript of my help chat with tech supportRadioshark
 Me arrepiento completamente de haberlo comprado . lo primero es que cuando lo recibi , pase la noche entera tratando de instalarlo . no pude , deben informar que no funciona en Windows 7 . cuando le puse un correo a Griffin , me dicen de algunos pasos . los di , se activo el dispositivo , pero el sintonizador de radio no me sale en la pantalla de mi computador . solo se escucha el radio , sin sintonizar . pero no puedo hacerlo porque cuando le doy a abrir a la aplicacion no me sale . ! que dolor de cabeza . cuando le escribi de nuevo a Griffin , me dicen que lo lamentan que si puedo cambiarlo . ! Que bien ! , un viaje desde Santo Domingo a Amazon . mi recomendacion es no comprarlo.B.Ramos .
 AM reception was very poor . The antenna is very directional and you 'll have to reposition it between stations . For certain orientations the signal disappears completely . For one station , the only workable position was upside-down -LRB- the base is not movable , so you end up trying to wedge the tip into place somehow -RRB- . The Mac software appears to be CPU-needy . If you 're doing something else at the same time you 'll get stutters in your audio.The clamshell packaging is of course annoying and easy to hurt yourself on trying to open . ----- update ----- Additionally , after scheduling an `` hourly '' recording , it only recorded the first hour . Even though the interface indicated it was still recording , no new files got generated .
 The Radio Shark is almost a good product . It was easy to install and worked right out of the box . The software has a few minor glitches that are annoying but not fatal . The fatal flaw in this product is the radio reciever itself . I live in the San Antonio area and can only pick up one station with enough clarity to record . On any other radio I own there are a dozen stations that come in very clear . Fornutaly for me the one station I can recieve is the one I wanted to record so the product is working for me .
 I already have a couple software programs that will automatically record and save radio programming but when the Radio Shark was announced , I could n't resist . Mac elegance , simplicity and functionality . Or so I thought . The product is solid , well made and the software is easy to use . Unfortunately , the reception is unacceptably poor in my suburban , residential area . Every radio I own from clock radios , a couple Tivoli Pal 's , a built in-whole house system , mini-systems and so on receive programming easily . The Radio Shark 's reception is inferior to even the lowliest of portables . I 've tried everything I can think of . Coiling the USB cable , moving it to every place within reach , using a high dollar shielded usb extension cable which also allowed me to move the Shark further from the computer -RRB- , using the Radio Shark 's headphone input with a pair of ear buds and a minijack to rca cable -LRB- as Griffin 's website suggests -RRB- . Nothing seems to help . I have two other radios within 18 inches of computers and they were pretty easy to set up and receive clear , static free programming . The Radio Shark has been a huge disappointment . I should have learned my lesson after purchasing the Power Mate from this company . The Power mate -LRB- ditto for the Radio Shark -RRB- is very high quality piece of hardware from a fit and finish standpoint but the software was glitchy with a pc . Maybe it would have been better with a mac . But I digress . Perhaps if you live far from all urban and suburban interference or live on a hill with better line of site to the towers you want to receive from , the Radio Shark might be fine . For the rest of us , the Radio Shark is likely to disappoint . If you want to time shift radio programming , I can recommend two excellent pieces of software . High Criteria 's Total Recorder Pro -LRB- for the pc -RRB- and Rogue Amoeba 's Audio Hijack Pro for the Mac . I do n't work for or profit from either comany . I use both on a daily basis . Both are rock solid . All you need to do is connect a radio to your pc or mac and you 're set .
 I 've had and used the RadioShark for about a month now -LRB- I make daily recordings -RRB- . Like many other users here , my RadioShark appears to suffer bad reception . I record mainly AM stations , and I 'm recording a very powerful AM station in San Francisco -- and I live in Oakland -LRB- 10 miles away -RRB- . Reception SHOULD be flawless -LRB- as it is on every other AM radio I own -RRB- . The problem I experience , however MAY not be a reception problem . To me , it sounds more like a recording level problem . It 's as though the signal is overdriven , and distorts . I say this , because any `` quiet '' sections record relatively well . It 's when loud commercials with lots of background music come on that the recording gets badly distorted.I have not yet tried to discuss this issue with Griffin tech support -- but intend to -- to see what they say . -LRB- 4/4/05 Update
 The AM / FM reception of this device is HORRID . PERIOD.I am a radio amateur for 30 years , intimately ramiliar with the workings of all types of radios , and this one is a horror.Even after connecting 25 feet of line into the 3.5 jack provided on this `` Shark '' tail , the reception was marginal at best , and still noisy.For the money , all it provides is an option to input AM FM broadcasts and record , time shift , or schedule record shows onto your computer.However , the only way I am able to do it is to use an FM transmitter RIGHT NEXT TO THE SHARK , and then broadcast the AM FM shows from ANOTHER radio , through the shark and into my computer . BTW , this is a good way to record streaming audio , however you will need two computers to do it , or you will get a severe echo.Lotsa work to get the desired result , IMHO.Griffin should worry less about the catchy `` Shark '' and `` Rocket '' hip hop Mac designs , and get down to engineering a receiver that works .
 I have to agree wiht the previous poster who said of the radioSHARK , `` if you 're using a G5 , you might want to wait a little bit . '' I love the concept of the radioSHARK , but the implementation for me , as an owner of a G5 seems to be sub-par . I can understand having problems wiht new equipment , but did n't they test this thing with a G5 ? I would have appreciated being told that I would encounter the `` skipping '' problem before I bought it.I did n't have any problems with the sound or reception , and I would have given this beast 2 stars were it not for the poor service I got from Griffin.After encountering the problem , I called their support line . No one was there so I left a message . I did n't hear back from them for a week , so I called again . No one home , leave a message . So I sent an email . I waited for about three days and no response . I eventually got an email message back from a human being who told me , `` oh yeah , they 're not responding to support requests because they 're so busy . `` Come on guys ! How hard is it to have an auto-reply feature that says , `` okay ... we got your email , we 're frightfully busy right now , but we 'll get back to you when we can . `` I eventually got a response about two weeks after buying the thing and noticing it was virtually useless for me . It took about two or three emails back and forth before their support staff would believe that I actually had told my G5 not to sleep . They kept insisting that the Mac was going to sleep and causing this problem . Eventually I was able to communicate to them that the problem is not that the skipping occurs after the Mac goes to sleep , but after the DISPLAY goes to sleep.Their solution ? keep the display on all the time . Yeah . Right . Just what I want . A 22 '' LCD screen that 's kept on all night while my wife and I try to sleep.So ... 1 star for `` support '' -LRB- note that I put the word `` support '' in quotes . -RRB- P.S. - If you do buy this thing , be sure you buy this thing with a credit card so you can get your money back easier .
 Got this thing for my mobile clinic and it can not even get the local 50,000 watt AM station -LRB- static -RRB- . It can not receive FM transmitter from XM radio 7 feet away without major static.Okay - so I brought it in the house - two different rooms where I have radios and OS X macs - the 50000 watt station was barely audible . Who would want to record?I too would like to know what the jack in back is for because it needs an antenna . Another waste of money.Oh - the software seems okay but it is moot when you ca n't get a decent signal .
 If you want to record AM stations , avoid this . I had unsatisfactory AM reception , even after attaching a simple AM loop antenna to the mini plug connector via a 300 ohm to miniplug adapter .
 The shark fin looks great on my window sill . The radio reception is just OK . The Windows XP version of the RadioShark app is horrible . The manual is full of really cool features . Read a bit more and you find these only work on the MAC . On the MAC recordings can be automatically saved to iTunes . Not on a PC . On the MAC there is a little clock that tells you where you are in the time shifted recording . On the PC there is an impossible to use slider . Want to back up five minutes ? LOL . On the MAC there is `` scrubbing '' so you can here and you move through the recording . Not on the PC . The MAC has a fancy new 2.0 version of the RadioShark app . The PC has a very buggy version 1.1.7 . Enough said .
 I wanted to like this product , and I certainly like the concept a lot , as an avid radio listener . It works pretty well with very strong stations , but the reception is pretty awful on anything else . Their website says to try connecting an antenna to the headphone jack , but I tried connecting to all 3 terminals of the jack -LRB- L , R , GND -RRB- and none of them made any diference . I have radios that exhibit excellent reception in my area -LRB- Philips , Sony -RRB- , so in 2005 it 's hard to understand why Griffin ca n't get this right.The software seems to crash in Win XP occasionally -LRB- on my system , at least -RRB- , but when it does n't crash , it 's easy to use.Griffin makes some nice product , but unfortunately this ai n't one . I would wait for `` Radio Shark II '' , should that arive , before buying . I 'm going to sell mine .
 I have had no problems with reception in the Oakland CA area but I am very disappointed in the software that is provided -LRB- even the new v2 .0.1 -RRB- . First - It is not as elegant as other best of category Mac software like Unison ; Acquisition ; or Delicious Monster . 2nd - the whole method of seting up shortcuts is poorly implemented . 3rd - it does not work with the User Switching mode in OSX meaning anytime you actively switch users on the computer the applicaton records dead air .
 Reception is pitiful . I can barely tune in local stations , even with a 6 foot headphone cord attached . I also tried a number of different cords with the same jack . No real improvement , other than to clear up the locals already available.Installation was buggy . It did n't have any sound output , even after a couple reboots . I suddenly had sound when I was changing the GUI color scheme . I hope the Mac OS app is better , since that is Griffin 's intended market , with their wide range of iPod accessories.Program is buggy . I 've had a couple of occasions where the radio band numbers were for AM -LRB- 530 - 1710 -RRB- while the station playing and band indicator were FM.In the event a station actually tunes in , the sound is plagued with dropouts . I turned off the timeshift function , thinking it was the problem , but still the dropouts occurred.I 've owned a ReplayTV since 2000 -LRB- I now have 3 , with 2 TiVos along the way -RRB- and this radio timeshift should have made it to market long before ReplayTV and TiVo . Given the opportunity to observe and learn from them and the lesser technological needs to timeshift audio only , RadioShark is a major disappointment . Maybe someone else has done it better than Griffin , but I ca n't recommend this particular product unless you 're desperate for a way to record OTA radio programs .
 I 've had huge problems getting this thing to actually record a useable file . It apparently saves 5 files as it records , then combines them into the final AAC file . Unfortunately , mine usually leaves the 5 files -LRB- 3 . mov files and 2 . m4a files -RRB- unfinished and uncombined , but NONE of these files can be played by anything -- they all return errors.Of course , this is just one of several issues with this device . The software is crude and limited , the manual nearly useless -LRB- `` troubleshooting '' amounts to little more than the equivalent of `` did you turn it on ? '' -RRB- and there is no supplemental troubleshooting material on the Griffin website . The tuner sensitivity is poor -- I get better reception from a crappy boombox and a $ 5 flashlight/radio ! In fact , I often get crosstalk from other stations.Frankly , this thing stinks . I consider myself burned and probably wo n't ever buy Griffin products again .
 In comparison with radios located at the identical spot in my house , this radio gets truly awful AM reception . The manufacturer sells an extra antenna , but the reviews are not good . My Radioshark was non-returnable . So I threw it away as useless . Avoid this product , of course , and if this one is so bad , probably any others by this company . -LRB- Note
 Unfortunately Radio Shark has problems picking up only but the strongest signals . They do not provide hookup for external antenna either that could improve some station reception slightly . Even in the open , it picks up very few stations . The interface needs some work as well .
 Sound quality from AM that is so tinny it hurts your ears and a buggy interface that causes crashes and features that do n't do what they are supposed to.And do n't let the idea that a simple software/driver update will fix the problems ; The latest software version available from the manufacturer 's website is actually WORSE and has had some features REMOVED.STEER CLEAR !
 I sent the Radio Shark back because it is not yet ready for prime time . The first obvious thing to do , is to turn it into an ingenious , cheap parabolic antenna on a swivel mount . That way you will get exceptionally good reception for a particular station -- the one you are trying to listen to . We humans can only listen to one radio station at a time . Only an idiot would try to make it look like a Cadillac tailfin.Secondly , it has to be user friendly . The people designing it need to test it on people they do n't know , and who are unfamiliar with it -LRB- or anything like it -RRB- -- and do n't blame its faults on the people who are trying it out . Blame it on yourselves . If you want to cheat , reverse engineer an iPod . The iPod succeeded because it is user-friendly and the others were not . If you do n't want to put the effort into it , then do something else -- but do n't design rocket guidance systems . You might hurt yourself .
 AMAZON DID A GREAT JOB GETTING IT TO ME!GRIFFIN PRODUCTS AND THE COMPANY LEAVES ALOT TO BE DESIRED . I CALLED AND LEFT AN E-MAIL AND THEY GOT BACK TO ME BY E-MAIL THREE DAYS LATER . I CALLED THEM BACK ABOUT THEIR DEVICE AND THEY SAID IT WAS A DRIVER PROBLEM AND TO DOWN LOAD THE NEW DRIVER AN IT WOULD FIX IT.IT DID NOT . I CALLED BACK AND THEY SAID WELL IT MUST BE BROKEN WE WILL SEND YOU ANOTHER ONE AFTER YOU SEND US BACK THE DEFECTIVE ONE . THEY STATED IT WOULD TAKE ABOUT 3-4 WEEKS . THEIR TURN AROUND TIME AND SERVICE STINK !!!
 I bought this to record lectures that were broadcast over an in-house fm signal . I 've done this before with a portable mp3 recorder and had fine results but thought I could set this up to do it automatically and have the files saved on my computer . I was disappointed that the recordings I made with the radioshark had static in them so the reception must be very weak . Also the software left alot to be desired . I ended up returning this product and went back to setting up my mp3 fm/recorder manually to do the job .
 The hardware is great -- it is simply a radio with a USB interface . AM and FM reception is great if you use a dedicated USB port on the computer -LRB- i.e. not a USB hub -RRB- , and use a USB extension cable to get it farther away from the computer , which inteferes with AM reception.However , the software and updates to the software from Griffin Technology are sorely lacking . The latest updates to Mac OS have rendered the Radio Shark software useless , and the updates and patches released by Griffin fail to fix the problem . I have owned this Radio Shark for 2 + years , and the software has never been properly developed to make full use of the advertised features.I have been using Airfoil from Rogue Amoeba Software to run my Radio Shark , but it does not have any recording or time-shifting features . I 'm hoping another company or gracious programmer will make some decent software for the Radio Shark in the near future . Until the software is fixed , I would not recommend purchasing the Radio Shark.UPDATE 11/13/09 : The Griffin RadioShark software for the RadioShark 2 works on Mac OS X 10.6 , though it seems to be unstable . Rogue Amoeba Software has released Radioshift , software to control the RadioShark and schedule recording . I have n't tried Radioshift yet , but I 'm hoping it will be much better than the Griffin software .
 I really wanted to like this product . It was a great concept . TIVO for radio ... that 's all I want . Unfortunately the engineers at Griffin probably all came from design school and know nothing about radio circuitry . I live in a high-rise in the city and usually get great reception . This unit has no isolation from the computer and just picks up CPU noise . I tried two different computers . The PC software is extremely buggy , freezes often , and actually crashed my computer once . The manual is written in such a relaxed style that it reminded me of an annoying store clerk who tries to use humor to compensate for their lack of knowledge . I am returning mine and will be trying out POGO radio instead .
 I bought the RadioShark with caveats because I 'm a heavy AM listerner , but even though I 'm closer to Milwaukee I gravitate towards listening to Chicago radio like WGN and WBBM . As for FM , Sheboygan is smack dab between Green Bay and Milwaukee so I get all the stations for those two cities . I was hoping to use this to record a portion of WBBM to take with me as a podcast , and some NPR shows on my local station that air deep in the morning on the weekends , saving me from having to use a credit on a certain audiobook site that has some NPR shows.I was n't expecting the reception to be the best , but once I took it out of the box and set it up , I could n't get a station unless I stretched out the cable -LRB- aka antenna -RRB- on AM and FM . Even then I could only get the local Sheboygan stations clearly , which I did n't want because I 'm not into the formats around here . Chicago reception was nil , and the Wisconsin powerhouse WTMJ-AM sounded like it would if you sat on a radio with a pillow . Even with the extension USB cable , I could n't get reception to save my life . Thus it was a pretty fast decision to decide to ship it back to Amazon and get a refund.Unless you have a room with no other equipment besides the computer and the room to stretch the cable the length of the room , this is n't a good radio . I did n't judge the recording quality because it was pretty much useless with my reception . Wait until they come out with a better unit with a more powerful antenna and better interference filtering .
 As with other people 's reviews , this is a great idea . Unfortunately I ca n't use a great idea if it ca n't pick up the radio station I listen to . All other radios in the house can , and Griffin 's advice of plugging in headphones to act as an improved antenna only helped slightly . Also had a few minor software problems . All in all , disappointing and will be returned to Amazon .
 The radioSHARK looks great , but its program was designed by middle schoolers . There are so many little things to piss you off when you use it - not just that it crashes , but that it really looks like they never finished it , and were just looking to throw something together in a few hours to test out the reception -LRB- which is OK , but certainly not great -RRB- . The Mac version of the software is at least tolerable , but even it will only record files in AIFF and AAC . The Windows version has WAV , MP3 and WMA , so it 's not as though they did n't want to pay Fraunhofer to include MP3 support - it 's apparent that they just did n't feel like doing it .
 I bought this product a bit ago , and was surprised on how poorly it performed . I hooked it up to my computer , and it only got 1 radio station !!! The radio shark itself is one of the worst receptors I have ever had any experiance with . I have a crappy little alarm clock close to my computer -LRB- with no antenna -RRB- , and it picks up like 15 or 16 stations . So unless you live very close to your most favorite radio station 's tower outpost , I would not recommend this product for anyone . You will be very displeased that you wasted all that money ... I guarantee it !
 I bought this gadget in the hope of recording off-hour radio broadcasts and be able to hear them on my mp3 player later.The problem with the device is its software
 I have been a tivo user for years , and waited for what seems like two years after this product was announced until it was available . What took them so long ? In the meantime , podcasting as well as other radio recording solutions became available . Finally when the radio shark actually hit the shelves , I bought one and gave it a try.What a disappointment ! I ended up returning the radio shark . Subsequently I bought a Radio Your Way LX which I am very happy with , because it has the advantage of being 1 -RRB- a free-standing -LRB- non-computer -RRB- solution for recording radio and 2 -RRB- it works on AM -LRB- which other stand-alone mp3 radio-recorders do not -RRB- . The main problem with the radio shark is that there was awful -LRB- unusable -RRB- reception at my house , even when I tried an external antenna . Every other radio works fine , assuming I can find a good position . With this one , I could n't find a good position , which is all the more cumbersome with a computer attached -LRB- much easier with a freestanding radio recorder -RRB- . Also , the software was n't that great , but this was unimportant given that the radio reception was useless.Finally , with respect to the claim `` tivo for radio '' ... . well , what makes tivo is the comprehensive programming information/data that is downloaded daily and makes targeted recording so easy . The radio shark does n't have it . -LSB- Radio programming data is available from places like publicradiofan and radiotime . Also , podcasting allows you to get radio without having to buy a shark . -RSB- But also , I did n't like the way I had to keep my computer running all the time to allow this device to work . Radio Your Way LX is much better because it is a little tiny radio that records mp3s that you can either listen to , or move to your computer or ipod.Also the radio your way lx is really handy for travel . It weighs nothing and is easy to use on hikes . None of this is possible with the radio shark . It could have been great , but is disappointment .
 This was probably the worst investment I 've made for my computers ever . The signal is weak , and if you 're more than one wall indoors , forget about getting anything worthwhile . Unless you try one of the many hacks for increasing the power to this device or have an external power supply/antenna for it , you wo n't catch too many radio stations.My advice
 The most basic capability of this device is receiving radio signals , and in this area it gets just 1 star out of 5 . In Seattle -LRB- Eastlake Ave , Lake Union area -RRB- , I get just a couple FM stations , and 2 or 3 AM stations . Luckily NPR -LRB- 94.9 KUOW -RRB- comes in very well , otherwise I 'd have returned it.The user 's guide is informal but clear , and the set-up on a Mac/G5 was easy and quick . The software is quite good -LRB- no problems at all -RRB- . Griffin follows Apple 's iTunes shortcuts , which is nice attention to detail.If only this device would receive more radio stations -LRB- seems pretty basic - how long have we been doing radio ?!! -RRB- it would be a winner.I 'm glad that I have this - and will keep it - since it gets my # 1 favorite station.It 's a worth a try , but keep the packing materials as chances are high you 'll need to return it . Good luck .
 Like most of the other reviewers , I give this tuner very poor marks for reception . Even the strongest FM stations are a bit noisy and otherwise strong AM stations are all but unlistenable . The software interface is nice , as is the hardware . But it 's basically worthless for its core function
 I installed this on my office computer & could not pick up a single station on AM or FM band , I tried re-installing it , re-positioning the device & all I ever got was static . I took it home & tried to install it on my desktop & laptop -- nothing but static . My $ 9 clock radio works fine in the office , but not the Radio Shark . I live in a major urban area with plenty of stations within range & even plugged into an external antennae this junk would not work . Please note the range of customer reviews on this product -- most people have given it bad to mediocre reviews . It is a total & complete waste of money .
 AM function is worthless - cause it picks up computer -LRB- required -RRB- noise . Use caution with the replacement model.Clever , but a breakthrough in 2001 , not 2007 .
 I tried to save money , and made a bad decision buying this off-brand cartridge . It started out with a bang - loaded the same , looked the same , and then after 7 or 8 photos , the ink ran out and there went my money . Never again will I order this product !
 The printer does not read the cartridges and once I went to take it out , it would n't budge . I ended up destroying the machine just to get the cartridge out , and I now have to throw out my $ 200 machine .
 I tried it . It destroyed my printer . Even the factory could n't salvage it . Do n't buy it .
 This is an original Kodak battery and who knows how old . It would not take a charge and I returned it for credit .
 I ordered at the end of 2011 and it arrived with a bad connector . After cutting the shell apart and soldering in one wire in the pryed open terminal and insulating the wires with heat-shrink performance in the telephone was restored to new -- for about six months . After that the battery pack did n't last any longer than the other two phones which had their original batteries for several years and before I had it in there for a full year it died comletely.Internal construction -LRB- cut the plastic cover -RRB- is good , so all I can determine is the battery cells must be of poor quality . That and the effort necessary to `` rework '' the connector cost the review a star.There are lots of reviews better than mine , but I wonder how long they waited before evaluating the product and what the reviews would be a year after puchase -LRB- ? -RRB- . Just to compare though , I bought two cell phone batteries years ago from a different vendor and they are still going strong ... . Your milage may vary .
 Although 1 or more sources claimed otherwise , this battery does NOT fit w Vtech TM-311 phones . Amazon was nice enough to pay for shipping them back & gave a full refund quickly & easily . Go Amazon !!
 These headphones were bought as a gift to me . They are okay , as in not great not terrible . fairly durable , as they have lived in my backpack for a year almost now . Noise cancellation is terrible though , i would say spend a few more dollars and get some over-ear ; as opposed to these on ear types .
 These are a lot smaller than they appear - like regular sized headphones , and have a lot of issues . Always hearing background static , foam earpieces falling off , interference from computer and TV , etc. . It comes with a battery which is required , the one they sent was corroded all the way through as if it had been sitting in a warehouse for 5 years . Avoid this item .
 This was the second of these I had purchased . The first was from a brick and mortar store . Out of the box , the volume of this unit could not be adjusted , either manually or by the remote . The affiliated vendor , ElectroGalaxy , has not replied to my three attempts -LRB- phone , email -RRB- to contact them for a return authorization . It appears that purchasing these units has become a lottery , and no product support from the vendor . Disappointing that Amazon involves itself with unscrupulous vendors like ElectroGalaxy .
 This works well for the price but the very bright blue lights are beyond annoying . I have this in my bedroom and have to unplug it at night or it lights up the entire room . Wish there was a way to remove the lights . Thinking of trying to smash them .
 I bought this product . The second time I used it the volume control broke . I ca n't adjust the volume . So I returned it for another one of the same model with the manufacturer . Three days later , the same problem , the volume control broke . Horrible quality product . The manufacturer should pull the product and address the problem .
 Bought this 3 days ago ... Plugged the product in and realised that this one has no concept of volume control . Either it is very very high , or when you try and reduce volume , the audio totally shuts off !! I will not recommend this product or this company to anyone
 I purchased this item in August 2006 and the remote did n't work . I returned the unit and exchanged it for another unit . This one worked well for 4 months but then the volume adjustment both on the unit and the remote stopped working . Since the unit only has a 90 day warranty I ca n't return it . Was fine when it worked , but not a reliable unit . I would not recommend this product .
 Amazon LLC sells this product in two colors.Black . And white.I waited patiently.Somehow I received PINK speakers ! Which is amazing , when pink is not even a color option ! What 's even more amazing , is that the item # on the box matched what I had ordered from Amazon ! It made me wonder if everyone ordering white is receiving pink , but I 'm probably just a lucky fluke.I 'm only slightly displeased . My new speakers will arrvive 2/1/08 , the same item # again , hopefully I receive the white speakers pictured above that I had originally ordered , but ... Amazon 's customer service was amazingly helpful and their return service is easy as well.I do most of my shopping online , and I have never experienced faster easier to deal with customer support . Hopefully I 'll get white speakers this time !
 1st attempt
 I bought this on Black Friday for $ 10 , and thought it was a great deal . I used it probably 10 times over the span of 4 months , and it was broken . It would n't let me turn down the volume , and it was way too loud for practical use at that point . Then , a few days later , it just plays my music so fuzzy you can barely make out what 's playing . The warranty is 90 days , and it lasts just long enough to screw you over . I feel sorry for people who bought it at face value . It pissed me off and I only spent 10 bucks . Avoid buying this low quality item .
 I 've returned this item because the color is not pearl white as the website showed , plus , my friend also did not like this color since it does not match with her iPod .
 Only buy this item if you desperately want to listen to your ipod out loud . The remote control I received did not work right out of the box . It will control the power and volume of the unit but will not pause , skip , or repeat tracks on the ipod . Sound quality is barely passable . No bass and no highs , only a muddy sounding midrange . The only thing I could compare it to are the small , handheld transistor radios that were popular in the seventies . The charger dock works fine but will not charge my ipod with a protective rubber sleeve on it . It also has a cool blue light that shines behind your ipod when the unit 's power is on . It 's a shame about the sound quality and the faulty remote because the unit itself is nice and heavy and feels very solid . If you have any other alternatives , I would advise to skip this one .
 This is a sincere comment on this product , and my first one ever . I bought it and I was excited to try it out in my bedroom . The unit looks pretty nice and for the price it definitely felt like a good deal.However , the bass sound is absolutely terrible ... I did read about this in another review , but I did n't expect that it would be this bad.I actually checked the EQ setting of my iPod to make sure it was n't in a `` bass boosting '' mode or anything like that . I was hoping that if I turned it off I 'd get an OK sound and I 'd not have to go through the trouble of returning it.My advice
 Even for the price , I still would n't suggest this one . Spend the extra bit of money and get good speakers . I needed to put the `` bass booster '' equilizer on on my iPod mini so that it would sound decent . It does n't come with any adapters for different iPods -LRB- mini , nano , video , etc. -RRB- , you can only have one device plugged in at once -LRB- CD player and ipod . it will not play the ipod -RRB- , and the remote is second to useless . Spend the bit of money and get good speakers . The JBL OnStage iPod Speakers are superb , even for inexpensive speakers . If you do n't want to pay that much , get regular old speakers .
 I read about the issues in prior reviews before buying this product , but since I was simply looking for something to play music on at a very low volume at my desk at work , I was n't concerned with the sound quality . The unit worked fine for a few months , but as many other reviewers noted I suddenly lost all volume control , and now it will only play on maximum volume , which makes it completely worthless . Its out of the 90 day warranty so I now have to toss it and buy something new . The product is inexpensive , but not worth it if you have to buy a new one every 90 days .
 This product lasted two days before the volume got stuck on maximum . It 's electronic so there 's no way for me to turn it down now . Useless item .
 I bought this product through Amazon from supersavingsusa . I never received it . After more than a month , I have requested a refund .
 I 'm returning it - My daughter was very disappointed . The volume control stopped working within one day of plugging it in.update - I returned it to the manufacturer under the warranty service . A similar unit was returned to us which works fine . The replacement unit 's color was slightly lavender , but my daughter was delighted . So far , it works okay .
 This product is styled very nicely but the quality of sound is below current acceptible standards . My first transistor radio sounded better !
 The quality of the ink was inferior to original EPSON cartridges . Also not all of the cartridges did work at all , or worked with lines on the images . I would never buy this product again .
 Read the reviews of other Denon Products and see how many agree ... BE CAREFUL WHO YOU BUY THIS FROM -- MOST etailers are NOT on Denon 's approved list -- and they will NOT honor the warranty if bought through them . Denon has two tiers of product marketing
 Not very good . Light intensity on subject not as expected . Subject still appears dark using only Griffin Sightlight during video conferencing . Additional room lighting still needed .
 What you 're paying for is the same thing as a cheap 40-watt desk lamp that can hardly light up a face in a dark room ! Not only does the light hardly work , but the light casts you in a weird blue complexion , even in a well lit room . The ambient light sensor sounds like a good idea but does n't really work that well -LRB- the light comes on even while in relatively well-lit rooms -RRB- . Despite all of these shortcomings , the SightLight is very easy to install . Bottom line ... Use an exsiting lamp or buy a cheap one on ebay .
 I pre-ordered directly from Griffin . When it shipped , I thought it would be cool to use . It barely lights up my face at all , and when it does , like other reviews have said , its an ugly blue.Save your $ $ , and buy a $ 5 desk lamp . Far better illumination , and multipurpose !
 The lights are weak LEDs and do n't do much at all . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 Bought this because it was supposed to light up your face so people could see you easier using iSight . It does n't do anything unless you are within a foot of it . It is worthless and should be pulled from the shelves .
 Is there ANY product by Griffin that has been designed competently ? I doubt it and I doubt that this company will get any of my $ $ again . NONE of the Griffin products I 've bought are designed well . Some of the products actually work , but if there 's a competing product , it is ALWAYS better.The Griffin SightLight is as rotten as anything Griffin sells because the premise for the product is flawed . The idea is that if you shine a light on your face , you 'll be able to get a better image from iSight . This makes intuitive sense , but what you get usually looks like an overexposed picture , or worse -LRB- i.e. , see other reviews -RRB- . One reason for this seems to be that the dynamic range of the camera usually ca n't accommodate the increased illumination of the subject from the SightLight . The gadget is unhelpful and unnecessary.Software solutions are VASTLY superior , so you do n't need to buy yet another piece of hardware . The iGlasses program in particular is very inexpensive , takes about 3 minutes to download , and allows one to set the brightness of the IMAGE in all lighting situations I 've encountered . It takes all of 10 seconds to make this easy adjustment . The adjusted image looks like it should , which is n't the case with the SightLight . iGlasses also gives you the power to control many other features of the image
 I had high hopes for this product . After all , every video chat benefits from extra light , right ? Unfortunately , this product is only beneficial in absolutely darkness . Its illumination is so weak that it 's virtually impossible to detect any difference under normal office lighting.Chances are that you will be using iChat AV with your iSight . And the blueish white light this product gives off completely upsets iSight 's automatic white balance . Caucasian skin will have an unnatural pink or magenta tinge to it -LRB- like you have high blood pressure ! -RRB- as the iSight will get confused between your office light , any daylight and the blue/white LEDs that power this light . Also the LEDs are very piercing and difficult to look at ... not the soft glow needed from such a product . I guarantee you will squint everytime you look into your iSight with this light on.Unless you need to videoconference in pitch black rooms or outdoors at night , I would avoid this product .
 I recently bought a sitelight from my local Apple Store . Its now on its way back to the store because it basically does nothing - there is so little light emitted that you might as well hold a lighter in front of your face - you 'd get better results .
 Worked marginally for the first month . Light works only at close distance -LRB- you have to be 12 from the light source -RRB- . Then the fire wire connection failed . The light works on it 's own , but not in conjunction with the iSight Camera . I 've tried it with another camera and computer and conclude that the fire wire link is faulty . It 's past the 30 day warranty so apparently I have no recourse . It 's a lousy product and the Amazon return policy is inadequate .
 This light offers no extra lightSeriously - you could buy a small desk lamp for a much cheaper price , and it will provide you with MUCH better and more effective lightingTHe SightLight does look cool in a way though -- so if you need the cool factor , then go for it
 Is there ANY product by Griffin that has been designed competently ? I doubt it and I doubt that this company will get any of my $ $ again . NONE of the Griffin products I 've bought are designed well . Some of the products actually work , but if there 's a competing product , it is ALWAYS better.The Griffin SightLight is as rotten as anything Griffin sells because the premise for the product is flawed . The idea is that if you shine a light on your face , you 'll be able to get a better image from iSight . This makes intuitive sense , but what you get usually looks like an overexposed picture , or worse -LRB- i.e. , see other reviews -RRB- . One reason for this seems to be that the dynamic range of the camera usually ca n't accommodate the increased illumination of the subject from the SightLight . The gadget is unhelpful and unnecessary.Software solutions are VASTLY superior , so you do n't need to buy yet another piece of hardware . The iGlasses program in particular is very inexpensive , takes about 3 minutes to download , and allows one to set the brightness of the IMAGE in all lighting situations I 've encountered . It takes all of 10 seconds to make this easy adjustment . The adjusted image looks like it should , which is n't the case with the SightLight . iGlasses also gives you the power to control many other features of the image
 Unfortunately , these tuners are not ATSC -LRB- Digital -RRB- and therefore can not be used in most of the world now . Not sure why people are still trying to sell them . Buyers , beware .
 This is the first complaint on anything I have bought through Amazon . This product was fulfilled through 47th Street Photo . I specifically ordered it because it was advertised as Canon brand name products . When the order came , it was a Samsonite camera case -LRB- nice , but bigger than the Canon item -RRB- , and `` off-brand '' batteries and charger , similar to ones that I 've had trouble with in the past . It was specifically the Canon batteries I wanted , in addition to the case . I wo n't go through the return process , but I 'll think twice before ordering something again not sent directly by Amazon .
 This charger is very costly . Buy the sony or the sanyo on with the better mAH . Better to avoid canon one .
 Item has never been delivered -LRB- although Amazon 's webseite indicates the contrary -RRB- , seller has not responded to my complaint and I had to request the use of the guarantee -LRB- I am still awaiting response about it -RRB- .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Better yet , spend a bit more at Radio Shack for a system that will handle different size batteries as well . This is a scam for suckers who think there is something uncompatible about one AA-battery versus another ; thinking Canon makes a `` special '' battery only compatible with their camera -LRB- ha -RRB- , they spend more than twice what they should . Do n't be fooled .
 This kit is priced way too high . If you shop around you can find other NIMH battery chargers for a lower price and the batteries that are included often have a higher mAH rating . Some of the chargers even have a quick charge mode so you do n't have to wait overnight for them to charge.There are also camera cases for specific model cameras that should fit those camera much better . The case for the Canon PowerShot A400/A410 is -LRB- at the time of this review -RRB- priced on Amazon at just under $ 6 . It fits my PowerShot A410 camera perfectly and is well worth the price .
 It is a waste of your money to spend $ 40 for Canon Battery Charger.Best Option is to buy Sony Charger which comes with 4 AA batteries and buy the Camera cover which totals around $ 25 so that shipping is free .
 For $ 45 its really not worth buying this , when you get sony 's nimh AA batteries and charger for $ 18 - $ 23 range with various options , with 4 AA NimH rechargable batteries . And camera case canon it self is selling it for $ 5-10 .
 Bought this back in June of 2004 -LRB- price was slightly lower than now -RRB- . The case is fine , but would have preferred a belt clip rather than loop . The batteries appear to be fairly good quality -LRB- unlike the junk set of 2100mAhs I bought from Radio Shark which could n't hold a charge in a lightning storm -RRB- . The charger is decent , barring a couple weaknesses
 Never worked . Simply , plug it in and get two options to plug into . It never worked . No dial tone through this device . If it was n't so cheap , I would ask for a refund .
 This thing did n't work at all . I threw it away . It would not make contact with the jack . Cheap , but not of acceptable quality . Maybe the one I got was defective , but it did n't appear any different from the picture .
 I wanted this splitter to be able to run both my computer AND Netflick at the same time ... . It does NOT work ! I can only get one side to work !
 Maybe I just got a bad one . I had this sent as a gift with a cordless phone and it did n't work . I later made a visit out of state and took a replacement that did work . When I checked this one at home - No good ! Looking closer , the molding was faulty . The brass connectors do not stick up far enought to make contact . Thus , no connection . GE should do better than this .
 I am not sure how well it does to hook up multiple phones or a fax , but it is to small to plug in internet cables .
 These things used be all over in phone boxes . Now when you need one you go to radio shack and they want $ 10 . It 's unbelievable ! This thing did the job but it 's worth 10 cents .
 I do n't think it 's the camera -LRB- although I do n't like my Olympus either -RRB- . I have purchased 2 of these batteries in addition to the one that came with the camera and none of them hold their charge . They should be recalled and you should avoid purchasing any of the same .
 It looks original in the picture , but it definitely is n't . Says made in China on the box , but the battery says made in Japan . It says `` Olympus Imoaging Corp '' instead of `` Olympus Imaging Corp. '' . The font , the plastic , and the metal parts are n't the same as the original . I have n't tested to see if it works well , but it bothers me that they try to deceive one .
 doesnt hold a charge for nearly as long as the battery that came with the camera . It shows ` dead battery ' after every time i use it .
 I figured out why you see 5 star reviews and 1 star reviews for the same product ... the cheap ones NOT sold through Amazon are probably fake , and the more expensive ones -LRB- about $ 28 -RRB- with AMAZON as the SELLER are real . Make sure you check who it is sold by . When you search for the product , the results show only the cheap one , but if you click on it , then look on the right-hand side , `` More Buying Choices '' - you should choose the one offered by AMAZON . I gave this product a 1-star rating to bring attention to this issue -LRB- I do n't want this review to get lost in the sea of 5-star reviews -RRB- . Obviously if I got the real Olympus battery through Amazon it would be 5-stars :-RRB- Hope this helps !
 This battery was brand new , seemed like original packaging . It however did not work.Returned it , no questions asked , no hassles . Received credit , ordered a different one , the next one did work .
 This battery performed worse than the one I was replacing . I fully charged it , put ot in the camera , and was able to take just 2 pictures before my camera signalled the battery was extremely low . Took one more picture and my camera turned off . There should be a no stars option for a product this bad .
 I purchased this product as a back up battery for my camera and when it arrived I put it in the new charger . The charger light came on and went off to indicate battery was fully charged . I placed the battery in my camera and the camera would not even turn on . I thought perhaps the camera had problems , so I charged up the old battery and when charged and placed in the camera it started up immediately . This product did not charge and was faulty . I would not recommend this product .
 Please do n't order this battery . All the comments about the battery are TRUE . THE BATTERY IS WORTHLESS !!! I ordered in May 2012 . The battery will not hold its charge and it is not the original . I should trust all the reviews . I did n't give a star at all , but the website will not accept the comment unless it is at least a star . The battery S _ _ _ _ !!!
 I purchased this battery so I would have an extra battery to use for photos I planned to take on a trip to France . I was never able to charge the battery . I am assuming the product was defective when I purchased it . Needless to say , I am very unhappy with the product .
 I bought this battery as an extra for our daughter 's camera . The battery would not take a charge . I contacted the seller and was instructed to return the battery for a replacement -LRB- my choice -RRB- . The replacement was sent promptly . Unfortunately , the replacement was the same , it would not take a charge . After contacting the seller again , I recieved an immediate response with an apology and advised that I would recieve a refund for the full amount paid . The refund was done immediately and they never asked for the battery to be returned . I have since thrown the battery away . I do n't know if it means anything or not but , I did notice one thing , both batteries were a different color than the original that came with the camera . Based on the customer service from this seller , I would definately give them another try if given the oportunity.Olympus LI-42B Li-Ion Rechargeable Battery
 Got this product some months ago for two Olympus cameras I have . The part number matches and everything starts fine . After only 1 week the first camera stopped working so I bought a new camera and two weeks later the other camera stopped too . I contacted Olympus and they want to charge me arms and legs to fix the problem . Then , by accident I tried one of the old batteries and the surprise ! Both cameras are working so the problem was with the batteries ... I 'm really not willing to claim a warranty replacement but I wish the batteries did last for at least 6 month ...
 These batteries did not hold a charge and by the time I found out it was too late to return them .
 se me da & ntilde ; o muy rapido no funciono , se exploto y se hincho la bateria , talv ez fue mala suerte , slaudos
 These batteries do have a short life even if you recicle them frequently. , do not leave them without charging for long periods. , since they will die sooner .
 After approx . 4 separate uses and charging cycles , each battery only provided enough power to take approx 10 photos -LRB- per charging cycle -RRB- with an Olympus SW 720 camera . Ordinarily , the Olympus Li-42B battery has enough power to take 150 + pictures each charging . And the Olympus Li-42B ordinarily lasts 2 + years.Each of these batteries had a manufacture date of 06-2012 . I returned the batteries and was refunded all but $ 6.00 .
 I got this one to replace a battery that died in my Olympus Camera , but this one NEVER held a great charge either .
 Charged the battery as soon as it arrived , but found it does not hold a charge for very long . Original battery went without charging for months , if lucky this one last 1/2 day .
 I bought this for my uncle . I imagined the battery would be fine , but last time I spoke him , he mentioned the battery never worked.ANother battery like this from another supplier did n't work either -LRB- after one charge it has stoppped working -RRB- . It told my uncle better buy another camera -LRB- no more Olympus -RRB- instead of investing in lousy batteries.There are supposed to be original Olympus batteries !
 My first experience with this battery is not the same with the other reviewers , first it has no english in the instructions that came with it . After using it for the first time , the battery did n't hold a charge enough to last a hockey game -LRB- approx 3 hours total -RRB- and died down at the start of the third period !!! I will continue to use it and see if maybe it was just because of the first time use and hopefully it will improve and hold more charge !!
 I am very unhappy with the service that is being provided ... I had recently purchased Item
 Buyers beware ! It is not original Olympus battery , it 's a fake . I bought recently a new Olympus HD video recorder -LRB- LS-20M -RRB- that came with native Olympus LI-42B battery -LRB- cell made in Japan by Sanyo , assembled in Vietnam , manufactured in June 2010 - the latter info is crucial , will explain below -RRB- . Since the battery was advertised by Olympus to work only for 65 minutes in HD mode I decided to buy a spare one . The reviewed battery says it is made in Japan , it comes in blue carton and , truly , looks like original . However , there is no info about WHEN was it manufactured . The problem is that Li-Ion batteries loose about 20-30 % of their resource in a year , even if they are not used . Anyway , I had optimal conditions for testing
 This battery wo n't keep a charge.After charging the battery with the Olympus battery charger , my camera can only take 3 pictures before it indicates `` battery empty . `` Also , the model on the battery reads 60206BA , but the battery I wanted to buy reads 51209BA .
 I bought this battery and instantly found that it works like my 6 year old previous battery . It only holds a charge for 10-15 pictures and then it goes from full charge to flashing red on empty . I would n't recommend it to anyone . Interesting ...
 As crappy as the original battery that came with the camera . Died instantly and lowered the quality of the pictures .
 These batteries that Amazon sells are complete phonies of the orginial manufacture . I purchased 2 batteries for a recent trip and after charging them neither one would hold a charge or even have enough power to take 1 picture . I should have known better when I put the battery in the wall charger and the charging light went out in less tha 10 minutes .
 I ordered two of this battery . One took a charge , the other will not take a charge even after several attempts . 50 % failure rate is appalling .
 In the picture says made in China , but is not true . Cause I bought one and they gave me one made in Jap&oacute;n ...
 I swapped my original battery with this one , expecting to get longer battery life . My phone kept crashing re-booting randomly , and I also discovered that my iPhone would not charge .
 These batteries were useless ! They could hardly turn on the camera and if it came on it went off before I could remove one photo . I contacted the seller immediately and they gave me a refund immediately . It almost seemed like they were aware that they sold me junk .
 The battery was in retail packaging , but it must have been there for quite a while , because there was n't much charge left in it . I only took about 20 pictures before it died . I recharged it and the same thing happened .
 Battery looks fine but why did it show up as being compatible to my Stylus800 camera ? The cables I bought in the same search screen did fit my camera , Amazon needs some work . This is not compatible to my camera which is why I may never buy something like this again on the web , be cause you can not see and touch it . To ship it back will cost more than the battery so `` GOT YA , GOT YA ''
 Item was delivery on time in original package has stated . Item seems to be defective , it charge it to full and when place in camera , camera indicate that battery needs to be recharge . This product is no good would not recommend for other to purchase .
 Hmmmm ... . ordered the Olympus LI-42B Lithium Ion Rechargeable Battery for ca . $ 6 from Amazon ... the price was $ 5 more when billedOlympus LI-42B Li-Ion Rechargeable Batteryon Amazon . Is that Amazon 's new way of ` balancing sales ' ?
 This item was listed as `` also purchased when ordering your camera `` Unfortunately my camera I bought was the Olympus 8000 and this battery was for another camera , so after opening it and trying to install it , found it would n't fit.Guess I 'll know not to purchase anything recommended by the article again .
 Buyer beware of this keyboard , terrible performance ! This keyboard experiences horrible performance issues with this keyboard , if the wireless transciever is moved away , this keyboard malfunctions and sometimes will not register key clicks . I 've had to purchase a Microsoft Keyboard 6000 becuase I could n't take this keyboard anymore . Do NOT buy ! You will regret it !
 It was working fine for a month so I bought four more . One day one of co-worker told me someone try to get in her computer . Her mouse and keyboard work itself . We checked network , virus , everything I can think of but it was this keyboard and mouse used two office down the other room . We had to trash all this keyboard and mouse . If you have any wireless device within 50feet . do n't buy this item .
 The mouse didnt work at all . The keyboard didnt work well . Letters stuck , and sometimes wouldnt work at all.Also this is only compatable for a PC , NOT LAP TOP . I found that out the hard way and tried to return . They would n't take back so I had to buy an adapter and it still was n't worth the money . I threw it away .
 I bought this to replace a 10 year old HP Laserjet 4L primarily used for printing checks from Quicken . The HP was flawless , this is another story . Printing a full sheet of checks from the paper cassette is fine , but anything requiring the manual sheet feed is a disaster . The mechanism used to sense paper in the slot is touchy . It sometimes works and mostly does n't . I 've wasted more money in spoiled checks than I paid for the printer itself .
 This is only the second review I have ever left at Amazon , but I thought our experience might possibly help other people make an informed decision.We bought a Samsung ML1740 from a company other than Amazon . We chose it mainly because it was such a good price -- about $ 88 , quite a bit cheaper than the HP LaserJet 1012 . It also had some nice features , particularly the large lock-in paper tray.We set it all up and printed a page and it seemed quite a snazzy little printer . It was n't until later that I realized the page had printed off center by over 1/8 of an inch . In other words , quite noticeably.I called Samsung and told the CS person my problem . He suggested that I change the margins . I assumed he meant that there was a magical way to change the margin settings within the printer software . But no , it turned out he was suggesting I change the margins within the word-processing program for every single document I printed ! He said that 's just how this printer is and that the one he had on his end printed off center as well , albeit not as drastically . Apparently the print head is stuck in there a certain way and there 's no way to recalibrate it . Overall , he gave the impression that he thought I was unrealistic and overdemanding to expect this printer to center the print job on the page . He did admit , however , that he had received other calls on this issue.Well , I was pretty steamed about this at first , but when I cooled off I decided to give the 1740 another chance . The price was so good ! So we drove significantly out of our way to another version of the company where we got the first one -LRB- the original store was out of stock -RRB- . Got home , set it up , turned it on . It started warming up , kept warming up , kept warming up , and after a while it started to smell kind of hot and dangerous , and still it kept warming up ... Our first 1740 had a loud warm-up period of about 10 seconds or so . This one never printed one page due to its apparently permanent warm-up phase . Fearing it might explode , and considering that this might possibly be a sign that the 1740 was not the printer for us , I boxed the second one up and exchanged it for the HP LaserJet 1012 . The 1012 has worked perfectly from page one , has no obnoxious warm-up noise , and , aside from a rather strange software setup , has given us exactly zero problems to date . The printer it replaced was an HP 5L , which worked great for over 10 years with very few and minor problems . I should have known better than to let the allure of a low price cause me to ignore a product with a proven record.This was my first Samsung product and so far I am not impressed , not just with the quality of the product but also with the peculiar attitude of at least one of their CS reps. Will I buy Samsung in the future ? I have n't decided , but right now it does n't look good .
 I 've never bought a Samsung product without having glitches to iron out . In this case , there are drivers on the company 's web site for various versions of the Mac OS , but , after fighting with the printer and the drivers and the Mac for an hour , I called tech support and was told that the printer does n't work with a Mac . It is fine that it does n't ; Samsung is under no obligation to make printers Mac-compatible . However , I checked the site before buying the printer , and saw the Mac drivers listed for this model , so I took the dive . Take nothing for granted when you buy any Samsung product , or when you read Amazon customer reviews that claim products are Mac-compatible .
 Pro
 This is a great little printer , while it lasts . I 've owned both the ML1740 and the earlier ML1710 and both failed shortly after the one year manufacturer warranty expired . If you want a printer for a year , this one is great - otherwise , I would put your dollars somewhere else.The errors that each one had were different , incidentally .
 I bought this printer to work with my MacOS X machine . I opened the box to find a little note -- Samsung Specification Revision Bulletin # 001-032904 -- stating that this printer is not fully compatible with Mac operating systems . Additionally , `` Any references to Mac compatibility in any advertising , manuals , specifications , or other documentation is not valid and should be disregarded . `` That 's nice since I bought the thing online based on specifications and reviews stating that it WAS Mac-compatible . To their credit , they say that they 'll accept the return of , and issue a full refund for the printer . We 'll see how that goes tomorrow.Be warned that the following Samsung printers/multifunction devices also fall under this bulletin : ML-1740 printerML-1750 printerCLP-500 printerCLP-500N printerSCX-4016 multifunction productSCX-4216F multifunction product
 In interests of full disclosure , I chose not to buy this printer due to toner costs . Just check those costs before you buy . A 3000 page toner costs $ 70 , versus $ 54 for the toner of an equivalent Brother -LRB- say the HL1440 which I have owned -RRB- or $ 70 for a 6000 page Brother toner . I think Samsung is known to do this `` make the profit in the refills '' for this printer .
 Purchased this printer in Sept. after reading all the great reviews . Unfortunately , I can not support all the raves . I have had nothing but problems since I purchased this printer -LRB- a great price after rebate -RRB- from Amazon . After it prints three or four pages , something happens where a window comes up and says , it is out of paper when the paper storage is completely full . This happens several times a day and I think that it is overheating or something similar since I shut if off for five minutes , and I can then print another four copies . I tried several times to get Samsung Tech Service and I get a recorded message that Samsung is experiencing difficulties and to call back . They 're not the only ones having difficulties . I 've decided to get another reliable Canon which I have on my other PC , which I have had for a couple of years without problems and just chalk the Samsung up as a `` loser '' .
 We purchased this printer to take the load off an ink jet and lower printing costs . A brick and mortar store had this printer on sale and advertised -LSB- ... -RSB- We decided to keep the printer and eat the lesser of the two rebates -- it was still a good deal . I hooked it up and found marks on the margin caused by a defective toner cartridge . Samsung 's solution is for me to buy a new cartridge . Also the printing is twisted on the page Samsung says the paper does n't meet its ' spec . Two different laser papers from two different manufacturers that comply with the spec printed in the owners manual and they blame the paper.Look at another manufacturer for your laser needs , we are .
 Firstly , this is a solid monochrome printer that 's fast and reliable . Otherwise , if you are a Mac user or intend to share this printer , forget it ! Despite the fact that Samsung offers a Mac driver , their TechSupport claims that this printer is `` NOT Mac compatible '' . I find it odd that I downloaded a driver from Samsung that was Mac compatible , AND I 've been using this with a Mac with little trouble over the last 6 mos . - only to find that this printer is NOT Mac compatible . To redefine what Samsung means by `` Mac compatible ''
 Not much else to say . It did n't work and I called the phone manufacturer who sent one to me that did work . Would n't give it even one star if I could get away with it .
 I love the design of this headset . If the cord only lasted longer than it did , this would be a 5-star item . After 2 months , the cord shorts out and if I tilt my head just right while I am talking , the wires will have enough connection that people can hear me . Very frustrating . I hope others have had a better experience .
 The camera was nice for the month it worked ... I got it for my graduation right before college and it never even made it to school . I went to an outdoor concert and was taking pictures when it started to drizzle . I put it in my purse immediately . It could not have gotten that wet , yet it began to act funky later that evening , the buttons were all doing different things than they were supposed to . For a while it only tuned on when it was plugged in and you hit the on button about five times , eventually it would n't turn on anymore . Because it was considered water damage the warranty would n't cover it and I 'm out a camera . The screen was great and the pictures it did manage to take were ok , but sometimes turned out pixely , not what I would have expected even from a 5.1 megapixel camera.Unless you are planning to have this camera encased in magical protective gear forever , I would avoid it .
 We bought this camera to replace our old Canon 3.2 MP . It was a bad trade ! This camera seemed easy to use , but once we uploaded the pics onto the computer , they were very digital-looking -LRB- pixel-y ? -RRB- . They were awful compared to our old camera . Also , the whole back of the camera is the LCD screen and I didnt like that . I did n't want to touch the screen and had trouble with the camera feeling comfortable in my hands . We returned it and bought the Canon 8MP Powershot and loved it !
 This is the first time I have felt the need to write a review . This may be a stylish looking camera with a price that you can not pass by , but you really should . The images taken on this camera are grainy , pixelated , and a huge disappointment . Save yourself the hassle and do not buy this camera . This customered just returned his .
 I 've had this camera for a few years now and I like it for it 's picture taking ability overall . However , the compatibility , or non-compatibility I should say , makes me crazy . It takes an xD card which is not compatible with the standard SD card reader that is built in to my computer or my portable card reader that accepts 6 formats , but not xD . This also means that if I have a problem with my card or want to share pictures with friends , I cant because everyone else is using SD cards . Also , the transfer cable is not a standard USB cable that most cameras use . It looks like one but the part that plugs into the camera is just a little more square than standard . So I always get it mixed up with all my other standard cables and end up loosing it.If you plan to use this camera in isolation and are not concerned with the incompatibility of the card and the cable , then the camera is great . However , if you want a camera that allows flexibility in taking , transferring , and sharing pictures , I recommend getting camera more standard.As a side note , I am also not happy with Fujifilm 's contact us on the their website . They run you in circles and never actually give you an email address to make comments . So that is another x against them ...
 I was really excited to buy this camera because of the large screen , the good name -LRB- fujifilm -RRB- , and the games . I had seen that Consumer Reports online had given it `` excellent '' in print quality , so I was completely dissappointed to find that the pictures were extremely grainy . Some of the pictures I took were acceptable , for instance , shots outside or in brightly lit areas.I was taking pictures of a baby shower which took place in a living room with open windows , and none of the pictures are clear . Also , for most of the pictures I zoomed in slightly or a lot , and none of the zoomed pictures were clear at all.I would not recommend this product .
 I went through 2 of these before calling it quits . The first one arrived with a broken lcd , so I would urge anyone getting this camera to treat it like a carton of eggs . The second one arrived and worked for about 10 photos . After that it would no longer power on . In addition to having a camera that did n't work , I now have 2 useless xd picture cards that wo n't work in anything other than Olympus or Fuji ... and after my Fuji experience I 'll pass . I decided to spend the extra money and buy a Canon SD630 . In the V10 's defense it took decent pictures before it died and I posted them just in case my review does n't scare you away from this camera ! Also , I have had at least 5 or 6 point and shoots prior to this and NEVER had any problems whether they were casio , kodak , hp , sony , or canon , or my nikon DSLR . Also Amazon had AMAZING customer service and accepted the cameras back with no problem !
 Got this camera looking to replace our old Canon SD110 . Very cool unit with fun features . Unfortunately it seems that all the money went into design and not performance . While flesh tones were good the photos were very grainy . Switching from the auto settings to manual trying to override the ISO did n't help . Indoors , outdoors , all consistently dissappointing .
 The camera is fine as long as nothing goes wrong . Fuji has the worst customer service I have ever delt with . They pass you from one person to another and do everything they can not to help you . Be prepared to deal with the worst customer service in the business . I really hope this helps you .
 I recently purchased this camera -- I wanted a small , cheap backup camera , and the price Amazon was offering it at was incredible . Once the camera arrived , I took it out for several test shots under different lighting conditions -LRB- indoors w / flash , bright indoors w/o flash , outdoors closeup & distance -RRB- . Uploaded the pics to my mac , took a good look , and returned it to Amazon within six hours of the first shot.Looking at the whole picture on the screen , the Fuji 's image was noticeably `` soft '' , and when zoomed in at all , they looked like watercolor paintings . Noise everywhere , even on shots where I dialed down the ISO . 4x6 printouts were barely acceptable , I 'd never go larger . Overall image quality was what I 'd expect in a camera from ~ 2000-2001 , not a current generation camera . Compared with my other 5MP camera -LRB- an S2IS -RRB- , these images were not useable . Still , this is a clever little camera that looks great & would be very easy to carry as long as you 're not picky about noise in the image .
 I bought this item from Amazon . It works well at ISO levels below 400 . Above that -LRB- which is basically any shot with flash -RRB- picture quality is terrible . I know a bit about photography , and spent whole weekend playing with settings etc. . Did not help ... Returned and got money back.Do not buy this item , it is junk .
 Picture quality poor compared to 5mp Pentax I had . Also have had problem with the lens cover not opening all the way when I turn it on .
 I owned an old Fujifilm S5000 -LRB- 3.2 M -RRB- and I was really happy with that . However that one is very bulky and I needed one that fits nicely in the pocket . The V10 fits my needs perfectly about the size of your palm.Because of its size , its bit awkward at first taking photos , but you get used to it . My reason for the low 2 star rating is when you power the camera up , the lens moves out and a plastic protective cover opens up . This plastic cover keeps getting stuck and not opening up completely , I had to push them open with my fingers.It takes decent pictures , but because of the broken unit I got , I had to return it . Anyone else see this problem ?
 My son had it for about 15 mo. . He 's in the UK . The camera lens fails . When he gets back in 2 mo. we 'll see if it can get fixed for less than it is worth . Warranty expires and the camera dies . Not what i would call a great product.Truly unhappy .
 I bought this camera for my boyfriend so we could take behind the scene shots when we are on film sets . We just got back from working on a feature in Trinidad and 90 % of the pictures are so grainy . The LCD image is grainy and I knew that , but this thing has no idea how to focus , especially in low light.If you do n't want to ruin a priceless experience with terrible pictures then get a better camera .
 I really wanted this camera to be a good one . I own a FinePix S5100 for over two years and I am perfectly happy with the photos that it takes . I ordered the V10 as a less bulky alternative.When I received the camera everything looked to be right . The price was excellent -LRB- 130 $ -RRB- , the packaged included anything I needed -LRB- card , rechargeable battery , manual -RRB- and the camera itself had a sleek design and a huge LCD . Both the software and the firmware -LRB- on the camera -RRB- is foolproof with many capabilities.It was n't until I took the first shot when my enthusiasm was curbed
 I bought this camera six months ago for my son 's birthday and it has been nothing but trouble . We are inexperienced and new to digital cameras so we did n't know this was n't how cameras work . First , it freezes after a couple of seconds or blacks out and ca n't be used for a minute or more . We started to hold the power button down the whole time to keep it functioning and then quickly slip your finger over to take a photo . What a pain.Now it completely froze with a open lens and readsFocus error on the LCD > Too late to get a refund and ca n't figure out how to get a replacement through the online return center . Just kicks it back to me saying too late for 30 full refund.I will never order electronic 's online because now I am stuck with an obviously defective camera and out 150.00 with no recourse.This sucks !
 This is a terrific camera , and a great value . I was lucky enough to pick one up when Amazon had them priced at $ 123 . That large LCD is great . Sure you get finger prints on it . Anyone with a cellphone is probably used to that anyways . The menus are quite intuitive , as is the operation of the camera . Takes great pictures . I 'm hoping that Amazon reduces the price again so I can pick up a couple more of them for gifts . And with 1GB xD memory at $ 24.99 at Amazon , there 's a great match for a lot of storage for a terrific camera.Edited August , 2009 - One of these cameras completely failed . Fortunately my credit card company extends the original manufacturers warranty by one year , and the camera failure occurred 2 days before that 2nd year was up . Placed a claim , got a repair estimate from Fuji -LRB- about $ 85 -RRB- , had the camera repaired -LRB- main circuit board replaced , and the credit card company reimbursed me for the repair . Camera worked fine after repair . Still like this camera , but have seen other comments on the Internet about this type of failure.Edit
 FUJI FINEPIX V-10 CAMERA , IT OK BUT IT WO N'T DO NEARLY THE REQUIREMENTS THAT I HAVE IN MIND . THE CLOSE-UP IS TERRIBLE , OTHERWISE ITS JUST OK . .
 I had this camera for one week and then I dropped and it hit the edge of my desk and then I caught it . It would not work at all and it cost more to ship it to Fuji than to buy a new one . Also I could n't find the warranty card they swore I should have even though I did n't throw anything away . It was nice for the week it lasted , but definately not worth it .
 This product and its pictures are EXTREMELY misleading . The picture shows a two port phone jack connected to a fairly long phone cord . The picture makes it look like it is one item . This is not the case . When my shipment arrived , it was a three port phone splitter and a long phone cord with no way to connect the two included . Since I had ordered this product specifically because it had a phone splitter attached to a long phone cord , I am very disappointed in this product and the false advertising . I would not recommend this product to anyone.For the record , the `` technical details '' is misleading also : Duplex adapter attached on one end provides connection of two devices25 Foot cord
 this dual jack does not work very good - -LRB- actually not at all in my case -RRB- - so what I am left with is a very long telephone cord which I do not need . I used to use dual jacks just fine - but now it seems I need something more which I found on ebay - so now I am up and running . The dual jack probably does work as well as the jacks at the dollar store - so if you need something like that with a long cord then you would be all set .
 A few days after I set up my telephones , I decided to switch them around and could not get one of the phone jacks out and had to buy a replacement for this . Would n't recommend this .
 The image incorrectly shows model # TL26164 , which has a detachable coupler . The model # TL26571 in the purchase description has the extension coupler permanently wired into one end of the cord ... it 's one-piece , not a 25 ft. cord with a separate coupler .
 I bought this coupler to put two 25 ' phone cords together -LRB- the cord between the hand set and the phone itself -RRB- . We were always stretching a single cord beyond its limitations when talking on the phone . However , when using this coupler , I could not get a clear connection between two cords . I tested both cords -LRB- at first I thought I had a defective cord -RRB- but I determined the issue was with the coupler . Perhaps it just should be considered only for line cords -LRB- between the wall jack and phone -RRB- that do not have tension .
 Machine has a fatal flaw.The first one I bought did not work at all , and I replaced it.The second one was fine for about a month , then began cutting out messages when I accessed them remotely . Yet messages were there when I came home . Great , got to come home to get a message!ATT was very responsive and sent me a new machine . Worked great for three weeks . Hit the dust -- same flaw re remote access -- this week.ATT is sending me the 1722 . Have no idea whether it too is defective . Let 's hope not . Wish we were back in the good old days when Lucent not VTech made ATT machines.Only good thing I can say is that ATT does respond to calls.Do not bother to buy this machine . For $ 20 the hassle and lack of a working machine it is not worth it . Three strikes ...
 I had one of the earlier AT&T digital models , which worked fine for about five years . Then it failed , and I bought the new model . The good thing about the AT&T models is that they use flash memory , so messages wo n't be lost if there is a loss of power . But the new model seems to be flawed . At the end of a message , after a caller hangs up , the machine records dead air for about thirty seconds before it resets . I returned the machine and got a second one , which did the same thing . The second one is also going back to the store .
 I owned this unit for a few weeks before I realized it was not recording all incoming messages . I followed the troubleshooting guide and found the problem - messages will not be saved if the caller speaks too softly . I left myself a few ` test ' messages and basically you have to shout in order to guarantee the message is saved . Rather than asking callers to shout at the machine I 'm going to buy a different one .
 First . . it does n't have a battery backupSecond , if you pick up while it 's answering , it does n't disconnect and you ca n't turn it off until the greeting is complete . That 's enough for me . It 's 3 weeks old and headed for the trash after I get a new one .
 While it will retain messages , it wo n't reset it self after a power failure . So if the power goes out even for a minute , it wo n't record , untill you reset it .
 Can not even understand my own outgoing message - sounds like talking through a blanket . Tried rerecording 25 times to no avail .
 I bought this answering machine because it looks good but I am very disappointed with the clarity of the recorded messages it is the first digital answering machine and it might be the same with all others but I used to have till now the one that records on tape and it is not to compare
 I bought this for my Dad in Rhode Island . It was delivered quickly and the set up was easy . However , it does not answer calls originated from outside Rhode Island . It picks up and then disconnects . I confirmed this by trying to call from Virginia -LRB- where I live -RRB- , and on trips to Maine and Massachusetts with both land-line and cell phones . The user guide did not address this issue so I went on the AT&T Customer Support web-site and asked if this was a malfunction with the machine , or a known problem
 I expected to receive GE brand batteries but received some offshore generic batteries instead . Obviously , I was a bit disappointed by that .
 I bought this one for replacing my motorola phone battery . The battery package states my phone 's model number as a supported phone . The battery life is horrible . Does not even last a day with one charge ... it is even worse than the old battery that I replaced . I would definitely not recommend this .
 I saw nothing in the literature at the Amazon site that stated this product was not meant for use on devices installed in a pc . That 's where I intended to use it , and so , I was very disappointed that when I inserted it into the Phillips DVD/CD + RW in my Dell pc nothing happened ! I tried it in the second drive , a DVD-Rom player and again - nothing.I thought perhaps it was Windows Media Player and so I tried Yahoo Music Jukebox and that failed to produce any recognition of the CD . I tried Quick Time and Real Player and MusicMatchJukebox . Nothing.I wrote Memorex asking for advice . In their email reply they said `` To answer to your question this unit only should be use on stand aloneDVD/CD players it is not recommended to be use on DVD/CD burners or combocomputer drives if the device its not working properly we can replace itfree of charge you just need to fill our warranty replacement form andspecify the product . '' Excellent answer . I 'll pass.In conclusion , if you intend to use this on your pc , pick something else . I will say that Amazon was very positive in their response to my dissatisfaction and immediately allowed me to print a return label . Also , they picked up the cost of return shipping . Thank you , Amazon ! Because I have used a Phillips lense cleaning cd successfully on my pc before , I will look for another from that company .
 My guess is if you can get your player to read the disc it just might work . Unfortunately for me , non of my players even recognized the disc . I have a PS3 , Samsung blu ray , LG blu ray , and four regular Sony dvd players . Non and I do mean non of my players recognized this disc . Everyone of them gave me a disc error message . Unfortunately since I lost the Best Buy receipt , I could n't return it . Fortunately I only paid $ 5 for it . Buy the Maxell disc cleaner instead , it works .
 Like some of the other reviewers this product only worked in ONE of my FIVE drives . I bought it for my Magnavox DVD recorder that skips on playback . That drive and the other three would not recognize any tracks and therefore would not recognize a disc .
 Did not work for my brand of DVD player - GPX 5 year old antique from K mart . Wrapping does not specify which brand it will work for . I now know that GPX not one of them . player did not read cleaner , cleaner did not clean lens . I ended up removing cover on dvd plaYER , manually cleaning lens with cotton buds and rubbing alcohol - dvd now working again , no thanks to DVD lens cleaner . Worth a try though - cheap price prompt delivery .
 I bought this to clean my little brother 's xbox 360 to fix the `` open tray '' problem when he puts in games or dvds as an alternative for buying a new xbox . I put in the lens cleaner and it says reading disc and goes back to `` open tray '' everyone online says it 's supposed to play and give me instructions and it did NOTHING !!
 Happy others found this product useful , but it did nothing for me . My DVD player in my home could n't read the disk , and the CD player in my car is skipping just the same as always -LRB- even reading this cleaning disc -RRB- . Lucky it was cheap , because it was a total waste of money .
 My old 6 CD car stereo had been having problems reading audio CDs . It sometimes skips tracks or declares CD to be bad once in a while . I bought the Memorex CD/DVD-Player Laser-Lens Cleaner to improve the situation . Now to my horror , the problem got worse . Not only did my player not recognize the cleaner CD , now its rejecting most of my audio CDs . Probably the brushes in the cleaner CD spread out the existing dirt on the lens . Do n't think CDs with brushes are fancy anymore .
 A waste of money . My Panasonic DVD player could n't read it . I tried it several times w / no luck and improvement in my player .
 I have an insignia TV/DVD player , it is starting to get a lot of `` disk error '' messages , SO I purchased this ... it could n't even read THIS cleaning disk!Save your money
 After reading all the reviews on Amazon , I got tempted to give this a try for my DVD player to fix video , only to be dissapointed.This cleaner did not work on my DVD player which randomly decides to play a DVD or just spit it out . When the product arrived and I read the intructions and the kind of tests that this thing runs , it was obvious that the cleaner is only meant to improve the audio quality and has no tests for the video . This product is only good for CD players and not for DVD players . The item heading/description is misleading in that respect . If buying for a DVD video , you will just waste your money by purchasing this item .
 I bought this to clean my PS2 . It can not be read by every electronic I 've put it in ... The PS2 , dvd player , even my computer . It is not recognized as a disc at all . Do n't waste your money . This is very disappointing because some of the older Memorex cleaners worked just fine .
 The disk did not work on on a Mac Book Pro . Laptop still had problems reading CDs even after the cleaning process .
 I bought this product to clean the drive on my 2009 Mac Book Pro . It stuttered in the drive & kicked it out . I repeated the process several times with no luck . I also tried it in the Sony dvd player . I heard an audio set up - but no graphics appeared and was n't able to follow any of the instructions to go to various tracks as no tracks appeared . Back to the compressed air . Do n't waster your time or money on this product .
 This is a very expensive piece of cr * p that did n't work at all . I tried several times to make it work on my dvd player . I had to open my player and clean the lens by hand . I gave the `` OptDisc '' to a friend and he had the same response . It probably only works for big chunks , which I do n't get because I am a very careful dvd user .
 This stopped working after one use . It says on the package `` GOOD FOR 30 USES '' . It appears also to have made no difference in the cleaning . I would like my money back or a replacement sent at no charge.This was a total waste of money .
 I own two dvd/cd 's and this cleaner did not work on either one . It did not get past the `` disk loading '' stage so no menu ever appeared . Since the cost was so small I did not even consider sending it in for a refund , I just threw it away.I do not recommend this product to anyone as a cleaner.Memorex CD/DVD-Player Laser-Lens Cleaner
 Well , it was cheap so I gave it a try . Nothing . It seems to have worked for some people so good luck . It was a car CD player which someone else mentioned below it not working in ...
 i 've given it 2 stars instead of 0 because after i used this CD , the sound from my system did seem to be a little better -LRB- the CD 's were not skipping as much -RRB- . but the bottom line is it did n't fix the problem as the CDs are still skipping noticeably , although not as bad as before . ... not sure if this has anything to do with the fact that my set has a 6-disk CD changer .
 I bought this in the hope that it would cure a skipping , scratchy problem on my cd/dvd player . It did not . It does not mean the product did n't clean the lens , maybe it did . It just did not solve the problem .
 I 've not found anything from Memorex that works right , try Maxell products from Amazon , you ca n't find better products and the best customer service on the net .
 I ca n't beleieve I just spend $ 12.99 + Tax at Circuit City -LRB- in Long Beach , CA -RRB- for this worthless product ! I thought all CD/DVD Lens Cleaners were the same . I tried using this one on my computer 's DVD drive and it does not work ! They should put a warning on the packaging . Its bad ebough that it wo n't do the job I wanted it for but I spent three times the real price for it ! I just hope it works on my regular DVD player and my CD player so I wo n't have been completely ripped off . This will teach me to not impulse buy anything again .
 I thought , given the reviews , that this would solve my skipping problem , but it did not . If anything , the skipping got worse.Is there a product out there that helps with video skipping ?
 VERY disappointing - 5 pretty much useless tiny brushes . I have a 10 year Memorex that is 20 x &#8217; s better than this darn near useless piece o junk &#8211; get Memorex instead ! &#8230; and could the Woman &#8217; s voice be more annoying &#8230; I doubt it .
 my LG bluray dvd player ca n't read and play . tech support advised me to use a dvd cleaner . i did ... did n't work . i 'm very disappointed ! i need a refund . how ?
 I purchased this DVD lens cleaner with high hopes , however did not even get to use it . After many attempts and getting `` can not read disc '' error , I finally had to give up . Good news is that it was not that expensive , but not worth paying to ship back . Will just have to go to a store and purchase a better brand ...
 I just bought this yesterday because my DVD recorder is getting a little fuzzy when I record shows off of my TV . I thought maybe I need to clean it & see if that helps . Well , no help with this product as it does n't work for my player/recorder . I kept getting a message saying `` Read disc error '' . What a waste !
 Even though I 'd heard it does n't always work I bought it anyway . My DVD player would n't read the disk ... figures . : -LRB-
 Yeah , this product was no help . Apparently not compatible with my Roth alfie system . Did I miss part of the product description where it describes which systems are compatible ? And ... I almost hurt myself trying to open the clamshell packaging . Come on Memorex . Get with the green trend ! You 're killing us with all that plastic !
 My Samsung DVD player would not recognize the disk . Upon insertion , it took a long time for the player to simply say , `` No Disc '' . My player has no problem recognizing any other disc I put in there .
 This supposedly cleans the DVD player so that all your DVD will play flawlessly ... when I put it in the player the window read `` Disk is damaged or dirty '' . This is what is was suppose to fix ...
 Money not well spent . Bought to clean lens on Samsung DVD player and just showed pic , no audio . Did n't clean lens . Went to Best Buy and bought Maxell Thunderon Brush System and it worked like a charm .
 I tried this on two different cd player drives and a dvd player drive.It did nothing to improve any of them . The dvd drive was working before using the cleaning disk , but did n't work after using it.I thought before this that Memorex made a good product . I was wrong about this one.Buyer Beware !
 would not spin in my son 's sony crx140e cd burner -- when i checked it out the paper label on the top center had bubbled and would not turn in cd player ?????????????????????????
 So I bought this expecting a type of disc with a cleaning surface on the bottom , cloth of whatever they use . I open this and I 'm curious to why I paid 20x for a normal cd which I have ton 's of right next to me , and this one is n't blank . It 's just your normal plastic disc , unless they use micro organisms to squeegee the laser I 'm not seeing this products purpose . Anyway , you live and you learn and this is the 3rd crappy memorex item I 've bought . So Memorex you 're ______ in ' out !
 It 's hard to rate this as it would n't work on my DVD Player or my daughters . So , I bought a new DVD player .
 Do n't buy this item if you are looking to clean a DVD or CD drive on your computer . There is nothing stated in Memorex 's advertisement that states it is for stand alone DVDs or CD players . Total waste of money for me . Shame . . Shame Memorex !!!!!
 Our main DVD/CD player stopped recognizing DVDs abruptly , but CDs continue to play fine . The Memorex device is a simply CD with 5 tiny brushes to clean the lens - that 's it - plus audio features to align speakers and so on . the funky DVD player did NOT recognize the Memorex product , so we could n't cycle through the audio instuctions and features . DVD performance continued to fail also . No benefit . I tried it in a working DVD player and this also did not recognize it . If this is the basic design of similar micro soft brush devices , this one ought to work as well as any .
 I wish I had known this was NOT for car players before I bought it because I purchased it to clean my truck C.D.Player . I read all the instructions and the very last thing it said was `` Not for Car Players '' Now why is n't that information included to begin with on this website ? Also , it 's made in China . I hate Made in China stuff !!
 Get an air jet . It will do more . This waste of time and money would be better spent throwing candy to children
 As far as cleaning , I was n't impressed and that 's what I really bought this item for . The portion dedicated to proper set up of your sound system is pretty good . If you have a CD / DVD player that does n't get much use and you just want something to run through every now and then , this may work fine , for my truck 's CD player , it 's not cutting it .
 DVD player stopped reading disks . Tech support suggested cleaning lens . Tried Memorex but it could not read the disk either . Either DVD player is shot or cleaner does not work .
 This was inexpensive , arrived quickly and did not work in any dvd/cd player I own . Beware if it seems too good to be true it is .
 It did not correct the problem . DVDs skipped no matter how many times I cleaned , finally just bought a new DVD player
 I ca n't get this cleaning disk to work on any of my CD or DVDs .
 this product ruined my expensive onkyo 6 disc cd changer , i put the product in the changer and took it out when it was done , and my cd player failed to register any cds or hope them in the splindle which cam ajar , due to the cd cleaning process of this product . i bought this through amazon , they need to make ammends and replace my cd player . . me , my husband and children have been loyal customers and we love doing buisiness with amazon . i purchased this product for my husband for christmas .
 I hoped this product would get my car CD player working again . I ran it through several times but the dang thing still wo n't work .
 This does not work on ANY of my cd/dvd players . None of them recognize it and will not play it . Did n't loose much though . Can anyone suggest a better one ?
 Tried this disk on 5 different CD/DVD drives and it only worked on three . Four drives were on computers and one drive was on a surround sound system . All drives work with CD and DVDs . Two of the drives could not find any files and subsequently would not proceed to clean the drives . I can not recommend this product .
 Our DVD player just stopped in the middle of a disk one day , and suddenly could not detect the disk -- or any disk , for that matter . Thought we 'd give $ 10 a try before shelling out for a new player . Sadly , our player would n't recognize this disk either , making its cool audio and cleaning features impossible to assess on the current machine.Sounds like it 's good if you 're experiencing skipping , but if you 're player is telling you `` Please insert disk '' when you already have , this is not the solution for you . I have to concur with the other reviewer here who came to the same conclusion , wish I would have read that before buying this cleaner.We plan to keep this cleaner , and perform some regular `` maintenance '' with our new player to avoid , or at least prolong , this bitter end .
 So my dad 's dvd home theater system would take a long time to load the movies , it would just say `` reading '' and then it would try to play the disc -LRB- by going through each chapter and not playing -RRB- and then stop . On the few occasions it would play , the movie would start freezing and then skipping to later scenes . There were no smudges , scratches , etc to the discs which worked well in other devices so I knew it was the player . Going online almost everyone said that it was due to a dirty laser which could be cleaned by products such as this one . So I ordered it , played it , followed the instructions word for word , put in my disc and now it wo n't even recognize the disc . It does n't even say `` reading '' anymore , nothing happens . So I 'm pretty sure the disc actually made things worse and instead of wasting any more time or money on cheap garbage like this , I 'm going to go buy a new A/V receiver and junk the Dvd player/receiver that this disc dealt a final blow to .
 I am sorry to say that I am highly disapointed in this product . I have only had my DVD player for about 6 months . Just wanted to keep it going so I decided to purchase The Memorex CD/DVD Laser Lens Cleaner . After the first cleaning that seemed to go fine . I popped in a DVD I got for my birthday and it read bad disc . I tried another , then another , etc. they all read bad disc . So I attempted the laser lens cleaner again and guess what ... BAD DISC . I truely do n't know why but as you can imagine I 'm very unhappy .
 i was tired of paying so much for these cleaner products and just happened to be in walmart cruising the isles . . when i saw these ... and they were a product i normally trust ... memorexnow , unless these two i bought at the same time were both lemons ... do n't waste your moneyneither of them worked . . nothingin fact when they finished loading . . my dvd recorder told me to take them out . . loli would have given them no stars ... but you ca n't do that here
 I have a Toshiba SD-1800 DVD player , and at first it was able to play the first and second track of the Memorex disk , but then it stopped functioning and my player wo n't read it anymore . I tried to select track 13 , which is supposed to be the cleaning track , but it does n't appear to have done anything , since my player still freezes intermittently whenever it plays disks .
 The device only worked in some of my CD drives ... but not the one I bought it for which is the primary one we use for the kids DVDs . So still have a problem playing DVD 's
 I have a Panasonic 5-Disc DVD/CD player and it does n't work as described . Very disappointed .
 This Laser-Lens cleaner works fairly well , depending on your DVD player . It helped resolve some issues I was having with my speaker system set-up . However , I bought a new Toshiba HD-DVD player about a week after getting the cleaner , and it will not operate at all on the new equipment . Guess I 'll try it on my computer DVD to see if it works . If not , I 'm returning it .
 I purchased this item based on the reviews ... I Was wrong . I purchased a cheaper version for $ 1.00 at the dollar store & that cheap piece of crap is better than this expensive piece of crap ! The cleaning instructions are long & if the lens is too dirty to read the disk you are out of luck . The instructions on the label say to listen to the disk ... LOL ! My PC 's CD/DVD RW drive that detects everything including dirty disks -LRB- even when it wont play them -RRB- could n't even recognize this Memorex cleaner . Memorex YOU HAVE FAILED ! I decided to go back to the Dollar store & buy another cheap-o lens cleaner & it did the trick . In all fairness , once I used the Dollar store crap-o lens cleaner on my cd player to clean the optics enough to read the Memorex disk , I was impressed with the added features to adjust speaker phase , balance , and scale the listening experience for both 2 Channel & Dolby listening setups . However , the main reason for a LENS CLEANER is to clean the lens & since this failed my overall rating is a single star for the features NOT the cleaning abilities of this product . Chek your local dollar store for a cheaper , easier to use , better cleaner with better instructions . If you want the ability to scale your listening experience you might consider this product ... just make sure you clean your lens before you use this Memorex Optidisc product .
 this product will not work on either of my panasonic dvd players . i took it to work to ask a friend to take it home and try it but he suggested we try it in the player at work -LRB- a sony -RRB- . it worked there , so i tried it again at home with no luck , but it did work on my toshiba dvd player . my friend bought a different unit at big lots , so i guess i 'll try a different one and see if it works .
 I bought this product for the purpose of cleaning the optical lens on my Samsung DVD player . When I put it in and closed the compartment , the machine rejected it completely . It said it could n't read the disk . Thus , it did n't do what it was advertised to do . It was n't expensive -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- , but I have the same need to clean the optical lens of the DVD player I had before only now I 've lost time and a small amount of money . If this product works for you , then I think that 's great . And it might do that on newer models . I do n't know . It did not work on my Samsung DVD player , which is about 4 years old .
 I bought this so-called lens cleaner twice from different sellers and neither time could I get any of my DVD or CD players to read the disc . I thought the first copy might have been a dud -LRB- it was an open box -RRB- so I bought another one . Boy am I stupid ! My Panasonic DVD player wo n't read it , my Toshiba DVD player wo n't read it , my Philips CD player wo n't read it . I do n't understand how a company can sell a product that simply wo n't work in who knows how many different brands of players!Don ' t waste your time and money !
 I purchased this laser cleaner as I have 5 cd/dvd recorders and do a cleaning about every month . It worked fine with all the players except the Panasonic recorder . It would n't recognize it so could n't use it ... what 's up with that ?
 Out of three DVD players this disc would not load , with various error messages for each dvd player . On cd player , disc would not eject requiring me to disassemble unit to remove dvd cleaner . So not good luck for me
 I looked on Amazon to see which DVD cleaner was the `` best '' , and this one was rated highly . So I invested the $ 9 on this item and took it home . Easy enough to use , just open it and play it in your DVD player . Unfortunately , it did n't fix my problem . I was having disk read errors and lots of skipping while playing movies , and afterward I was able to load a disc it was having trouble reading , once , and then it would freeze again . Another disc that loaded to the menu and then froze immediately upon playing the movie , and after that it was consistently giving me a `` no disc '' message . Ultimately I have to give this product a big Thumbs-down .
 I tried this on my dvd player and it initally stopped the freezing and skipping of a disc , -LRB- which had played fine on 2 other players -RRB- . Then I ejected the disc , re-inserted it and tried it again , and the problem returned . Nothing ventured , nothing gained for $ 10 . I proceeded to ditch the old player and purchase a blu-ray player .
 I have a two-year old Sony combination -LRB- DVD & VHS -RRB- player that is starting to skip . I purchased this Memorex cleaner disk but my Sony just responded with `` error '' messages . As an aside , the packaging is about as onerous as any packaging that I 've ever seen . This packaging absolutely prevents the disk being returned in re-saleable condition .
 I hate the idea of replacing my DVD player every couple years , but that 's how long they seem to last these days . So despite the numerous negative reviews here , I decided to gamble and see whether this would work on my 2-year-old Toshiba XD E-500 . The player did n't seem to accept the disc , other discs still wo n't play , and now I 'm shopping for yet another DVD player .
 My DVD Player stopped reading about half of my discs . So I bought this thing to try and fix that problem . But guess what ? My DVD Player would n't read this disc either . So I sat there like an idiot for 30 minutes ejecting and inserting but no luck . And the best part of it all is my DVD Player is also a memorex . Obviously it 's not worth returning it for only 6 dollars .
 I bought this because several of my DVD players were starting to take a noticeably longer time to load any DVD 's which I inserted , and in the case of scratched up rentals struggled to play them in certain sections while my newer players could.I have a total of 7 DVD players in my home , counting those in my computers and gaming systems , and this product did not work in 4 of the 7 ! 4 of the 7 players just could n't read the disc at all.Considering they all read every DVD , albeit slowly at times , I have to blame it on this product.I ordered a different brand , theDVD Dr. Optical Lens Cleanerand it worked perfectly on every single dvd player I own.My recommendation to anyone looking at this product is to pass and order a different brand . I rate this one 2 out of 5 stars ; I 'd reserve one start for one that did n't work at all on any of my players .
 I tried to clean my Sony DVD Player / Recorder , no luck . The prompt
 Argh ! It does n't work with my Pioneer DVD player . I was fooled by the high ratings , until I looked at the 1-star ratings after my DVD player kept rejecting the disc . :-LRB- The DVD player just keeps spitting the disc back out after a few seconds . I wish the item was more clear about exactly * which * players will work with this item .
 This product was totally useless . It would not work in the dvd player . I made over 20 attempts to clean the machine by inserting disk an dpressing play and eject and play . I repeatedly got this error message
 My Panasonic DVD Player/Recorder does not recognize this as a valid DVD and wo n't let it spin for more than a second . None of the ` features ' will work . I 'm taking it back .
 Never worked . Have tried on several computers , and none will recognize it as a CD . Buy another brand , do n't waste your time or money .
 I bought this to clean the laser on my MacBook Pro , which had been struggling to read certain discs . The laptop could n't mount this disc and just spits it out . I tried it in two other devices , a desktop computer and a Sony DVD player , and it was rejected by both of them too .
 I trust Memorex , so I bought this to use in my DVD player , which is a pretty expensive Panasonic model . I put the disk in but the DVD player could n't read it . I got `` unreadable '' disk errors . Just to test it , I put it in my CD player . The CD player could read the disc . I let it run through one test , but it gave me some pretty lousy results - the program incorrectly identified which speakers were front , center , rear -- indicating that I had my system mis-configured , which I did not . I put the disk back in the DVD player to try again . Still unreadable.I returned it and am looking for a better quality DVD lens cleaner .
 I tried this product on two DVD players . It seemed like it was working from the audio portion of the program . I was unable to get the associated video portion to work on screen . It was unable to clean the DVD players for them to work .
 The cleaner disk arrived in good condition , but it did absolutely nothing after being inserted into my DVD player . I gave its service the benefit of doubt because my DVD-player is about 6-years old . I 'm not sure , therefore , whether the problem was really a defective disk or a too-old DVD-player .
 This disk does not clean DVD players , only CD players or possibly a home unit combo CD/DVD drive -LRB- not a computer drive -RRB- . The package clearly states `` Laser lens Cleaner for CD and DVD Players '' . Insult to injury
 I would have ranked this product with zero stars if that had been possible.If you are thinking of buying this product to clean the CD/DVD drive on a computer , do not buy this product.Although the packaging says that the product can be used on a computer , it cannot.Memorex `` customer service '' began by stating that the product was for a CD/DVD player only . When I pointed out that the item was labeled for computer CD/DVD drives , they said the disk must be defective and offered to send a replacement . The replacement disk was a completely different item and of course , was not labeled for computer drive use.Do yourself a favor -- take your business to a reputable company and give Memorex a pass .
 This product would n't read in my DVD player so I dropped it in the waste basket . It was n't worth the effort to return it .
 The instructions say to put it in your player and press play . When I put it in my player , the player spins and spins for a while and then says the disc is not readable . Maybe just by spinning it did some cleaning -LRB- I ca n't tell -RRB- , but whatever other functionality it is supposed to have , it does n't have .
 I Order this on May 13 , 2012 , and received it at home on May 22 . I placed it in my Zenith ZRY-316 DVD VCR standalone Combo Recorder . But after a Few secs , it just stated `` Error Unkonwn Disc '' and ejects the disc.I tried it about 3 times again and it keep saying the Same thing.I followed the Instructions which states after inserting to Follow the Audio Instructions but it does Not even reach this Far . the DVD says reading and after a few secs '' `` Error Unkonwn Disc `` I read Other Comment of similar Problems -LRB- particularly with DVDs and PCs -RRB- I should have followed the `` Does Not work '' reviews.Maybe this is Good for Audio CD players -LRB- since it has a Follow Audio Instructions an a whole bunch of Info about optimizing the sound stereo system -RRB- but it definitely does not work for me . -LRB- not for standalone DVD recorders -RRB- So I would call this off as a Loss -LRB- Does Not make any sense returning it since the Postage from my country would come up to more than the cost of this item itself.Because of my Experience I would NOT recommend this product .
 When i try to play a CD , my '97 Acura is rejecting CD 's and responding with a code that says `` PEO '' 95 % of the time , or more . I do n't know if that means a dirty lens or not , but i figured this was worth a try . After dozens of attempts , i got the cleaner to work two or three times , but there was no change in the playability of the unit , so i returned the product.Since then i have bought a disk that says it is especially for cleaning automotive CD players . i thought heat perhaps is more of an issue with car CD players , so i got one , and i have had no more luck with it than i did with the Memorex . Usually the player will reject the disk , but i did get the cleaning cycle to run a half dozen times . However , there is no change in playback - usually a CD is rejected . So i wonder if the lens problem -LRB- if that 's what it is -RRB- is actually an alignment problem , or perhaps a cleaning problem that is too far along for a disk cleaning system to work.The dealership wants $ 475 to pull the CD player and fix it . These disks are DEFINITELY the thing to try before turning to options like THAT ! Good luck !
 I tried this memorex DVD , LENS CLEANER ON BOTH MY DVD PLAYER AND STEREO CD PLAYER ... THERE WAS A SMALL IMPROVEMENT OF THE SOUND FROM MY CDS AND THERE WAS NO SKIPPING ... I TRIED THE CLEANING PROCESS ON MY DVD PLAYER AND THE OUTCOME WAS WORSE , THAN THEN IT WAS , BEFORE I CLEANED IT.I HAD TO REPLACE THE PLAYER .
 I would expected better from Samsonite . I have had this model for only five months and the wheels are almost bald and on top of that they make a terrible noise . It sounds as if I put a piece of plastic in a bicycle tire 's spokes while its spinning . I would suggest you get a bag with real inline skating wheels and trash the soft wheel bags .
 I strongly agree with Becca B on the wheels . The bag itself is indestructable but the wheels are pathetic . They seem to last about 6 months for me . I have had the wheels replaced by a Samsonite repair center three times at my expense - the last time I asked them to use harder rollerblade wheels . I 'm not sure what they used but they did n't last any longer . That repair center is no longer available and not the closest one is over 350 miles away . The wheels on my garment bag are wearing like iron so i just do n't get it . Do not buy this bag if you plan to roll it much .
 I bought this bag this year last April 2012 . The main reason I purchased it was because I had an older Mobile office bag from Samsonite which looked almost identical to the new bag . The quality of the old bag was superb with basically weekly use for years and the only reason I decided to purchase a new bag was that the wheels were beginning to sqeak a bit . Well , the new bag arrived promptly from Amazon and it looked great , I was happy but as it turned out that did n't last long . The first thing to break was the handle , within a few weeks it would no longer lock except when fully extended or all the way closed . Next , the wheels began to clog with all sorts of stuff including hair , the wheels are like long hair magnets and for some reason it gets caught up in the hub . Ca n't tell you how many times I cut away hair with a razor , but wait , there 's more . Next the wheels started to disintegrate , I kid you not , they are falling apart today . The bottom of the bag , in the center back portion has also rubbed the ground to the point that it is falling apart , basically you can not put much weight in it either . All in all , I would not purchase this bag again under any circumstances and I am considering contacting Amazon 's customer service to see if there 's anything I can do here . The bag is dead in only 6 months . As a recommendation , I would consider other products with good reviews first .
 This was my 4th Samsonite Business One Mobile Office , having worn out the last 3 over the years due to world travel . I expected the same quality on this one as well but was quickly disappointed . The plastic zippers started to fail almost immediately as did some of the stitching . It 's as though their manufacturer finally figured out just how cheap they can make them . Would have returned it but I had to hit the road as soon as it arrived . Now after a few months I 'm looking at replacing it with another brand.I really hate to write a bad review of this bag as I always loved it , but it appears that Samsonite 's QC has taken a turn for the worse on this product . Very sad that I can no longer recommend this bag to anyone .
 First , the space allocated for the personal travel items is very small and not compartmentalised . There are no zippered pouches to hold toiletries or small items . Second , the quality and the workmanship is pretty bad inside the bag . This buyer is dissapointed .
 I bought this player 10 months ago . The radio still works , but the cd player quit after only one month of light use .
 I 've had this a few weeks now . CD play function stopped after a few days . Radio volume , even when set to max , is barely audible . Changing batteries did n't help . A waste of money .
 I thought that my order will come in good function , but it is a malfunctioned machine with only radio working . I intent to purchase this stuff as a gift to a close friend for Christmas to enrich her life through CD music , but it simply does n't move at all . I am so frustrated with this embarrassment and all the procedure to handle this bad merchandise.I probably wo n't visit Amazon for a long time .
 Mine is six months old now and only played once or twice a week . The top broke off the cd player last night . The display is not lit up at all . The sound is okay for the price but it has stopped playing cd 's about half way through their play . I was here looking for a new one when I saw this and thought I should review it .
 This item is the worst of the worst.At roughly $ 29.00 I did n't expect much , just something that would play cd 's and the radio , I did n't even expect it to have good reception , just halfway decent would have been great . What I received was a cute looking portable player but I ca n't with all honestly call is a `` CD-R/RW Player with AM/FM Stero Radio '' . Yes , it did have a button for AM and one for FM and it seemed to have a place to put a CD and yes , it did have an antenna and I did see a volume control button . But , the `` item '' does not play music , does not turn on , does not have ANY sound coming out of it whatsoever . Item arrived brand new in a factory sealed box packed very carefully by Amazon as usual - what they forgot to put in this unit was all the working parts . Those Emerson guys can be real tricky .
 It 's cute , but crappy . Even when it worked , the interface was confusing and it had no volume . With good care and limited use , it lasted less than two years . It died on me yesterday - the buttons stopped working entirely . I recommend that this model be avoided .
 We bought this for our son as an 8th Grade graduation gift . The CD player quite working after only a couple of months of light use . The 90 day warranty was of no use at all . I would not recommend this product .
 Buying this was a waste of money . It wo n't play any tapes or CD 's that have been copied or burned even though it is advertised to do so . It hangs up when you play tapes -LRB- has eaten two new tapes already -RRB- and also hangs up when playing cd 's . I have n't tried the radio but I am definitely throwing this junk in the garbage . It is not worth the time and effort -LRB- and postage -RRB- to return it .
 Even though it 's cheap , do n't buy it . It 's junk . The cd player stopped working after 2 months .
 Getting a lot of static interference if I leave it on the CD setting for too long . The problem can be solved by grounding the metal connectors on the volume dial -LRB- need to open it up -RRB- . This should n't happen with a company like Emerson . Piece of Chinese junk !
 Cd player didnt work . Havent received return label yet and the last day to return item is the 20th . Sent emails company said they sent one but i havent receivef it and i emailed them several timedNo reply to my email .
 It has decent sound quality and the radio stations plays without a hitch but after a few months the CD player just would n't work . It 's advisable to save your money and buy a better quality CD player than the Emerson Portable CD Player . If you 're looking for a cheap quality CD player then Emerson is for you but if you want a long lasting , durable , all-purpose CD Player which puts out high quality sound look around Amazon.com for a better quality product because this CD Player is n't it .
 There are no words to express how much this product sucks . It sucks so bad ! There really are no other words . Do n't do it !!
 The product review does n't mention that my player would come absent a cord to plug it into the wall . A space for a jack exists without precise info as to which jack to buy . Otherwise pre-order batteries , which I did not do .
 I bought this item intentionally as a `` cheap '' CD player for my daughter 's toddler music . Well this is an instance where you truly get what you pay for . I do n't recommend this product , unless you are looking for a disposable CD player . After 4 months I finally have to throw it away . I currently have drink coasters holding the lid down . Mind you , the two year old never touches it . All the internal plastic bits are falling off left and right ... This really is garbage and I 'm alarmed and how poor the quality is . I was n't expecting trash , but that 's what this is . Spend a few more dollars and perhaps you can spare yourself this disaster !
 I bought mine at Wal-Mart for $ 20 , followed the instructions with two scratched DVD 's from the library -LRB- one badly scratched , the other still playable -RRB- - and saw almost no change in the scratches or playability . It 's going back in the morning.This model relies on an aluminum oxide paste -LRB- superfine liquid sandpaper -RRB- to sand off the scratches . I think I 'll see better performance from one of the products that actually fills in the scratches rather than sanding down the rest of the disc.For cleaning , just get one of the inexpensive manual cleaners with the little bottle of denatured alcohol - they work just fine .
 This is a so-so cleaner.As for repairing scratched CDs or DVDs , do n't waste your money.I tried it on 5 different disks with varying levels of scratches.This thing did n't repair any of them .
 I tried this unit on about a dozen mildly scratched DVDs that have not been playing reliably . After repair attempts , not even one of the disks ' performance improved . I attempted a single repair , and multiple repairs - made no difference . The instructions had been followed to the letter , and the cleaning/repair disks were kept clean at all times . Complete waste of money .
 Tried the cleaning for a one month period and none of my CD 's or DVD 's came any cleaner . I would not recommend this product .
 The only reason I give this one star-that is the lowest rating I can give and it does clean ... if it were not for that , I would have to give it minus five rocks -LRB- I wish amazon would update the rating system -RRB- . I bought this item several years ago , but just now really started to use it as I am ripping my entire disc collection -LRB- about 2000 -RRB- to my laptop . My discs are fairly clean-most of them-since I keep them in sleeves in a carrying case . Of course there are those that I play more often and have more wear and tear on them.After the cleaning pads started to look dingy-as they should-I did some research about acquiring refill kits ... I also found out the the pads are only good for 20-25 cleaning cycles ??? -LRB- of course you know that was after I cleaned about 300 already -RRB- ... so , after doing the math , that would be about 80 kits ... I do n't think so . Then I thought I was smart and replaced the wet cleaning pad with one of the repair disks ... yep , and sure enough , I had the swirling pattern the other reviewers talked about . I did go back and check my discs and found this was only the case with those discs I cleaned after I used one of the repair discs . The others are fine ... and no , you can not buff the swirls out by hand . It seems as not too much damage was done as my laptop is still able to rip and play the discs ... but that is not the point is it?So I cancelled the order for the four refill kits-I would only be using the cleaning pads ... also , I have plenty of cleaning fluid left because in order to use all the fluid up in the 20-25 cleaning cycles the pads are good for , you would have to pretty much drench each disc ... then , after the cleaning cycle , you still have to make sure the disc is dry as you can not let it airdry in accordance with the product directions-which you will have to do by hand with a soft cloth.I also have to clean more than I have to repair.This is another perfect example where separate replacement items would be good for the consumer -LRB- a kit with just cleaning pads , cleaning fluid , repair pads , repair fluid ... you get my point -RRB- , but the kit is so much better for the manufacturer.So then , I am doing some more research and have my eyes on a cleaner that will do 150 cleaning and 40 repair cycles-out of the box . The refill kit will clean 50 discs at about the same cost as the Optifix kit -LRB- actually cheaper
 I purchased this product about 2 years ago . I needed to clean off a few CD 's , and , like many of the reviewers here , I assumed that the most expensive cleaner would be the best . I figured that the electronic cleaning system would be more thorough than the hand-operated ones the other products used . I remember that my CD 's had markings all over them after I cleaned them . I figured that was normal , and their readability did n't seem to be compromised , later . -LRB- I ca n't be sure that this would be the case , though , if I had tried to repair a damaged disc . -RRB- I then packed it up until tonight and tried to use it to clean a DVD , and when I hit the `` Clean '' button , the red light just flashed once and nothing happened.I ca n't believe that I spent so much money on this thing and only got maybe 2 or 3 uses out of it a year ago and it 's now broken . I 'm also annoyed that I just noticed the odd lead warning on the AC adapter cord . I ca n't believe any product with an adapter that has been made within the last 20 years would require this warning . I 'm now going to have to purchase a new disc cleaner , and I really ca n't afford to at this time in my life . To say the least , I 'm displeased .
 This thing is completely worthless . Tried it on a few discs , and it did n't make a bit of difference . The cleaning also did n't do anything , I still had to clean by hand after running it through the cleaning cycle . If I could have given it 0 stars I would have !
 Does nothing . leaves smudges to be removed with a cloth on cleaning . so it does n't remove scratches and it does a half asked cleaning job . This thing makes a tee shirt and tooth paste look like break through technology .
 Normally I check reviews before buying any electronic . But we are going on the road tomorrow and I wanted to fix the kids DVDs before then . I go to Target and get this for $ 20 . Absolute waste of money ! The DVDs have gone from playing but pausing/freezing from scratches , to not playing at all . Since I foolishly trusted this product to be worthwhile , three DVDs are toast now , thanks Memorex!You can bet two things : A. I 'm not buying any electronic without looking it up first.B . Memorex is going to get a steady stream of complaints.Don ' t waste your money , this thing is useless .
 Can only rate this as one star ... This unit leaves small semi circle scrathes on my dvd 's and cd 's . I am trying to experiment with it cause there is not much out there . But looks like it will go back to where it came from.I have owned a discwasher cdstealth cleaner for years . Nobody sells replacement pads for it , otherwise I would still be using it ... Even though it was a pain to operate.The Memorex unit would be the ultimate system . However there is no sense speaking of its ease of use if it damages your collection . SHAME on Memorex .
 I must agree with the other shopper who found this unit damaging his discs . In cleaning mode , the Optifix Pro leaves a hazy film on the disc , with radial swirl patterns , that I have not been able to remove . An effective cleaner should leave a disc shiny and bright , free of haze . According to Memorex , this haze is caused by the pads and solution and can be wiped off -- but I was n't able to wipe it off . I would have to call this product UNACCEPTABLE , and I am returning it for a refund . I guess I 'll have to pick up one of the Maxell cleaners ; they 're poorly made of cheap plastic , but at least they clean a disc effectively and feature reusable pads ...
 The manual CD repair products do a far better job than this one . In fact , I could n't see that it did anything at all . It does a fair job with mere cleaning , but who needs to spend this kind of money to clean discs when you can clean them for free with water and a soft cloth ?
 I have to admit the biggest complaint I have about this product it the misleading advertising . It claims it can resurface discs and polish them , this is n't entirely the case . If your CD has any significant scratches this device will not work effectively . However if your discs just need cleaning and very minor scratch repair it may be able to help you . What it actually does is apply Aluminum Oxide if a circular buffing motion to improve readability along with very minor removal of the surface if the disc -LRB- to even things out -RRB- . So instead of truly removing the scratch , it fills it in . If you 're looking at repairing scratched CDs , go with the Aleratec DVD/CD Disc Repair Plus . If you just need to polish and clean your CDs , then buy this.Pros : Decent priceVery simple to operateClear and simple instructionsCons : Does n't repair most scratchesReplacement pads and solution are not the easiest thing to findAdditional comments : It appears this unit has `` damaged '' some other users ' CDs by making swirl patterns on the disc surface . This appearance is normal and is a result of the way the buffing pads rotate .
 When I paid somewhere between $ 20 - $ 30 a couple of months ago for the OptiFix Pro Kit , I made the wrongful assumption that a high price tag would entail good craftsmanship in contrast with some of the cheaper radial cleaners I 've owned before . The package 's description made it seem promising enough and I 've had mostly good experiences with Memorex in the past , so I just had put it to the test immediately after taking the product home . After reading the instruction guide carefully before use , I 'm positive the product was being used properly , but unfortunately , the OptiFix Pro just could n't deliver the goods . In fact , not only could it do nothing to restore any of the discs I inserted , it worsened the scratches it was supposed to repair ! What 's more frustrating - two of the discs it served to further damage are out of print and therefore irreplacable . I hope fellow CD collectors will sympathize and steer clear of this particular Memorex product .
 Did nothing to repair my nonworking disc ! No less scratches , no nothing ! In fact , it seemed to made it worse ...
 Not only did the repair process not repair a DVD with very light scratches , but it cut in new little circles . I followed the directions and now I have to replace my DVD ! I 'm returning this if the store will take it back .
 After getting tired of having to Hold the other CD Doctor type products out there , I decided to try this one as you can put the CD in and wait . Well I brought it home and opened the box , and low and behold the repair solution bottle was already open . Went back out and bought another bottle and tried this out . After it was done `` repairing '' the disc , I pulled it out and looked at it , and saw absolutely no difference in hwo the CD looked before I put it in . With the other skip doctor , you can see that it 's made a difference . Figured thats how it worked and tried it out . It changed nothing in my CD . Same skips at the same places . Tried it a few more times with other scratched up CDs , and nothing . I felt scammed on this one , as it did n't do a thing to my cds . I will go back to the other CD doctors , as I never had an issue with them . I suggest you stay away from this one , unless you have money to blow and want to try something different .
 I bought this product for $ 20 . Tried to repair a couple of CD 's with it , but this device created more circular scratches on the disc.Please dont ever buy this item .
 I only give this one star because there is nothing lower . This did nothing but put a dent in my wallet . Does not work AT ALL !
 I was forced to put a one star rating , in actuality , there should n't be any !!! For those of you new to these types of products , you might be very curious about using this cheap product . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!It simply does n't work . I know I 've done better by using a good toothpaste and your thumb -LRB- check out youtube -RRB- . Its just my hands got tired and I wanted something a little more mechanical.This product does not work , just walk by it at the store and do n't even look at it . I bought mine yesterday , its going back to Wally 's today .
 I 've tried this on at least 20 CD/DVDs just to see if it actually repaired them . It does n't . In fact , it added scratches to a perfectly good blank CD that I used as an experiment.If you have a damaged disc , buy another disc . Do n't waste your money on this `` repair kit . ''
 After a long time of looking for a CD cleaner for my computer games , I bought this one because of the price - before looking at the Amazon reviews . Big mistake . I must agree with the many others who gave this product one star
 Okay . I read all the reviews on the Memorex Optifix Pro and thoughtthat perhaps all of the people that experienced problems weredoing something wrong . SO , when I stumbled upon it at my local Wal-Mart , i bought it for $ 18 . I can seriously say that it is made pretty shabbily.The plastic body feels like an uber cheap cd player . I followed thedirections precisely and tried to `` repair '' three cds . The onlyresult this unit yields is a clean cd . NO scratches were `` repaired '' . This unit is a good concept executed poorly . This unit 100 % does NOTresurface cds . -LRB- i tried to resurface a cd with 3 medium scratches . after6-7 `` repair '' cycles the only difference was the cd looks cleaner . allthe scratches -LRB- although not too deep -RRB- were still there . I am takingit back to wal-mart because i have ordered the aleretec as some reviewershave reccomended . this product is cheap , but even at that price it is ineffective for repair . It is an excellent unit for cleaning . -LRB- although the `` cleaning soloution '' is merely alcohol mixed w/water . -RRB- the repair solvent has no grit to it , so i was tempted to put toothpaste on the repair wheel and see if that would actually resurface my disc , but i did n't want to destroy my cdon a whim and lose my ability toreturn this for not working as it claims . i would not reccomend this product for anyone . i am sure there are several products out therethat actually do something to the disc layers . I did notice thatother reviewers complained about swirl marks on the disc . i did getthat slightly , but that is common with most resurfacers i have used.the aleratec supposedly does n't do that , so we will see .
 Unable to repair the simplest scratch for repair . Bad cleaning job . Repaired nothing . Avoid this .
 It kind of worked just not enough speed . Did not even touch med grade defect and left behind smaller one.Did do a ok job on cleaning off finger prints.You further ahead finding a commercial cleaner for your cleaning needs . . Or better yet a ounce of prevention sure beats the cure .
 This device is supposed to repair CDs and DVDs , but what it does is the opposite . In repair mode the unit did nothing to repair the scratches which caused skipping on one of my DVDs . In cleaning mode the unit ruined two of my DVDs
 Before the repair process there was one bad track on my CD . After the `` repair '' process the entire disk was unplayable . Took it back for a refund . With billions of CDs in the world , is this the best that the 21st century has to offer ?
 I got this as a gift . I already had a hand-cranked scratch remover that works great ! Except you have to turn it forever , and I was happy to get a motorized one.I put a minorly scratched CD in the machine . It 's noisy . And after a while of noise that annoyed everyone around me , I took the disc out ... and it was exactly like how I put it in there . It did n't do anything.The repair wheels and the cleaning wheels seem to be made of the same fabric , which is barely abrasive . They 're just different colors is all.For cleaning , it might do a different job , but why get a machine to do it when you can use a t-shirt like everyone else does ?
 This thing does nothing . It does not repair well nor clean well . Complete rip off of a product.UPDATE
 We Bought This Yesterday to repair a gamecube disk , that keeps stopping in the middle of the game with a disc error read , there are alot of scratches but we thought this would help-Wrong . I ran it through the repair process about 6 times , testing the game after each try , also tried the cleaning process . Well the end result is that is does not work . I wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing this item , -LRB- I actually went to purchase another brand , but this was all the store had -RRB- , We were desperate , so we tried . We will be returing this item today-I will try another brand , hopefully I get the game fixed , it is cheaper than buying a new game , Now if I can only find the right repair kit .
 I ordered the memorex optifix Motorized cd/dvd cleaner and scratch repair kit , when I recieved it it was just the cleaner and the kit , there was no power cord and no cleaning pads , and also no place to insert batteries as stated on the item all these things were missing.I tried to contact the seller more then once to resolve this issue and he has failed to respond . . so be careful when ordering from this seller and or ask about the product before purchasing and if the seller fails to respond prior to order advise not to order .
 I 've been looking for a CD/DVD repair kit for quite some time and stumbled upon this at Target . While it did n't fix all my discs , it did work with a few of them , mostly in the clean cycle . The device has a lot of working parts and its box is not at all easy to open and re-close again , so the hassle is very upsetting . It contains two clean disc pads and two repair disc pads that you have to change every time you use it . You put the discs onto three tabs , then twist them until it clicks and the tabs hold the discs in place . Kind of a lot of work , but not unacceptable . However after about a month of use -LRB- probably used it ten time -RRB- , the cheap plastic tabs that hold the discs in place broke off when I twisted the clean disc pads on , rendering the entire machine worthless . I 'm taking it to Target for a full refund . I ca n't believe that companies go to the hassle of designing devices like this with such cheap parts !!! Stupid , stupid , stupid !!! Last Memorex purchase from me , for sure !
 This thing is flat out garbage . Its loud , requires buying extra parts after cleaning 20 cds , and fixes them as well as spitting on them and wiping it off with a kleenex .
 I had a lot of used CDs I was selling for someone else and had to clean a lot of them , so I wanted something motorized . I was looking for Aleratech but Walmart had it online only , not in my store , so I bought this Optifix instead - MISTAKE .1 . -RRB- The pads very hard to lock in .2 . -RRB- The cleaning and/or `` repairing '' are no more effective than you could do with a soft cloth and a little Windex .3 . -RRB- It is annoyingly LOUD .4 . -RRB- It only rotates the disc in one direction - others I have seen reverse half way through the cycle .5 . -RRB- The Repair Solution smells like mildew - so you have to clean that off with Windex and a cloth anyway , or another change of pads and a cleaning cycle .6 . -RRB- I suspect this product is too cheap to have good manufacturing tolerances because the complaints range from no cleaning to swirl damage , which shows big variations in pad pressure between different units.Only good feature I can say is that it runs on an AC adapter rather than batteries.And to the clown that thinks all the bad reviews are from some conspiracy looking to give Memorex a bad name -- I want my $ 22 back .
 This product is garbage . I 've used disc resurfacers that cost less and worked much better . The memorex Opti-fix is worthless . It doesnt even touch the smallest of scratches . poor product ... very very poor . DO NOT BUY ONE OF THESE !!!
 This was a sale item , and as I had lots of DVDs to restore , I thought a motorized device would do the trick . I was wrong . The feel of this product is very cheap , and the size of it quite large for the measly bit of repair it does . Its larger than an early gen. cd player . Not really very important to its functionality , so lets move on.The cleaning heads are 2 rotating pieces of plastic with green and white cloth on top , on which you are to pour a drop of cleaning agent before beginning the cycle . you are provided with 2 extra cleaning heads and the cleaning fluid . The heads are placed inside , followed by the dvd or cd you want to clean , laying above them . The device is closed much like a cd player . Plug the device 's bulky power adapter in and press the button , and wait . Its agonizingly loud as it spins the cd and cleaning heads . After a minute or so , you check the disk out . Generally , it takes 3-4 spins before any improvement can really be noticed.I dont really see the advantage of this product over a mechanical cleaner . The motorized nature of this just makes it bulky and loud , but adds nothing to the cleaning ability of it . I would recommend just buying a less expensive repair device that you spin manually , or going for something more advanced that spins the disk faster or uses a better cleaning mechanism .
 I was really excited to get this product . I unpacked everything and noticed a label on the cord . Imagine my surprise when it said
 I purchased this unit to remove minor scratches for several DVDs that worked with minor skipping . After running 20 DVDs through the machine some as many as 10 to 15 times I have not seen any improvment in the DVDs athough 1 CD which just needed to be cleaned work after following the cleaning process , hence giving it 1 star
 got it at walmart ca n't even remove a scuff . i give it -100 good thing i could return it .
 I bought this today to see what i thought . But it did NOTHING to repair my nonworking disc ! It added scratches and hazes . In fact , id even worse harm to it ...
 There was found to put the comments , but I became more familiar with the product and now take the opportunity to comment , very weak , did not work as I expected , I did not like .
 I bought this a couple of years ago , and I 've tried to use it multiple times . It has yet to satisfactorily repair a disc without unreasonable time and effort . To really make any significant improvement on scratches that actually affect the function of a disc , it takes a dozen or more cycles . I 've done some as many as 40 cycles before giving up ! Yes , I followed the directions completely ! That means changing the pad in and out between repair and cleaning cycles . So you end up sitting there waiting for a 2 minute cycle to complete , then changing out the pads , waiting for the next cycle to complete , changing out the pads again , and on and on and on ... I have had more than one disc with only minor scratches on it , and it took an hour or more of constantly repeating the cycles before there was any visible difference in scratches or any restoration of function to the disc - and these were LIGHT scratches . The fact that it is motorized does NOT take the time or effort out of repairs nor does it speed them up ! One -LRB- or even a few -RRB- cycles of this thing is not going to do anything for your discs . They recommend buying replacement pads after 25-30 cycles , which in my experience is one disc repair . Replacement pads are about $ 10 . Do yourself a favor . Save your money.Instead , I highly recommend a set of `` Novus '' brand plastic polishes . There is one for heavy scratches , one for light scratches , and a cleaner . Buy a set of all three here on Amazon . With a little elbow grease , your discs will be working again in under 10 minutes . I just threw my Optifix in the trash , and I fix all my discs by hand now . It does take some hard work to rub in the polishes -LRB- I do n't claim it is effortless ! -RRB- , but even so it is far less frustrating that this useless machine , and you will have good results within a few minutes !
 So , I wanted a disc repairing item that was motorized for the easiest and most reliable scratch repair . This thing was a HORRIBLE idea . I have yet to get ONE dvd , game or even CD to act any different in loading or * not * skipping after literally DOZENS of runs threw this thing . On my Call Of Duty
 This product came with broken pieces , havent used it yet , do n't know if i should . i might make my disks worst . over all i guess u get what u pay for .
 Do not be tricked ! Even though the image and description is of a true SONY VAIO battery - an offbrand one arrives . The Brilliant Store -LRB- not really very Brilliant ! -RRB- blames the `` mistake '' on Amazon . The seller was clearly aware of their own deceptive practice and did not care .
 This cord should not be used for DSL . It says you can but my older cord had a stronger signal and transfer rate .
 This cord may work for many applications , but its conductors have an incredibly high resistance of 0.65 ohms per foot . That is about 15 times the resistance of high quality cords . I am sure it will fail in some uses and work poorly in others .
 cheap battery cells , but if you get it cheap , like $ 2-3 , worth it ; otherwise , its GE junk ! I doubt it is really 1300mAh . Probably more like 700mAh w / a short life .
 Even tho I checked the manufactures fit guide as Amazon suggests , this battery still didnt fit my phone . -LRB- Note
 Bought two of these but did n't fit my AT&T phone . The description on the product is misleading !
 I have had numberous back covers and most of them crack at the corners a few weeks after installation . This one is still perfect . I love the rubberized plastic feel , helps with it not sliding around on your hand.Update
 This iPad cover is very cheap.It may not seem like , but one drop and the edges of the cover break off and it does n't snap onto the iPad.I mean even if you accidentally dropped on CARPET !! Now I do n't use the cover anymore and it was such a waste of money.My iPad is better off without a back cover.Although this is the same exact color as the front smart cover , overall , 2STARS .
 This cover only lasted a couple of months and cracked at the sides . I emailed them and they told me I was outside the warranty window .
 These speakers are well suited for a second set somewhere that is not the primary entertainment focus in your household . While many reviews categorize these as awesome , unbeliveable , etc. , I found them far from high performance and miles away from any of the stellar reviews found here and elsewhere.Pros : Nice sizeEasy installationQuality designAttractiveBrackets includedReasonble size sub-woofer that is well poweredFlexible setup -LRB- based on your driver config -RRB- Cons : Performance is lackingSound resolution at various volumesDo not handle all types of music wellTo me , the cons heavily outweigh the pros in this case ; and , if I had the chance to audition them before buying , I would have bought another product.Overall I would say , if you want to use these for a small scale setup in a guest room , or spare AV setup that is for the kids , these are great . If you are any kind of even semi-serious audiophile , or a music fan that knows music and enjoys a wide variety of listening , keep shopping .
 It looks like there is some design issue with the camera 's playback as some other people have also reported the same problem . It records the images but it is very picky about playing it ! It happened to me a few times but at this point it simply refuses to play any recording and displays only blue screen as if the tape is empty . I will be returning it back to Amazon for a full refund . But whenever it decides to play , the picture quality is very good in sunlight or daytime but very bad at night even in well lit rooms . 780X digital zoom is completely useless . 26X optical zoom is good but at near 26X , the camera shakes are very noticible . The camera is very bulky which does n't show in the pictures . The menu system is easy to operate as opposed to what you might think after reading some reviews . But the `` cursor keys '' are very tight and a lot of force is needed to trigger a key press . Both the LCD and viewfinder have very low resolution and poor colors . The viewfinder almost has no color saturation and is extremely small . Like I said , the video quality is good for 460,000 CCD but by recommendation is to stay away from this camcorder unless Sharp fixes the playback problem .
 My first disappointment was that the camera is much bulkier in reality than it looks on all pictures on the net , so do n't be fooled by the favorable angle used while making the shot of the camera . When you hold it feels cheap , according to the price . Vague VCR playback controls that also are controlling LCD menu navigation do n't make the experience better . I give a credit for nice Canon lenses and killer 26-x optical zoom . Picture quality is OK , not more . I 'd probably be satisfied with the overall package if the camera did n't start to garble the picture after 2 hours of use . I 'm going to return it . Never trusted Sharp and likely never will ...
 although the camera was economically priced for all the features it has to offer , there seems to be a manufacturing defect with my camera . i 've tried to contact sharp customer service to try to resolve the problem i was having with playback -LRB- garbled video as well as distorted audio -RRB- they tried to tell me that it maybe the brand of DV tape i am using , but after reviewing this site and seeing that i was n't only person with this problem , i 've come to believe that there is only one reason why the camcorder is failing -- obviously , they must have used a bad batch of parts in the manufacturing process ... currently my camcorder is at an authorized service center for repair ... i hope that they can fix the problem . . i only had the camera less than three weeks ... when and if i get the camera back i 'll give a updated review of the camera in it 's entirety .
 I recently purchased this camera and thought it would be the best bang for the buck . I took it out of the box , read the instructions , and began to use it . To my dismay , when I played the footage I took on my TV , I found that the picture was pixelated and the sound would keep cutting off . I called Sharp customer service and they were not able to solve my problem . Nevertheless , everything else seemed to work fine . The infrared worked perfectly and I was very happy with the stills . It is very easy to use once you get the hang of it . Other people seem to have better luck than me , except for one other person who had the same problem . Overall , I would not recommend this camcorder .
 Well ... . I 've had the same problems as you guysplayback recording etc. . . well I got it from bestbuy online.and they recommended accessories as SONY miniDV tapes.Well ... DO N'T USE SONY with this camera!It broke mine . I brought it in service and they recommendedeither SHARP or Panasonic . To tell you the truth ... I do n't think you will have ANY luck finding sharp miniDVanywhere . Unless you work with them and have some for testing purposes heheheh . :-RRB- Well use Panasonic . I could not returnmine because 15 days trial period was over . So now I am usingPanasonic . :-RRB- Good luck people !
 I bought this one and after just a month of use ran into the famous tape getting stuck problem . Amazon was courteous to take it back . This does have some high end features , but these are of no use if there is problem with the basics . Too often companies get swayed by offering features when the base has problems . I was using TDK high quality tapes , so tape quality was not a issue .
 I do not recomend buying this camcorder . With my first tape it started to fail . The playback was garbled , the picture quality is terrible . Also , the service center was located 600 + miles away from Kansa City . I have see letters here from others having the same problem and suspect it 's not just that I bought a lemon . Its been 4 weeks since I sent it in for repair and they are still waiting for parts ...
 Get the extended warrantee . Maybe you 'll be okay if you buy this camcorder without the warrantee , maybe you wo n't . I purchased this camcorder over a year ago . I have used 4 Maxell Mini DVC since the purchase . Two of those tapes had less than 10 minutes of record time before I started getting the infamous red `` X '' and the `` EJECT THE CASSETTE '' . Of course the last time this happened , I was on vacation visiting far away family and the camcorder completely froze.I returned this product to the service center of Best Buy . It was out for 6 weeks for repair , covered under warrantee . However , I did n't have my camera for another important event -- my son 's first birthday party . Finally , my camera was returned to me , and I was informed the drum housing was completely replaced.In addition , there was a note attached to the camera from the Sharp Manufacturer 's repair center that told me to ONLY USE SHARP DVC 's . I have not seen a SHARP brand DVC , and the salesperson at Best Buy had n't heard of one either . I ca n't find online or at Sharp-usa . com . I 've emailed their customer support , so we 'll see what happens.From what I 've read here on amazon.com , others have had luck with Panasonic or JVC . I 'm currently trying out a Fuji and keeping my fingers crossed.The camera is easy to use and the features are fine for me , although I wish the still camera produced better quality hard copy photos -- oh yeah , and it would be nice if it were reliable too.After this last fiasco , and the complaints I have seen from others , I would highly recommend getting the extended warrantee if available . Otherwise , shop around some more and find one that is n't so untrustworthy and has better still camera features .
 I used to like Sharp before I bought this . I only used it 4 times for about 2 hours total . Still pictures at 1/2Megapixcels is not worth anything these days . From day one , playback sometimes broke up . After 6 months , all I got is 50 % broken pictures , and I only playback 3 times . The quality is n't as good as VHS -LRB- go figure -RRB- . I planned to make Dvd discs of my video and it 's not worth the VHS tape . It only gets 3 months coverage on labor so I do n't think it 's worth anything to fix . Reliability -LSB- is terrible -RSB- , picture quality -LSB- is terrible -RSB- , even my VHS cam gets much better outcome without the broken pictures . It will be the last thing I buy from Sharp . I just threw -LSB- my money -RSB- out of the door , just like that .
 I was extremely pleased with this camera when I first got it . It was a great bargain and I got a rebate , too ! The features on it were amazing for the price and the video was quality was every bit as good as I expected , if not better . Then , after about a year of being exceedingly pleased with my purchase , my favorite toy started eating tapes . I get the famous EJECT CASSETTE message nearly every time I attempt to rewind now . About half of those times , the machine ends up messing up a part of the tape by getting it stuck in the mechanism . Then I have to carefully extract it myself and rewind manually . Even doing this causes some wear and tear on the tapes now because they just were n't made for winding and unwinding by hand and they sometimes end up getting stretched out a little too far in the process . If you 've got the expendable cash and just need a full-featured camera to last you a little while , go for a Sharp . If you need something durable and want some actual bang for your buck , pay more for another brand . I 'm waiting for the days when camcorders record onto hard drives ... In the meantime , my next camcorder purchase for personal use will likely be a DVD-RAM model . Forget about tapes . But most of all , forget about Sharp .
 I purchased this camcorder about four months ago and it worked great right out of the box . however the fifth time I went to record with it the image came out pixilated . I used the recomended tapes and followed all instructions . I can still play the first couple of tapes i made and they come out fine , however , every time I record now I get a pixilated image . It is n't worth recording if it comes out like ... !!! So I called sharp , and after 45 minutes on the phone I was finally able to get the number to a service station . The nearest one is in NY . I live in SD . When I called them they told me that parts are still under warenty but the labor is not . They also said that no matter what the problem is it will cost me ... and ... for shiping . I ONLY PAID ... FOR THE CAMERA . So if I do get it fixed , whos to say it doesnt have the same problem four months further down the road . If it does then I will have spent ... on a camera that I have used less than a year !! My advice is to forget about buying this Sharp ... , and get somthing that will last !!!!!!
 This camera is such a shame . It 's one of the few -LRB- if not the only -RRB- cameras with 3 separate RCA jacks -LRB- for 1 video & 2 audio channels -RRB- , not the ridiculous `` mini-jack '' most consumer mini-DV cameras come with . Lots of manual controls . Bargain price.What is the shame ? It eats tapes . The machine randomly stops , then displays a red X with the words `` eject cassette . '' Beware if you do n't heed the warning . I did n't , and extracted mini-DV spaghetti from my camera . I rewound the tape manually , but now a spot is permanently marked on the tape . Every time I play that tape , the machine remembers to tell me to `` eject cassette '' at the same point on that cassette every time it plays.I tested with a new tape , different brands , etc. , and sure enough , sooner or later , this problem re-surfaced on each test tape . If you got a rebate with your camera , this is where it 's going.Unless you like to stop your tapes at random intervals and manually fast forward a few seconds of tape ; or you plan to take advantage of the warranty and send in the camera for repair right when you get it ... then get a different camera.Remember , though
 All of the negative reviews of this product are true . It eats tapes , or makes them unusable at a certain point . I , too , was under warranty when this started to happen -LRB- after the first tape ! -RRB- . I had to send to to NY , and had to pay for the labor , which was half the price of the camera . When it finally came back , it did the same thing . I do n't even know where to go with the lemon laws for this one .
 The first camera I got started flashing the icon to clean the heads right the first time I used it . After cleaning the head I recorder about 55 minutes and when I tried to play back the video all I got was noise and a blue screen . I turned it off and after 20 minutes I tried to play the tape again and it played fine . I did another test again recording about 5o minutes and when I played back noise and blue screen again . I returned it for an exchange . The second camera suffered from the same symptoms , noise and blue screen after about 45-55 minutes of recording . Strange that after letting it off for about 15 minutes the tape played fine . This is not what I was expecting . I returned it also and will buy another brand
 I strongly recomend not buying this camera . The one I purchased started to fail in two months . The playback was garbled and when it did work , the picture quality is terrible , defeating the purpose of a digital dv recorder . Also , the service center was located 300 + miles away . I live in Phoenix AZ , not the boonies . I have heard of others having the same problem and suspect it may be systemic . Spend the extra money , this one is to good to be true .
 My daughter sent me this camera as a gift for Christmas . The card said it was so I could keep in touch with my new grandson Noah . I was thrilled . It arrived the day before christmas and I ran out to get a memory card as the stores were closing Christmas eve . I ended up getting half of my pictures the next day-literally - a line of picture , a blank line , then a line of picture and then another blank line all down the picture . The problem , according to my computer savy son-in-law was that one of the heads was n't recording and that was also the head with the sound . I sent the camera back to Amazon and received a new one . Good service from Amazon . I did n't get to use it again until February and I brought it to Florida where I learned some of the complicated menu selections.I came home pretty pleased with myself for having learned so much that I had some decent pictures from Disney . I took the camera to a Jimmy Fund ski race fundraiser and the camera jammed up . I could not get it out of video mode to camera mode so I could record . I tried everything . I called Sharp who told me to send it for repair to a company in the midwest . They 've had it since March and the parts are backordered until May so only God knows when the camera will be fixed and operable . I will NEVER by a Sharp product again . Very dissatisfied with this service . I am on my way to the Bahamas next week without my camera . I am not a happy photographer !
 Sharp 's warranty stinks . They have 90 days on labor , 1 year on parts . But if you need parts after the 90 days , be prepared to fork over a -LSB- amount -RSB- labor fee ! Plus , they only have one service center , in New York , so you have shipping fees , insurance fees for shipping it , and the -LSB- amount -RSB- return shipping fee that Sharp tacks on . Do it right the first time and spend the extra money to get a quality camera so you do n't have to deal with this .
 The camera is a nice size and has many features , none of which nelp you to take great photos or video . You can not tell if the camera is on or off in sunlight and does n't take photos well in low light . This camera is for outdoor cloudy day photos.You ca n't see the screen in sunlight and found myself taping the inside of the camera bag for hours , and missed the photos and video I thought I was taking because the camera was not taping.There is no way to see if it is on record in bright light.The digital photos are grainy and do n't print in high quality.Indoor shots are gray and grainy . Very dissapointed
 I used to like Sharp before I bought this . I only used it 4 times for about 2 hours total . Still pictures at 1/2Megapixcels is not worth anything these days . From day one , playback sometimes broke up . After 6 months , all I got is 50 % broken pictures , and I only playback 3 times . The quality is n't as good as VHS -LRB- go figure -RRB- . I planned to make Dvd discs of my video and it 's not worth the VHS tape . It only gets 3 months coverage on labor so I do n't think it 's worth anything to fix.Reliability -LSB- is terrible -RSB- , picture quality -LSB- is terrible -RSB- , even my VHS cam gets much better outcome without the broken pictures.It will be the last thing I buy from Sharp . I just threw -LSB- my money -RSB- out of the door , just like that .
 Sharp products may be cheaper , but you should seriously think about the reliability issue , especially if you are dishing out -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- and the warranty is only 90 days . They say free parts up to one year , but the flat repair fee is -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- regardless of the nature of the problem . I will definitely pay -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- more the next time and get a Sony !!! I had my Sharp camcorder for six months . Used it to record two tapes . Then it died on me . I turned it off one day , and it never turned back on ... There are only two approved repair centers in the U.S. , and it costs -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for labor . This is what you have to pay regardless of what the problem is . For all I know , it could be the power switch that costs Sharp a few dollars . What kind of warranty is it if you have to pay -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for a -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- product 6 months after the purchase , and without any guarantee that the fix is good . My Sony 8mm camcorder lasted a good part of ten years , and the only thing I ever spent money on was a carrying strap and a new battery.Do not only look at the specs . You can make any spec look good . I bought this camcorder on specs alone . It was the best bang for the buck . But if you want to get your money 's worth out of your purchase , you need to be looking at reliability . ... I suggest that it 's worth paying a little extra for the bottom of the line Sony digital camcorder .
 too low qualityFrom the beginning , the quality of the record is too low . I ca n't watch most of the time after recorded .
 Same problem ! Ca n't play back !!
 Yeah , just like everyone else , I 'm getting the pixelated playback problems on my FIRST tape . If it were n't for that , this camera would be awesome . The nightvision recording is fantastic . I 'm using TDK tapes . I 'm going to return this camera like everyone else has . It 's COMPLETELY USELESS without being able to use the playback !
 Do n't Ignore the Reviews !!! I read all the reviews about the problems with this camcorder . I figured that they were just a few cases . I ordered one -- and it had all the same problems that other people had stated -LRB- fuzzy sound , pixelization , dirty head -RRB- . So , I asked Amazon for a new one . It came in the mail , and it had all the same problems . This WOULD have been a great camcorder -LRB- it has lots of cool features that I really liked , and a really easy to use menu system -RRB- , but it does n't work .
 I went into this thinking that I would not be affected by the dreaded `` pixel problem . '' In a nutshell , it worked great during the first week . I purchased the TDK tapes to ensure that there were not going to be any problems . I recorded about 45 minutes over seven days and played the tape back several times over the same time period . There were no problems at that time . It was not until I recorded something that was very important that things went screwy . I started getting a red X flashing in the display . I found out after recording that the X means that the heads are clogged . Clogged after just 45 minutes of recording ... amazing . It was at this poing that the playback got so pixelated that the image was unrecognizable.After reading the reviews here I purchased a head cleaning tape and even that made no difference . I returned the camcorder and purchased the Canon ZR45 MC . I was able to play the tapes back in that camcorder with no problem.Trust me ... it is not worth the risk . The feel of this camcorder is very cheap . The 26X zoom was my biggest motivation in this purchase . Obviously , the cost of an item has somewhat of a bearing on the overall quality . This product should be recalled . It is a known defect . Buy anything else . The difference in price is worth the difference in aggrevation .
 I love this camcorder ... ONLY if it works . Unless you want to take a chance because of the price -LRB- thats what i did -RRB- , stay away from this camcorder . I worked for a few days . The playback function started NOT working . It became distored and garbled.I love all the features this camcorder has . I even bought a extra 64 smartmedia card for this camcorder . ... I just requested a return from Amazon . The UPS guys just picked it . Will see if i get the full refund or not . The nearest Sharp servie center is 175 mile away in NY , none in PA. .
 I 'd really like to recommend this camcorder , but I ca n't . It has a lot of very good features at a great price , but the old addage , you get what you pay for applies here.The first one I had lasted a couple weeks . I only used it a couple hours when it started having problems playing back recorded video . First , random pixels all of the screen , then lines through the video , and finally it would not play back anything.So I returned that one and ordered another . While waiting for that one to arrive I found the reviews here and noticed simular problems listed . As soon as the new camcorder arrived and set it up on my desk and started play back and recording . Within 2 hours of use -LRB- just sitting on the desk -RRB- the camcorder would no longer play back anything . It just gives you a blue screen.Tech support has not answered my email request . This one is going back too , and I 'm going to look for another brand .
 It looks like there is some design issue with the camera 's playback as some other people have also reported the same problem . It records the images but it is very picky about playing it ! It happened to me a few times but at this point it simply refuses to play any recording and displays only blue screen as if the tape is empty . I will be returning it back to Amazon for a full refund . But whenever it decides to play , the picture quality is very good in good light but very bad at night even in well lit rooms . 780X digital zoom is completely useless . 26X optical zoom is good but at near 26X , the camera shakes are very noticible . The camera is very bulky which does n't show in the pictures . The menu system is easy to operate as opposed to what you might think after reading some reviews . But the `` cursor keys '' are very tight and a lot of force is needed to trigger a key press . Both the LCD and viewfinder have very low resolution and poor colors . The viewfinder almost has no color saturation and is extremely small . Like I said , the video quality is good for 460,000 CCD but by recommendation is to stay away from this camcorder unless Sharp fixes the playback problem .
 Pros
 Terrible , product tanked after 3 months ! Wont playback ! very pixelated and distorted if it does , otherwise blue screen . You get what you pay for here!Sharp is of no help , send to a service center for nothing ! Wont record or playback !
 The picture quality of the recorded video is really not any better than my 3-year old analog Hi 8 camcorder.The medium to low light performance is poor . The recorded images were very noisy in average to low light conditions.The menu system was fairly easy to use . Once through the manual was enough.The recorded sound quality is very good.The price is very good.If I was a first-time camcorder owner , I would be pleased with this product . I do n't recommend it to someone moving up from an analog camcorder to a digital camcorder.I returned mine after a week of use .
 A large portion of these cameras will not play back the video they record . Since this is one of the core functions of a camcorder , this product fails miserably.Yes , it has cool features . Yes , the price is great . None of this overcomes the fact that you ca n't use it to playback recorded video.So far I have had an opportunity to test out three of these cameras and all three failed in the exact same way . What are the chances that the one you buy will have the same problem ? It looks pretty probable .
 This is not the real product , and Ritz is not the real vendor . Apparently they have some other reseller called D&H list items on their behalf whithin the Amazon site . Originally this item was listed as a real IBM product , in fact it is an eReplacements product , but D&H used the bait and switch tactic of changing their ad details after I purchased . Then claimed I should not get a full refund . I had to get Amazon involved and they took care of the issue 100 % . But who wants to waste time with a purchase - I just want what I paid for ; do n't do business with these folks , they are dishonest !
 I purchased this replacement battery with the idea that my orginal battery had lost some of its charging capacity . My maximum usable time unplugged was averaging around 20 minutes . After receiving my new battery and ensuring that it had a complete charge , I was very much dissappointed with the incremental improvement as I had only gained and additional 10 minutes.I would not recommend this product as the price far out ways the benefits.I ca n't believe that there is not an extended battery out there for these T30 models ?
 JUST RECEIVED THIS ITEM , PAID FOR EXPEDITED SHIPPING SO I CAN SURPRISE A FRIEND AS AN EARLY GIFT . AFTER CAREFULLY UNPACKING EVERYTHING , I DISCOVERED NONE OF THE HARDWARE WAS INCLUDED IN THE SHIPPING.IT TOOK ME ANOTHER HALF HOUR TO REPACK EVERYTHING AND IM HIGHLY ANNOYED I HAVE TO TAKE MORE TIME OUT OF MY SCHEDULE TO RETURN THIS AND NOT GOING TO HAVE ANYTHING TO GIVE AS A GIFT NOW!SINCERELY , DISAPPOINTED IN SUCH NEGLIGENCE CUSTOMER
 The wall mount was the worst designed piece of furniture I ever put together . First off , some of the holes that were drilled in the mount were unequal . The option I chose was to have the 2 shelves on the lower half of the mount . When the mount was assembled and wires were connected , I went to put the cover pieces on and they did n't snap shut completely . The covers were crooked and showed some of the wires . It was n't worth the $ 200.00 I paid .
 Ordered this product based on positive reviews.However , the product has arrived broken -LRB- the plastic anchors that were supposed to hold the top cover were smashed to pieces -RRB- . Ordered a replacement . Got it the next day , opened the boxes and saw the same problem . Will get a refund and not buy it from Amazon .
 I purchased this product with high hopes . The product is made well and the overall look is very modern & attractive . However , there are two major issues that made me send it back :1 . The cover that slides on the top of the mount DOES NOT have any type of cutout or punch-out to run your component wires out the top of the cover to the tv or outlets - it is completely solid . This makes no sense at all from a functional design standpoint . This could be easily fixed by the Omnimount engineers by either cutting an area in the cover for the wires or providing an optional punch-out .2 . Their is NO bottom cover to the mount , so the bottom remains completely open . If you are mounting near the floor this is not a problem as no one can see underneath . However , if you are mounting your tv high on the wall -LRB- bedroom for instance -RRB- , then the bottom is completely open and the mount looks quite unfinished , if not ugly . Again , Omnimount , provide a cover similar to the top cover - but again , with a pre-cut opening for the wires -LRB- or an optional punch-out -RRB- . If you are mounting this high on the wall , you will likely be running the wires out the top only as the outlet will likely be located behind the tv . For some reason , Omnimount did n't figure on anyone ever mounting a tv on the wall above sitting eye level.Summary : Mount has lots of potential if they fix these glaring errors in design . I 'd look elsewhere until then . You can cut a hole in the top cover if you are handy and are mounting at a lower wall height where the opening on the bottom wo n't be seen . I do n't think it 's worth the effort frankly .
 My review for the will be short and disappointed for the Bushnell Instant Replay 8x30 Binocular 5MP Camera.Pros
 As binoculas this gadget does the job but as a camera is way far . The colors are very saturated and I had to spend a lot of time trying to fix them with different digital software . The image gets distorted quickly by the movement . Maybe using a permanent tripod . I tried the different light settings and the result is not much better . I am going to return them . If your are thinking to buy this product search for other consumer reports . I only found one and it was negative . But I did look for them after I bought the product.Don ' t make the same mistake
 Do n't purchase these binoculars !! I 'm in the process of returning my second pair . I called Bushnell about the camera not working properly and they said to return them because they were defective . Well , I just got my second pair and they do the same thing . Bushnell said maybe a bad shipment went out . Picture looks OK in the LCD screen , but when you try to replay it , it 's all blurred lines . I 've tried everything I can think of because I thought it might be me , but no . Also batteries went to just 2 bars in a matter of minutes . I tried 3 kinds and all were the same . Luckily the seller has been very helpful with great customer service . I 'm going to purchase a good zoom digital camera instead , which is what some of the reviews recommended in the first place .
 I purchased these binoculars as a gift for my husband . We attend a lot of hockey games , and I thought he would get a kick out of the camera/video features . Right out of the box , it became clear that something was not quite right with the product . Only the second time we turned it on , the display indicated the -LRB- brand-new -RRB- batteries were low . Then , the whole thing started locking up , to the point that none of the buttons -LRB- including the power button -RRB- worked at all . We had to take out the batteries to get the thing to shut off . The product itself may have been defective , but based on the other reviews here , I will not be buying another set of these binoculars to replace the broken ones . I 'm going with a different product next time .
 I find that this `` camera '' takes blurred , dark , unidentifiable images in even the brightest sunlight . I will be returning it for a refund as it does not meet ANY of my needs .
 I read all the reviews and they were right . The Technology is not perfected . I bought it as a gift for my boyfriend . I wanted to return it , but he wanted to keep it . He was just being nice . The camera does n't take good pictures . I am not an expert but I do have eyes .
 This product says it has 8 watts output so it can power devices that require 8 watts but it is a standard USB charger that does not output enough power to charge a device requiring an 8 watt charger.When I connect it to my Motorola Xyboard it says `` slow charging rate '' because it is not putting out the stated power , and if I use the tablet in the car the battery level actually goes down while the charger is plugged in and operating .
 My department has four of these scanners and they have performed adequately over the past two and a half years.The Kodak i260 scanner is a decent machine for low production use . However , contrary to Kodak 's claim you should not expect to process more than 2,000 pages per day . While it can technically handle more than that , it comes at the cost of higher maintenance and a shorter product life.The other specifications for the scanner are misleading as well . The rating of 67ppm is purely theoretical . My department has never received more than 50ppm , and our average is closer to 20ppm . The reason is simple , in the real world paper is not perfect . Paper has folds , wrinkles and tears that drastically slow the process time . An important note
 The Clarion CMD5 Marine Receiver was an installed upgrade to my new pontoon boat -LRB- read expensive -RRB- . It is advertised as satellite radio/IPOD/MP3 etc. ready . It is NOT . In order to connect my IPOD I had to purchase an expensive -LRB- $ 90 from Clarion , cheaper on Amazon -RRB- cable interface in order to use . It 's similar if you 're wanting to use the other `` ready '' functions -LRB- save AM/FM and CD player -RRB- , you 'll need to buy an interface cable . I 've had $ 50 stereos with a better tuner than this one . In addition to the installed antenna ` cable ' , I tried two additional antennas before being able to receive , with static , the major local FM stations only 20 miles away . Since I have a fairly large boat , often times you need to `` crank up the volume '' . Using both store purchased and burned CD 's , the unit will overload and ` kick out ' with the volume at 30 in just a couple minutes -LRB- and I 'm 57 years old ! -RRB- . I suspect this may be from excessive heat generation since you can not leave the faceplate cover open while in use . This did n't happen with the IPOD , but volume is basically limited there depending on how things were recorded . I have not been able to test the watertight capability of the unit . It comes with a wireless remote , but must be used line-of-sight and is not waterproof so serves no useful function . A wired remote is available but , guess what , you 'll need to pay extra plus buy the interface cable . I do like the large rubber covered volume knob - it makes for easy manipulation while your hands are wet and the water is rough .
 I did n't even plug this baby in . I ordered it since it stated it was a flat screen . This screen is * not * flat . This screen is just as curved as a non-flat screen monitor is . If these guys think this monitor is flat , they better have their eyes checked.I sent this monitor back and purchased from circuit city a NEC Multisync FE700 + 17 '' monitor . Now this is a flat screen monitor.Bottom line ... if you are thinking of buying this monitor because it is a flat screen , then do n't buy it .
 Unreliable electronics that ` locks up ' and requires removal of the batteries to free it up for use . The camera part takes a picture that is offset from what you are looking at through the binocular
 I ca n't believe Bushnell put their name on this worthless junk . The eye pieces do not close far enough for either me or my mate . It takes pictures so slowly that they are all blurry . If you are so lucky to be taking a still picture using a tripod and a release cable , you will get a fair picture . It eats batteries about every 20 pictures . It will only accept an out-dated 1 gig SD card - Very hard to find today . The picture is NOT taken through the binocular 's optics . The camera portion uses one simply -LRB- and tiny -RRB- lens focused at infinity . I am not sure what to do with my pair - garbage or simply keep them around to remind me what junk Bushnell will label as their own . Amazing !
 Length :
 this product takes up way too much cpu to use it effectively . If you have a quad core processor it might work ok but for a dual core or lower I would stay away .
 returned product constantly blinked in and out and switched document from secondary screen to main screen constantly . did not like it at all
 This product had promise for adding a screen to my Lenovo T42 laptop . I installed it per instructions and when I hooked it up , only my laptop LCD display worked . There appears to be an incompatibility between this device and the ATI device drivers . After removing it , I could no longer use the video out on my docking station , `` Could not load OEMDSPIF.DLL '' . After much trial and error , I had to uninstall this software , uninstall the laptop ATI display drivers , then reinstall the ATI drivers , and you can imagine how many reboots and missteps that all took . It was hours before I was able to use my laptop again.Clearly this product is not for me .
 The unit only supports resolutions compatible with standard 4:3 monitors . Does not have resolutions for widescreen . No help from company . Support only open during business week . Drivers are updated , last 12/17/07 . Nothing in latest verson that can help . Save your money .
 Iogear - Beware - Customer Service HellI bought an Iogear GUC2015V External Video Adapter recently to connect two monitors on my office PC.I followed all the instructions in the manual . I was unable to install this product on my Windows Vista PC after many attempts and reboots taking over 2 hours of my workday.I finally called the Tech Support number on the instruction manual but could not get anyone on the phone after 4 attempts . I finally left a voicemail . No one called me back.The next day I called again and this time someone with a thick Philippino accent answered the phone.For half an hour he took me through the installation process again including downloading another driver . Still would not install.They he proceeded to tell me that I need to pay for an engineering to take over my PC to help me diagnose the problem . I refused to pay for tech support for a problem that is in their software . I already paid $ 60 for this useless gadget at Fry 's . I asked to escalate , but no one was available . I asked to speak with a supervisor or manager , but he refused . He claimed that this was a fault of my computer and not their problem.They sold me a product that they claim is compatible with Windows Vista . But it would not install . That 's a driver problem , not a consumer problem.I then told him that I wanted my money back so that I can buy something else . He refused , until I threatened to contact the CEO and complain over the internet . He reluctantly promised to have someone call me . But I doubt that he meant it . And sure enough , no one has called me.If this is the kind of service this company provides , I would never buy anything from them again . And I will warn everyone I know against doing business with Iogear . I would sell their stock short because this company is headed for a fall .
 The item does n't work on my win7 after downloading the updated driver . I tried to reach the IOGEAR customer service , which turned out to be time wasting . They let me wait for ten minutes and when I finally got into the live chat room nobody responded to my questions at all . Will resort to my credit card company to get my money back .
 I 'm sure this works if you have Vista or XP , but this video card did not work with my Windows 7 Aero . It crashed the computer .
 I am very disappointed with this graphics card as it is not compatible with Windows 7 . You get a disk with the card , and if you have Windows 7 and try to install the Iogear software it will give you a message saying it is not compatible with your OS . It also does not state in the manual that it is compatible with Windows 7 .
 I tried both the included CD and a newer download from IOGear . The installation software kept asking for a later version of graphics support for my Toshiba laptop . Neither MS nor Toshiba has one . IOGear support kept reading the instructions back to me . A worthless and frustrating experience . I returned the adapter unopened so I do n't know if it works well for other folks .
 I have it plugged into my laptop dock . When installed and running , it is fine . The problem I have is that when it is plugged into the dock , it prevents my system from undocking . It throws up a `` you can not eject your computer error '' and specifically mentions the IOGEAR device . Tech support suggested that I plug it directly into the laptop . When I tried to explain that this idea defeats the purpose of a dock , they just repeated their suggestion . They also suggested I load the driver into the dock and not the laptop . I still do n't understand that one ... Tech support is definitely not there .
 I have Vista and this item did n't work with it . I would always get Device has been disabled error . Returned the item .
 Within 2 months of buying this printer , I have had to replace the toner 4 times at about $ 73.00 / toner from Office Depot !!!! As advertised , each toner should last for about 3000 copies - yeah right !!!! It is not like I 'm running a copy shop either ! The cost of the toner is already more than I paid for the printer ! Something just ai n't right !!! The machine itself works great . However , having to buy toner frequently is not something I had anticipated ! The feeling of being taken for a ride is disturbing !
 I 'm used to HP 's that print , do n't jam too much and last for years . I 've had this for less than 6 months and it jams half the time . I wanted a fax/copy/printer all in one , and what I got is something that 6 months later , I may need to replace . I do n't even know if I can get any money back on this . what am I going to say on e-bay - used printer / scanner / copier / fax , bought last year - Jams every other page - piece of junk but makes a good paperweight . Not Happy . : - -LRB- I regret that I did n't pay more and go with another company . I 'm never buying Samsung again .
 I 've had this printer about a year . When it prints , it prints very fast , and produces high-quality output . The copier works nicely.My complaint is that it jams very frequently . Maybe not half the time , like another reviewer reported , but at least a quarter of the time.Actually , what happens most of the time it `` jams '' is that the printer stops printing and says there is a jam , but when I open it up there is nothing jammed . I re-seat the toner cartridge and it starts printing again . Very , very annoying.It is loud , but if the thing would actually print without jamming , I would be fine with it . I want to like it , but I do n't much .
 Severely disappointed with Samsung . I pretty much can expect to have a paper jam every time I print on this piece of junk . Kudos , Samsung-Engineers !
 Very dissappointed in the performance . Purchased in Oct 05 Opened box in Jan 06 . Paper always jams . rubber roller in machine disconnected . Legal paper ? Forget it . Samsung , you have lost a customer .
 have this machine since 2 years and it worked fine in the beginning . The noise is quite loud but I can live with that.Whats really disappointing is the support of the Samsung Company . I used Mac OS X 10.4 and everything was fine . Upgraded to Leopard 10.5 and I had to wait 3 months -LRB- ! -RRB- for them to update their drivers.It still can get worse
 The biggest problem I have is they are too cheap to add an owner 's manual . It 's on line to be read with Adobe Acrobat.The manual directions are horrible ! Instead of simply explaining something they send you to several different pages within one paragraph.I have tried to set the automatic receive from a remote phone for 45 minutes.It would be fine if you have a dedicated fax phone line . I cancelled mine because I was getting too many `` junk faxes '' . Hope this helps .
 I originally had one of these and it makes typing really hard and after awhile -LRB- a week or two -RRB- , it got really disgusting with crap all over it like dust and such . Instead I just threw it away and got the Marware protection pack which I love . I would n't recommend this product .
 What more can be said?Simple to use , but reliability does not bode well for reducing stress .
 It was a nice drive while it lasted . Unfortunately , it died after 2 months . It 's still under warranty , but I 'm going to opt not to return it with my personal information still on the drive . I 'd rather destroy it and purchase a Western Digital . I 've had better experience with WD drives . Unfortunately , I was tempted by a lower price with this drive .
 I am extremely disapointed . I have never had a hard drive die like this one in over 10 years . This one just stopped working . Usually when a drive goes it will start to give warning signs , ie. , lost data , sounds , louder , access issues one time then fine the next . This usually allows me to get the data off the drive before it totally crashes.No warning with this drive . It just quit working . Maybe it 's the electronics of the enclosure that quit . I do n't know unless I crack it open , but this will void the warranty.I 'm hoping that Seagate will honor the warranty . I put in my serial number and model number on their website and it states that the drive is not covered under warranty . I have not called yet.I purchase this on 6/4/07 and it died on 11/21/07 . This seems to be big issue with these external drives.I will not buy Maxtor or seagate products anymore . A quick Google on these drive pulls up ambulance chasing attorneys that are looking at starting class action lawsuits.Update 11/28/2007
 I bought the Maxtor OneTouch III based on its great reviews . It is a fine portable disk , but the backup software is completely unacceptable . In very fine print the manual tells you that it does not back up hidden or busy files . Hidden files include Microsoft Outlook mailboxes , among other important files . If you have your mail or another file open when the backup runs , it is not backed up . You can replace the bad Maxtor backup software with another backup program , but then you are just using the Maxtor as an expensive external drive .
 I bought two of this switches and they came with no OS installed , I really do n't like this , I 've trying to put the IOS via Xmodem and is not working : S
 had to send it backscrewed up my computer had to reformat drive to get all the things off \ tech support was worthless !!
 The installation is too difficult . It took several attempts , even with an experienced technician . When feeding paper into the machine it fails to pull the paper through resulting in a black page often . When it does pull the paper through properly it works great .
 After spending well over two hundred and fifty dollars on this 7 months ago , Visioneer STILL does not have certified vista drivers out there for it . A call to customer service -LRB- not an 800 number -RRB- , yielded no help at all . This company does not care about its customers at all , and offered no workable solutions . Vista was a shipping operating system when I bought this scanner , and they will not support it . AVOID VISIONEER PRODUCTS AT ALL COSTS !!!!!
 Sounded like agreat idea to use with my Olympus D-390 camera . Well I carefully unpacked the device , and installed the software exactly as instructed . Then I plugged in the USB cable into my computer . The instalation started . I got following notice `` Has not passed Windows logo testing '' do you still want to install it ? What heck I 'll try anything once . No way would it install . Went to Olympus home page and downloaded update . Still would not accept installation . E-mailed Olympus help . Waiting for an answer . I ca n't evaluate the device 's functioning . It did n't . If and when I do get it to function , I will evaluate the device .
 This is the second time I have received the product , very much unlike the advertised version . I have a strobe , sunpack and this will not fit it as it is about two inches short on all measurements . I talked with the supplier and he was n't very gracious about my returning it . I may or may not order from this supplier again . Thank You
 The light diffuser does n't quite fit my Canon speedlight flash unit , so I have to tape it to the flash .
 This diffuser is okay . It does its job but has a tendency to fall off the light source . I now have a Nikon SB-700 Speedlight and it brings its own diffuser . I have since had no use for this diffuser .
 This player stopped working for me after only 5 weeks , which was unfortunately one week too late to return it to the seller for a refund . One minute it was working , then all of a sudden , without warning , every DVD I put in the unit read `` Disk Error '' . I tried e-mailing the manufacturer as it 's supposed to have a 90-day warranty , but their mailbox was full and my mail was returned unopened . Would not recommend this unit and would give it `` 0 '' stars if I could ! I wo n't ever buy another Jwin product in my lifetime ! I would recommend to anyone that they purchase something a little better ; this is the 3rd `` compact '' dvd-style player I 've purchased in the past 6 months and I 've had nothing but problems . Seems to me that it 's better to pay a little extra and buy a full-size DVD player with some of the extras than to put up with this !
 Bought two of these . Both broke within 3 months of use . One says Disk Error and the other hangs half way through the movie . Called CC and got VM . Never got a call back . DO NOT BUY ! Defective CD technology sold cheap just to capture market share . DO NOT BUY !
 I agree with the other reviews DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!! I bought it in June , the audio and video quality was mediocre and it stopped working after 21/2 month , the image would freeze and the dvd wouldnt play anymore ... I threw it away :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- Had i known that before hands I 'd never would have left positive feedback to the company that sold it to me ...
 I was very disappointed by this product . First off , the photo shows `` Nikon '' in yellow stitching . The product I received had `` Nikon '' in white in what looked like a fuzzy sticker . The strap is too short to be usable . I do not know why it is listed as a `` wide strap '' because it is no wider than the strap that comes with most Nikon DSLR 's . In fact the default strap that comes with Nikon Cameras , is much better quality than this one . SAD . I bought this to be an upgrade , not a downgrade . Being so cheap I 'm not too upset , but it is still a waste . Do n't buy this .
 While I should have been more careful , as this lens cap is included in my search for `` Nikon D40 Lens Cap '' I assumed it would fit the 52mm kit lens included with my D40.Guess what , it does not ! And it 's different than the picture here . At $ 6.95 it 's not even worth the time to return it . If you 're considering this item , beware!The lack of specifications provided in the item description should have been a red flag , but I am still very dissatisfied .
 This is not the product pictured . Due to the cheap construction it appears to be a Nikon conterfeit . Nevertheless it is actually a 46mm lens cap not a 52mm , and it is not the item pictured .
 I tried GuitarPlug with my electric guitar in 2005 , when it was a Griffin product . It still looks exactly the same , even the package , so I do n't expect it to be any different in 2009 . As every guitar player knows , the signal of an electric guitar is very weak and amplifying it also amplifies any static . If you want to record or just shape and amplify the guitar sound on your computer , like in GarageBand , your will find that the computer most likely produces a lot of static . Your guitar pick-ups and the cable to your computer become antennas for these distortion.I hoped to minimize this by using this device to turn the weak , analog guitar signal into a digital signal , right at the very source , almost immediately when it is produced , right at the guitar . Bypassing the analog part of the cable.However , using a GuitarPlug did not help me getting a cleaner signal from my guitar . On the contrary
 If you 've allready purchased this , I sincerely wish you the best of luck getting your money back ... It actually sends a signal to Garageband , however it 's so weak that it hardly registers.It 's a sham product .
 This skin was all in all better than the last shin I had purchased , but it still is laden with alot of problems , the buttons are nice but its just not durable at all and offers little if any real protection . I gave this skin the mile and half run test and found that it was already starting to tear . So that ended my dreams of using one media player for everything . Now I invested in a second smaller player to run with and this is for travel . But I digress , this skin has a nice feel to it but dont use it for anything more than scratch prtection .
 I ordered this product on 12/15/05 . I got a knock off brand . The box not only says video camera battery -LRB- then it also states its `` for Nikon EN-EL3 '' -RRB- , it is n't what is pictured above . The battery has no label for it being of the Nikon brand , and no writing on the front of the battery . It only has `` for Nikon '' printed on the back along with its origin -LRB- cell from Japan , made in China -RRB- . It is a 7.4 v but you are getting a 1500mah and not a 1400mah -LRB- I do n't know if that part is a big concern , just falsely advertised -RRB- . I have contacted the seller for a refund . Is it reliable although it has a 12month warranty . Any comments on this , please ?? I do n't know what this brand is called , it just says `` Video Camera Battery , Lithium Ion High Energy '' and that 's it ?!?! I would beware , what you see is not what you get ! Although , the knock off could be as reliable , who knows ? If someone else has had this problem , but kept the battery , did it work fine for you ??? ThanksUPDATE 12/27/05
 Do n't buy . Over priced and am not sure it is genuine Nikon . It certainly does n't last nearly as long as the one comes with the camera or the ones I bought from NWV Direct at half the the price .
 For the 3rd time just a slight jarring has killed my D50 . Never even got to run a full discharge of this battery . The D50 is one weak camera killed by a bump against a hand-rail . Will never buy Nikon digital again !
 doesnt fit most of my flashes , , actually none of them , , falls off easily , unless you want to tape it on , which is possible ,
 When these work they are great . the problem is I have to keep wiggling them and repositioning them at the hole I plug them into or they wo n't work . They are very `` touchy '' ; the sound will go off or just out of one side . The problem is n't with my laptop because any other headphones I plug into it are fine .
 This is NOT noise cancelling . It 's indicated as one by category , so if you 're seeing this , beware !
 I have to say that I was disappointed when I received my purchase . My intent was to purchase a microphone for my computer . And while the product description does read `` headphones '' the item pictured is a microphone . I did not actually read the written description unitl after I had ordered and received the headphones already . My assumption was that I had ordered and would receive a microphone .
 The web site incorrectly lists the eh-5 adapter as a charger for the D series cameras . It is NOT . It is only a power cord for the camera and NOT a charger .
 Seems a huge amount of money for what is little more than a power cable and basic transformer . This came free with my point-and-shoot Canon G5 . Why not with a more expensive DSLR ?
 I 'm not sure what it is about after-market straps , but they all seem to have padded areas that are too short to effectively carry a camera slung over one 's back . The strap that came with my 5DMKII is perfectly suitable in this regard , albeit lacking some padding . When I sling my camera over my back using the OP/TECH strap , the buckle ends up right over my shoulder . Not good . It 's a sturdy strap , but it could use some improvement .
 I returned mine today . I was looking for a much softer neck padding with rounder edges but instead got a stiff one with straight edges . Perhaps the padding will get more flexible with use but I just ca n't wait for that to happen . I will try to look for something with a softer , &#34; foamy-feel &#34; neck padding . I also agree with the other comments about the length . An additional 4 to 6 inches would have been ideal .
 Item I got was the OP/TECH USA 1511372 Pro Loop Strap - neoprene -LRB- Steel -RRB- . First all this strap is to light weight for any real Pro camera and lens combo.It does not with stand the weight of a Pro DSLR like the Canon 1D X.Not sure why OP/TECH is charging $ 20.00 xx for this crap , I mean strap?Cost should be around $ 8.00 or $ 9.00 ... OP/TECH makes the Canon CPS Pro strap that I have and that strap is 900x better in every way.It is a complete Pro Grade Strap , so you would think that OP/TECH would make a strap like thatto sell in their own line up . . ??? I would not recommend this strap to any Pro Camera Owner . Look somewhere other than this strap .
 My wife liked the look of the WINE strap . The dang thing is RED ... sooo ugly . What else can I say , is that twenty words yet ?
 I bought it for my Minidisk recorder that uses a NH-14WM . It does n't hold a charge for more than 15 minutes . You get what you pay for .
 I Ordered one of these some time back . Was able to charge it once . Now it will not recharge . Just be warned .
 I had this inverter installed in my cargo van and just after a year it started giving me problems . I use it to mainly run an 800 watt microwave , laptop , and GPS . The inverter worked well then began to experience power loss . The unit remains on , but does does not give any continuous power output . Sometimes , the power output cycles on and off while still showing it is on at the switch . It is connected to a seperate high output battery of very good quality . I use it frequently , about 9 months out of the year . After 2 years now , I am still having problems with it . It is becoming frustrating not knowing if it will work or not . I have n't figured out any reason for it to act up . I am now looking for a new inverter . Maybe I just got a lemon . I expected more from a respectable name such as Tripp Lite .
 Product never got voltage above 84 and burned out a ceiling fan . Was told by support that voltage was OK and that I need a true RMS volt meter to accurately measure it 's voltage - guess the ceiling fan could n't read the true voltage either
 From the product description and the picture of the cartrigde I believed I would be getting new ink cartridges that were just a generic brand . When they arrived I found that they are basically someone 's used cartridges that have been refilled with ink and relabled -LRB- the lable on the box and on the side of the cartridge clearly marks them as a `` remanufactured inkjet cartridge '' which looks completely different from that on the label shown in the picture -RRB- .
 The box listed a whole bunch of other Canon models but not mine ! I called and found that this indeed was the correct cartridge for my model ... but one should not have to do that . Packed well ; after a few weeks , the cartridge is making odd noise which never happened before.Folow-up from April 2011
 Not only was the writing amateurish , the plot line was obvious almost from the beginning . I had read good reviews and was very disappointed in this book . Some of the dialogue was quite good , but the transitions , such as `` she bit her lip , '' `` she scratched her ear , '' etc. were awkward . I felt no real connection to the characters because of the way the book was written .
 The title made me pick this book up , but the story is why I am smitten with these characters . Tommy 's relationship with Kendra proceeded as I would have written it ; the way I wanted it to progress . What I did n't know was that my heart would break as I read on . Wonderfully written .
 Well to answer the question as to whether the SA7 is any good you have to ask yourself what you want from a preamp ? The SA7 is ONLY capable of compensating for loss of signal between your antenna and receiver . Only if you put the SA7 in a long feed line at the antenna will you see any improvement . Plugging this in at the receiver will do nothing or worse , attenuate -LRB- weaken -RRB- the signal . It will not turn your antenna into an active antenna . If you want an increase of signal and more selectivity pay a lot of money for a bigger , better , higher and maybe even directional antenna and more expensive feed line -LRB- coax -RRB- . I have also had one of these on my Oscilloscope and signal generator . It gave about 0.05 Volt increase at 20Mhz which does not constitute a +20 db increase , more like +4 -6 db . It is also hampered by nulls about 10 , spread out more or less evenly up and down the frequency coverage.So in conclusion , If your want more , better defined and stronger signals . Do n't buy a Ramsey SA7 . Buy a better antenna and feed line .
 I ordered this item to have backup batteries for my Leica D-lux 4 . The ad specified that this was a Leica brand battery . What arrived was NOT a Leica battery but seems to work . I was heading on vacation so I had to use it , but I was a bit pissed since I could have gotten a battery like this for a lower price than I paid .
 If this unit would have done audio well , I would have given this unit 4 stars . This unit does work well switching between 4 pc 's using one keyboard , mouse , and monitor . Audio , it does horrible things to . It removes all of the lower frequencies and just leaves the upper frequencies . I can even notice this on the free speakers that came with my pc . I would not want to try this on $ 80 speakers . I would guess the effect would be even more pronounced . I guess I do n't understand why they included audio if they did n't care if you could use it or not . So just be prepared if you buy this you will have to manually switch the audio if you want sound . I am debating returning the unit and buying something else .
 Easy to hook up and that 's were it ends . Will not switch computers without trying several times and several different ways . Even with IOGEAR Tech support it is useless
 If you are playing PC game , do n't use it . You can never win the game with it due to the slow response . Sometimes it freezes your mouse . After a few days , I put it aside .
 Terrible product and poor design ! I tried everything to make this switch to work with no success . I then called technical support and they could n't get it to work either . As for design at the connector hub , inputs are to close causing fittings to be cramped and bent . I had to force all connectors
 Out of the box , on the 3 PCs , did n't work . Called 24x7 tech support , got through quickly and was told I had to start PC 1 , when it was booted start PC 2 , etc. . Did n't work . Called tech support back , rebooted all 3 machines -LRB- you can only see one so you just power them off -RRB- he said it did n't matter what order the PCs were started in . Tried two other keyboards . My device worked on whichever PC started first , and only that one . It would not switch between them .
 Iogear tech Support delayed responding to a known defective audio chip in the unit with two weeks of emails and then insisted that I FAX my serial number to get permission to pay for returning it to them . Instead , I returned it for the $ 20 cheaper Cables to Go 2PT Authority2-Micro KVM with Audio that has worked flawlessly .
 Buyer beware : Keyboard , Mouse and Video quality - 5 starsAudio quality - 1 starIf audio quality is important , do not buy this model . The sound level is scratchy and tin-like . I tried from 2 different computers -LRB- both Red Hat 9 and Windows XP -RRB- and the result was still the same , very * poor * audio quality.I do not know why a company which manufactures and sells computer hardware would include a feature that does not work . I have come to expect this practice from software companies where it is common practice to sell a product that is broken out of the box . For some reason this is not acceptable on hardware products.In sum , I returned my unit and bought the equivalent belkin model instead . It was worth it despite being $ 10 more cause the audio works great on it .
 In the product description , it states `` This genuine Panasonic rechargeable battery is an ideal replacement for your Panasonic cordless phone . '' . What ended up in my hand is an unknown brand 3rd party battery . Furthermore , in the technical details , it states `` 3.6-volts , 1000-mAh '' . The one I received only has 900 mA ! This is not a honest business .
 GREAT PICTURE UNTIL about 40 days of using this TV it went completely DEAD . No power - nothing . Warranty was 30 days so I am in negotiation with seller . Looks like I 'm screwed.There seems to be soldering defects on this model so if you have n't lost the picture yet your lucky . There is a common problem with this chassis as were in some of the older models of sony . . the Horizontal driver transformer as well as the regulator ic has a bad solder joints on them.http : / / www.fixya.com/problems-solutions/t103006,p202492/Toshiba-27A45-27-TV.aspxDO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK !!!
 Got it home and it had poor focus . The center was ok but the sides were definitely out of focus . the next morning the focus problem was gone . Go figure . The big problem for me was the time it took to change channels . A full 3 seconds . Went back to the store and found this is a common problem with tube tvs . Well I took it back and went to Walmart and got a Sanyo HT27546 for $ 270 . Good set with quick channel change . It also has an optical digital outputwhich the Toshiba did not . The Sanyo also has a full one year warrenty . Sound on both TVs is fine . A small point . The Toshiba can not be set up to go to closed caption when you hit Mute .
 I purchased the Toshiba 27A45 about one year ago . I was happy with the picture and the sound , especially for the money . Plus , I thought that Toshiba was a reliable brand . After all , I had owned another Toshiba without problems for over 10 years!I came home yesterday to find the TV would not turn on . I pushed the power button , and nothing ! I then did a web search on this model to see if , by chance , there was a fuse or something that I could replace . I discovered that I was not the only person to have problems with this model . From what I gather , the TV has a manufactering defect which causes connections to come loose . Now , after just one year , I 'm forced to by another TV . Guess which brand it * WO N'T * be !
 I shlepped this thing home and upon plugging it in found that there were large purple splotches in the corners and center of the screen which get worse and the unit warms . I know this has to do with the alignment of the beam , maybe a magnet nearby , whatever , but dunno what to do with it . Called Toshiba and was told it is my own tough luck . So I 've owned it for about 2 years now . he purple splotches are annoying , but otherwise its a nice TV . Reading through the reviews here I see that essentially buying them is a crapshoot . They 're either really nice or real crap . And the likelihood of getting a lemon seems around 40 % which is n't too good . Look , if you 're looking for a TV , look for something you 're less likely to have come out a piece of rubbish . Or better yet - just get a new HDTV . It 's worth it , trust me .
 Am I the only one that is tired of doing Internet searches for something then clicking on a link for Amazon only to find they do not have the item or the price is not the same as stated on the search hit ???
 I ordered the TV and anxiously awaited delivery . I called Eagle Global Logistics to schedule an appointment . Since they only deliver during the week from 9-5 -LRB- I guess they expect people to take off from work to wait for them -RRB- , I was promised the first delivery appointment on Saturday morning and was told I should have the TV by 11:00 am.At 12:15 , they told me they were running late since their driver did n't show up for work , but another driver will bring it and will be leaving the warehouse shortly . Well , 1/2 hour later , I got a call from the driver who told me that he was using his personal vehicle to deliver the TV , but the box would n't fit in his car , so he uncrated the TV and noticed it was damaged.I was informed I had to contact Amazon to arrange reshipment . I ca n't understand why on earth Eagle would not deliver a TV in a delivery truck and why they would take it upon themselves to remove the TV from the box without my permission.Amazon said I should hear from them in a few days regarding the reshipment.Bottom line
 This television arrived at my home with deep , dark grain burns in the screen from an apparent `` bad shadow mask . '' Amazon does not allow returns on 27 inch televisions or larger and Toshiba has dragged their heels for a month now . They refuse to send me a new television and have -LRB- finally -RRB- arranged for a new picture tube to be installed . The repair required me to be at home for TWO different appointments with the repair service and at time of writing , I have a $ 300 charge on my latest credit card statement and still no television ! I am a loyal customer of Amazon , having spent hundreds of dollars -LRB- if not thousands -RRB- on various merchandise and services . After this experience -- no more , no how !
 Be cautious of ` Equivalent Batteries ' . I bought a pair of these and they only lasted a few months of casual use . I would definitely recommend buying the genuine NB-1LH Canon brand batteries .
 Both batteries were worthless . Neither would hold a charge for any reasonable length of time for picture taking . I would not recommend purchasing these batteries from this company .
 One of the two batteries was useless right out of the box . The other worked pretty well for a few months but now does n't hold a charge for more than a few minutes . Fresh off the charger the camera is good for no more than two photos before the camera craps out .
 Battery is very low quality . You can take maybe 5 pictures before the battery indicator light is on .
 I 'm a little bit dissapointed . It was advertised the two batteries and one tripod and they just send the batteries . Besides there were China made batteries with poor quality .
 I 've taken thousands of photos in the past 13 months using these batteries in my Canon Powershot s400 and s230 digital cameras . Correction
 I bought these batteries a couple of months ago . They seemed fine for a few weeks , but now they do n't hold a charge at all . The Canon batteries are a lot more expensive , but I think I 'll stick with those next time .
 These batteries look like they fit , but the edges are slightly rounded , so they wo n't stay in the camera unless you hold it there and close the flap carefully . They work but why did they round the edges so that they do n't snap into place like my original Canon batteries did ??
 this cam sucks ... it freezes all the time . picture quality is good no offense but i have a stable os and cable internet and few progs running in the background . this stupid cam freezes every second and i reinstalled it several times . i still havent received a reply from Dlink though .
 I 've just got both D-link usb 1.1 plus the Labtec WebCam Pro . Do n't buy this product it 's the waste of money , The picture of this is very blurry not so bright and the software is not that good at all . This is the worse product of D-link . Get Labtec WebCam Pro , the picture quality much better also the software is alots better especially the motion sensor recorder that I can use to surveillance my baby sitter . I hope this will help , thank you for viewing .
 This did n't work so well for me - computer locked up and ran really slow .
 I give it 2 stars because , when it works it works great . I have had 2 and both have the same problems . On the first one , the keyboard on one side died and would restart after totally disconnecting the cables . Within a few days , it would do it again . The second one does the same but waits weeks before dropping the keyboard . I tried returning them but got nowhere.I do not recommend this product.Update Oct 8 , 2006
 Just got this KVM for a specific reason - to switch audio between two PC 's , along with the std KVM funcions . Already had a KVM that switched video , keyboard , mouse.It turned out to be a waste of money in my case . The audio switch limits the frequncy so bad , that it sounds like a cheap AM radio . There was no audio related spec on this product , but only a silly fool would design a device with such a proor performance . Do n't buy it , if you want to switch audio with it.I will be returning mine .
 Two years ago I had this product/model , no issues , general business and entertainment worked great . By accident my PC fell over and broke the USB cord . . BAD ! . Went out 3 months ago and bought a new one . . GREAT/NOT ! Went to play COD2 a FPS game and noticed the `` W '' key being held down to run the guy just stops running ? Hit it again , he starts for 3 sec then stops . REALLY ANNOYING , cant play that way . Called IOGEAR and stated the last version of this product worked fine , no issues ? What changed in this version ? No response , from the Bangalore IN , rep. state nothing changed ? He dont know , I know it has . So this product is good , for general PC work , but if your like me switching from Work PC to Home PC and want to play FPS games , this thing is junk . I now have to put a second keyboard to my PC to make this work for games . . this was a waste of $ 44 . I WANT MY OLD KVM back from IOGEAR . !!!!
 I have the same problem of my PowerEdge 400SC freezing up while using the DWL-G510 nic . Quiet frustrating with no solution . Do not purchase DLink with Dell PowerEdge 400SC .
 Comment
 Supposedly this memory card was the correct one for my camera but it did not work .
 Ca n't beat the price of a wireless router/switch and print server all in one.However the product has some real `` inconvenient '' bugs : * I have never been able to make WEP work with my Lucent wireless card * The router needs to be rebooted in average once a day , suddenly the wireless network stops working and even the wireless button on the admin interface seems to be gone * The router wo n't sync by itself with the time server , needs to be done manually with every reboot.If you do n't need the extra speed , I would recommend going for the 713p . It has been at least 3 months since the last time I had to reset that one .
 I purchased this product on February and it worked great after the initial set up but then started to drop the internet connection every few days so I had to reconfigure everything over and over . Tech support was helpful to a point but seemed to give a different answer to the problem everytime I phoned
 The DI-714P + I purchased was defective from day 1 . However , it has now taken me 2 months to go through D-Link 's technical support before they finally admited it , and I still have not been able to return it . Trying to get a hold of technical support has been a nightmare . Their email service is of no help , and their phone system habitually disconnects you or does not `` understand '' your selections . Other times the phone is busy , or the line is dead , or you get dumped into a voicemail box of someone that never calls you . Their technical support is by far the worst I have ever encoutered.If you need a router with a printer port , I strongly recommend the Netgear FM114P . It is a little more expensive , but it also includes a hardware firewall , and a real technical service department . The time I wasted on the D-Link was worth far more than the price difference .
 Buy a Linksys router instead ! The D-Link product concept is good . A wireless router with a print server built in . I can hard wire my PC for broadband at my desk , as well as use my laptop anywhere in or outside the house . With this set up , I can surf the net with both computers at the same time with one internet connection . The plus is that I can also use the printer with both computers . The problem is that I have been unable to connect to the internet with this router ! Tech support is clueless as to the problem . I have spent several days on the phone trying different scenerios without luck.The concept is great , but the equiptment is useless.Buy LINKSY , great equiptment , ran flawlessly and great tech support .
 I had the SS2624 Siemens SpeedStream router and before it broke down , it worked really well . It has almost the same features as this D-Link but it 's much cheaper.At the beginning i had little normal problems with it , but now , just sometimes and randomly -LRB- like right now -RRB- , i get low speed problems or disconnected when wireless working.One wierd thing happens , my computers sometimes gets IP address from the router 's DHCP , but cant get internet nor intranet access , and i dont think its the Wireless USB Adaptor 's fault . -LRB- ATTENTION !! I 've found out why this happens -RRB- The router comes with Firware 1.22 but once upgraded to 1.23 the router gets flawfull when working wirelessly and there is no way to downgrade it.I 've also noticed that the amber LED from my cable modem is turned on most of the time and more than before with the other router , even when there is no computer turned on.Look around in forums to see this is no joke !
 D-Link DI-714P + 2.4 GHZ Wireless Router has been my worst buy . Many problems and when contacting D-link Support many times you always get a differnt response or cause of problem . I will return it , but it has been very hard to even get approval with return and it is less then 30 days old . Returns are not even close to being reasonable when dealing with D-Link or retailers online . Also bought
 i thought this router was a great fit because it included a print server and port . worked on and off for a couple of hours then could not connect . notice two amber lights . read the manual and learned they have a LED dedicated just to inform you that their product is defective . i think that speaks for itself .
 This product does not install easily on windows xp . It created conflicts on my machine . It is definitely not `` plug and play . '' I would not purchase this product . D-Link tech support was unwilling to work through conflicts on my device manager . In the process of installation I lost all usb connections entirely .
 This product does not install easily on windows xp . It created conflicts on my machine . It is definitely not `` plug and play . '' I would not purchase this product . D-Link tech support was unwilling to work through conflicts on my device manager . In the process of installation I lost all usb connections entirely .
 This product does not install easily on windows xp . It created conflicts on my machine . It is definitely not `` plug and play . '' I would not purchase this product . D-Link tech support was unwilling to work through conflicts on my device manager . In the process of installation I lost all usb connections entirely .
 Believe the other reviews on the internet . The larger the TV , the more flimsy this becomes . The platform is too light weight for the size & weight of larger heavier TV ... even the ones the product information claims it will handle .
 I bought a NEX IA when they first came out and it was barely worth it then and is basically a paperweight now . I thought I would/could upgrade to a microdrive larger than 1 GB but no go . The largest CF card or drive I can get to work in the player is 1 GB . The player uses 2 AA batteries and is large and heavy compared to any other player on the market . The only possible good use for this paperweight is in your car , and then if you have a stack of spare CF cards loaded with music and labeled . You can buy a 12volt lighter plug in adapter to power the unit and I happen to have a cassette player that I can plug a headphone to cassette adapter into . I am trying to make it last as a car player , otherwise , I 'd toss it in the garbage .
 I have had two MP3 players -LRB- NEX IIa -RRB- from Frontier Labs and this one performed very poorly . The main problem was that the unit would n't boot up into the music player especially if the batteries were at about 25 % or less . There were times it took 15 minutes of trying to get it to finally play something . After each try , the unit would freeze up and not allow me to turn it off so I would have to remove the batteries , wait a few seconds and try again . After 5 to 10 tries it would finally play . This is very frustrating to say the least . The radio performed very well although the reception was a little weak and it lacks controls to quickly move from one end of the dial to the other . I 'm not turned off by this player just yet . Other good reviews have convinced me to replace the unit and hope the new one does n't have these troubles.UPDATE
 I never really wrote reviews before , but I should start writing more and warning people about bad products . I was looking for a cheap alternative to those Ipods , and I thought this would be it . I was unimpressed with the casing and the buttons , but I was ok with it because it was so inexpensive . But I found out the MP3s would n't play back correctly , then occasionally I see an hourglass on the screen which meant that it crashed . I had to remove the batteries to clear it up . A couple reviews mentioned the exact same problem . Do n't be misled by the 5 stars one that say it 's excellent and perfect . Please read ALL the reviews and then judge . I 'm just being honest and want to save people the hassle . I returned it and got my money back .
 OK I only paid $ 120 for the thing on sale from Amazon but the price is now back to $ 269 . At that price , do not even consider this player.Pros - sturdy construction , easy to use menu , good backlighting , decent equalizer , drag & drop download.Cons - Heavy with 2AA 's , slightest bump makes it skip even with `` hold '' button on , constantly freezes -LRB- must remove battery to reset -RRB- and usb 1.1 microdrive is as slow as a glacier.Do not get suckered by the extra bells & whistles -LRB- CF card usage , built in microphone & FM radio -RRB- . These things will have no value in the long run to anyone as the primary reason for buying an MP3 player is to play MP3 's . On that function , this player sucks big time . The 1 gig microdrive never let me load more than 540 megs of mp3 's . I kept getting a `` disk full '' pop-up once that limit was reached . Frontier support said to reformat disk and try again -LRB- this exchange occured via email as Frontier has no live person support -RRB- . I did this 2x with no change . Also , the microdrive is as slow as molasses . I kid you not , it takes about 5 hrs to download 540 megs of files . You will be at it all day . Take my advice and skip this piece of junk .
 I bought the player and it seemed like a great deal at the time.I had a hard time to get the microdrive flap open . The unit is nice but everything has that cheap plastic feel to it - like you would want to handle it very carefully lest something snaps off . After putting the microdrive and batteries in , it was pretty heavy considering the weight before that.The USB 1.0 transfer is just so SLOW ... It took 6 hours , yes 6 to load 550 MB of songs on it . That is its WEAKEST point.Radio tuner is lame and you wont get a decent signal unless your ' e standing infront of the radio station building.The unit also guzzles batteries down like an SUV.It crashes/freezes very often and to get it started again you have to remove the batteries and put thenm back in - a very annoying procedure.Good qualities
 Going to be jogging/running ? Get a flash based player.Not going to be jogging/running ? Get a drive based player.First one I got worked for 1 min . then the nav . stick would not go up , even w / the remote so I had to exchange it . Using 2100Mah NiMH batteries worked for a couple of months then it just kept freezing even w / new batteries . Suffice to say I have to use alkalines now . Battery life is poor , about 8-10 hours w / alkaline batteries . I 'm looking for an iRiver -LRB- 17hrs avg . play time on 1AA battery -RRB- . For 2AA bateries I expect better life . Updated firmware helped bugs but not battery usage even w / the backlight off all the time.compact flash door is a but flimsy but I keep it in the included case so it is not much of an issue . Radio recording is okay but the reception sucks and is restricted to 64kbps only . I do n't use the voice recording but if I went back to grad school I 'm sure I would.Sound is extremely good but not w / the included headphones . Use your own . User EQ is a nice feature but every player has that now . I 've had this Nex IA since Summer 2003 , a month after it was released . Too bad there is no better compact flash based player w/radio . Compare the features of this player and the iRiver 390T or 395T series players and you 'd be willing to give up the compact flash player for it , especially for the ability to encode to MP3 at any bit rate w / line in.I thought that I could use this as an all around MP3 player but am restriced to using it only when jogging/running because of the battery life.Pros
 My unit that quit working after 2 days . Started to skip , lose sound , and stall completely after I downloaded more than 100Mb . Also did n't quite care for the product for the following reasons :1 . Cheap plastic casing with a track button that was n't quite centered .2 . Cheap headset .3 . Software was ok but kept prompting me to upgrade -LRB- $ $ -RRB- . Returned for a refund -LRB- hopefully -RRB- ! Maybe it was just my luck , but I definitely would n't recommend it .
 Received the player with great expectations only to find it virtually unusable because of the extremely poor fit of the headset plug in the player 's jack . The plug wobbles around and loses contact so that the only way to listen to the player is to hold the plug in by hand . Still with any movement it loses contact . Frustrating for an expensive player . Am in the process of contacting Frontier Labs for repair or replacement . Will update the review later with their response .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Anway , I continued to use the mp3 player and actually found it very useful for the last six months . Last week , the FM transmitter failed and now there is a noticable hum in the mp3 playback . From the beginning it was apparent that the build quality was very questionable . As others have said , I should have paid an extra $ 50 and gotten an MP3 player from a reputable company -LRB- Apple , Creative , etc. . -RRB-
 Mp3 part is great but FM radio will not receive any station without noise . My digital walkman does receive in the same location 25 stations with perfect sound.I tryied 3 units and the same problem . If you will be lucky you will get 1 station out of 25 and still with noise . Piece of junk .
 Benefits : . Good sound quality.Inexpensive.Easy to download MP 3 files.Compact and will withstand a 5 mile run with consistent sound quality.Adequate for cd copied filesDrawbacks : . Really can not handle wma files such as those downloaded from Walmart , com . These all need to be converted to MP3 before you can copy . Their suggested work around really does n't work . This is extremely frustrating and time consuming . Not really wma compatable like they advertised . WMA files will download but wo n't play . . Get rid of the chincy headphones . Use the ones from your standard cd player . . Use is not intuitive . I eventually figured out proper player download settings by trial and error . If you do n't immediately format the 1gb flash memory , you can only load about 50 songs leaving 90 % of memory unused . You get a sideways hourglass which is not explained anywhere . Means you 've maxed out the buffered unformated space . If you format afterward , you lose everything recorded and you have to start over . Another frutration . Instructions both written and on-line from the cd are not very good . Unit was not tested properly with newer users like myself . Even my son who is a respected graduate computer engineer from CWRU -LRB- Steve Balmer 's alma mater -RRB- took more time than necessary to figure out the problems with wma.If you are going to dowload wma files -LRB- buy music off the Internet -RRB- I would pay a little more -LRB- $ 50 - $ 100 -RRB- -RRB- for a truly wma and MP3 compatable player .
 This is a pretty nice MP3 player , unless you need service . The FM reception is awful , but I knew that from reading other reviews before I bought mine . The MP3 player is quite nice . It sounds good , is easy to connect to the computer , and takes Compact Flash , which is rare in an MP3 player.Then the CF card that came with it went bad . I 've sent email and left voice-mail at least 8 times over the last month , and I have n't heard a word in response . I consider myself lucky that it 's just the CF card , since I can replace that quite easily myself -LRB- which I 've done -RRB- . If the player itself were to break during the warranty period , I 'd be completely out of luck.I 'll buy from a company that stands behind their products next time .
 I recieved the MP3 player for Christmas , and it worked fine , untill I tried to hook it up to my computer and discovered that the USB port on the player was defective . 97 % of the time , the player was n't even recognized by my computer , rendering it useless . Test the player on your computer before anything else and make sure that it works !
 I am a man of few words on this item ... It doesnt seem to work !!! Only thing working is the mp3 , Radio doesnt pick up stations , the built in recorder recordings sounds like it 's recorded under water ... it is ill made , the MP3 sound is very good to say the least ... I would not buy another product by FrontierLabs again ... EVER !!!!!!!!!
 One thing that is good is the quality of the sound -LRB- if unit works -RRB- . But the rest is just bad design . FM radio will work if you sit on the transmitting antenna of the FM transmitter . In urban area where your cheap radio is receiving 50 radio stations this one will receive one if you are lucky enough.Cheap plastic chassis , with falling apart FC card cover.Controller is not doing what you try to do , select this but it will run something else.Songs stops or skips in the middle.Battery indicator is crazy , shows half the power but unit stops.Sound level indicator is jumping like crazy with 5 seconds delay what you listen.Voice recoreder very low level . FM recordin useless because FM is not workingProduct not recommended for buying . How this was able to get to USA market . Just rip off.Technical support says all is fine but it is obviously not.Please buy iRiver or iPod you will enjoy it .
 I bought the NEX ia over other models because of the FM receiver . That was a bad decision because living just 20 miles out of central Houston I ca n't get but maybe one obsure station . Battery life is nothing like claimed . I get about 4-5 hours before it starts freezing up and skipping . My remote quit working after about a week . The download is agonizingly slow . There is no cover over the computer connect port unless you use the cover which I do for running to help protect from moisture -LRB- sweat -RRB- . On the positive the sound quality is good but you will need new headphones and it is stable while running .
 I received the NEX ia from Amazon . It was hard to get a connection with the PC . Usually took about 3 tries . It did not like re-chargeable batteries . The Joy stick started sticking . There was no service number to call in the U.S. , only an e-mail address that returned answers after one day with simple minded questions to a question that got me nowhere . The manual was very poor . I sent it back . The user interface of the unit was fine except for not being able to monitor NIMH battery levels . Their support by email only was unacceptable .
 I would rate Frontier Labs with a big zero if it were an option , otherwise they get a 1 . The MP3 player we bought was a piece of junk . Crashed repeatedly and locked up regularly . Customer service was terrible and no help whatsoever . We ended up with a pricey paper weight ; and would never buy anything from Frontier Labs again !!!!!!!!! Make sure you shop around before buying .
 Why nobody even mention about this . Looks like review done by manufacturer.I tryied 3 units the same problem FM can receive 1 radio station in San Francisco area . My 5 $ digital walkman can receive 25 stations in perfect quality.So , FM recording feature is useless , because there is noise only .
 I wanted something different , and I thought saving a few dollars would be a good idea as well so I ordered my Nex ia for $ 69.00 back in August . When it arrived about 2 weeks later , a smaller carton , which contained the unit was rolling around in this huge UPS shipper . I 'll bet it took a good beating on it 's voyage to the east coast.I loaded the unit with a 16 Mp CF card that was left over from a camera I put some music on it and tried it out . I heard music play , but the navigation did n't work . I could n't get the controls to do what they are supposed to do . It would scroll between all the menus but I could n't access them . After the attempt of trying to call their service hotline -LRB- which happens to be Hong Kong and a 13 hour difference -RRB- I returned it asking for a replacement , which they said would be sent immediately . I did this on August 26th . By Sept 21st , I was getting tired of waiting and sent an e-mail to their Customer support . A reply was received within an hour saying that the new unit is being rushed 2-day air . It turned out to be a 4-day crawl . When I received unit 2 , I was pretty excited . I bought a 512 Mb CF card , installed it and loaded a bunch of music on it using the supplied USB cable , which took forever . When it was done I fired it up and I got nothing . I tried to load the card using a reader -LRB- much quicker -RRB- , but that did nothing either . I put the old 16 Mb CF card in and it played fine.It was back to Customer support with me asking them to take it back . I received an e-mail saying they would supply me a UPS shipper within two days , but in the meantime , did I try their firmware update because they 've used plenty of 512 cards via a reader with no problems . My big question is how come the unit does n't arrive with the latest firmware , and why was I sent to a completely different website for the firmware update ?!? How would I have known one was required when there is no direction as to where one needs to find the information?Well , I finally got the unit working . It plays fine , but has some operational quirks . BTW , the raido is garbage at best . A real waste . It cost me a ton of time and under $ 200.00 total for half a gig of music . It was $ 69.00 for the player , $ 100.00 for the card and $ 15.00 for better headphones.I should have paid about $ 65.00 more as I would have gotten a 20 gig player . The Nex ia is mediocre . Their service is lukewarm . I 'm actually thinking of placing the Nex Ia in my vice and seeing how it looks slimmed down . I 'll remove the 512 card first though .
 I was not impressed with this item and now must submit to the lengthy return process . The software included did not work , the customer support line was a phone call to HONG KONG and the directions were difficult to follow . Keep shopping , this is not the MP3 player for you .
 Why nobody even mention about this . Looks like review done by manufacturer.I tryied 3 units the same problem FM can receive 1 radio station in San Francisco area . My 5 $ digital walkman can receive 25 stations in perfect quality.So , FM recording feature is useless , because there is noise only .
 i bought this player last week , today i received it , but when i tried to install the drivers on my laptop they does n't install and there is no way of loading songs in this mp3playercan anybody help me with thisi liked the piece but wht the use when i am not able to load songs into it thought my laptop . my laptop has wondows XPso plz help me
 This D-Link DUB-C2 cardbus adapter for USB2 but caused so many problems I gave up on it . Hours with D-Link support but card never produced USB2 speeds.I bought an ADS Tech Dual-Link cardbus adapter DLX-181 that arrived today . Nice card
 I bought one of these about a year ago . Note that there were two versions of the DUB-C2 made , and the revision A1 was more or less abandoned by D-Link with horrible drivers and very poor compatibility . The revision A2 , however , is still supported with drivers as recent as May 2005 . Make sure of what you 're getting.I have an A1 model . I 've had several corrupted hard drives from trying to use it with a USB2-IDE adapter cable under XP , and on OS X ` Tiger ' on my G3 Powerbook , it causes the machine to lock up if it tries to go to sleep while the card is inserted . In other words , this card is junk .
 Try to install it on my Compaq EVO N600c laptop running Win 2000 professional and keep crashing . Called Tech Support wait for 30 minutes and was told BIOS need to update BIOS before it will work . Ask what BIOS and version it will support and was told that thet did not know and I should contact Compaq . Updated BIOS from Compaq and still does not work . Returned product and will not deal with DLINK again .
 Upon seeing the last few gigabytes of our laptops ' hard drives dwindling down , my friend and I invested in external Iomega USB 2.0 120GB hard drives . Our computers were only USB 1.1 , so we decided to look for an option to allow ourselves the speed of USB 2 . The D-link DUBC2 was the cheapest and simplest solution , and for about 30 dollars we both purchased one . Now my friend 's card came to him in good shape , but mine arrived with the plastic casing not even closed around the ports . In fact , I could n't even hold it together with tape . The construction is second rate . I could n't comment on the transfer rate , because I never paid too much attention . It did n't seem too fast , however . Finally , into a few weeks of usage , the card began to lose connection with the drive or any device connected to it if anything was moved - the computer or the cable . This is a major , major pain with a mobile computer . I would not recommend this product whatsoever , albeit for my own defective product and for the fact that someone would ship it in the condition it was in . Spend the extra money for a quality card if you really need it .
 1 . Windows XP had difficulties to validate the drivers that came with the cd-rom .2 . After installed the drivers , the transfer rate between the Sony laptop and a USB2 external cd-rom was many times slower than the USB 1.0 port ...
 This radio has a very good rich sound for such a small speaker . The 1 bulb LED flashlight is brighter than I thought it would be . The rubberized case is solid and durable . Two minutes of cranking has consistently provided 45 minutes of play time at average volume . There are 3 big drawbacks . 1 . The tuning knob is very small and next to impossible to read . 2 . The crank handle is the smallest I 've seen and feels like it will break easily . 3 . The worst feature is the on/off switch for the flashlight . It is a `` push '' round button mounted on the side that keeps turning itself on when you hold the radio or pick it up . They should have used a `` slide '' switch and put it in a different area .
 I got this wind up Radio & Light because we had a 12 hour blackout here in San Diego and I wanted a radio I could listen to in future emergencies . This thing was very hard to crank . I tried to crank it for 4 minutes and never got any power for light or radio . Then I tried cranking it again and the fold out handle broke . I never got it cranked enough to get any power . Bad design , fragile handle and very hard to crank . Not surprised the handle broke .
 Have received and reviewed this item . I cranked it for 2 minutes . The radio played no longer than 2-3 minutes then died . I tried to crank it longer - same results . It is useless . It 's large and bulky -LRB- though very sleek and nice -RRB- . The cranking handle looks fragile and I suspect with all the cranking this toy needs , it will break sooner than later . Bottom line
 This light has many uses . With the batteries in , you can use it as a crummy flashlight or decent small radio . Without the batteries it has many more uses . You can use it as a dog toy or paperweight . You can use it to build up callouses in your hands and fingers and also use it to build the muscles in your forearms . You can crank it long enough to create the heat necessary to warm a small cup of snow to make water ; longer if you want to heat some tea . If you think your fingers are working too well and not getting skinned up often enough to look tough , this will fix that . You could probably use it in the wild to throw at a small animal or even to aggravate large beasts like grizzly bears . Perhaps they would think it was a giant bumblebee and would leave you alone . The `` dynamo '' switch on the side that goes from battery power to crank power will provide you with the best joke of the day , and you will laugh for hours at the double-irony ; surely Hummer meant that ! In addition to these many uses , it also will make you a better person . You will build a commendable amount of patience cranking this thing for twenty or thirty minutes at a time , only to have it not work at all . How many people get great experiences like that in life ? I think it 's worth twice what I paid for that bit of character-building alone . On top of all that , your friends and family will only laugh at you for a few minutes , then after a while their empathy will kick in and your relationships will grow as they pity you and try and be there for you in your time of sheer pathetic realization .
 This worked ok for 1 month . Now it crashes every 5 min . I thought it was a video card at first , so I bought a second video card , but it does the same thing . Well at least I 'll have crossfire when I get a new motherboard from a different company.Oh and their update update tool does n't work . Not a big deal to go to the site and download the latest one . But why even include that software if it does n't work . ASUS = Another Screwed Up Schematic
 At first Iloved this player , sadly after a few weeks the constant resets and lockups started to bother me often need to be left alone while the battery discharged . After owning it for a few months It wo n't even start up anymore I 've sent it back to pogo and got it `` fixed '' only to have it lock up on starting every time 3 weeks after getting it back . My advice save your cash and get a diffrent player
 This player is not `` yet released '' , a piece of information not showing anywhere , only given to me via email from amazon on the last day of the shipping estimate , two weeks after the initial order.The 1 star rating refers to amazon.com , as I unfortunately still can not say anything about the pogo ! player ... To the unsuspecting customer , it still shows as available.Very aggravating ...
 i have been waiting 4 a reviw to be writen on this product 4 ages !!! i would really be greatful if some1 would write one and let every1 know what they are getting themselves in for when buying it !!! also can this product read files such as `` microsoft word '' files ? thanks a million !! :0 -RRB- p.s. how long has this product not been available ??
 This is not a picture of what I got . Three times you sent me the cables with two male ends . You can not extend this cable with two male ends . The picture clearly shows one male end and one female end . I had to spend an extra $ 20 at another site to buy an adapter to make these work . I am very displeased with Amazon.com and will probably never use it again.Lee Burgin
 As far as I could determine , the only slot that worked on this piece of junk was the USB port . I only have SD and CF media cards , but the device would n't recognize either of those . There are indicator lights for each slot , and when I would plug the card in , the light would go on , but Windows XP never recognized the card . No drives appear in My Computer and there 's nothing in Device Manager . I might have figured it was just a defective unit , but the drive seems poorly manufactured . For $ 18 I would have expected better quality . The CF slot was practically unusable , as the opening is too wide and it was challenging to get the card lined up with the pins . Everything about this device stinks of cheap manufacturing . I repackaged mine and returned it to Amazon for a refund . My advice
 I used to be able to purchase this item at Meijer for $ 9.97 , but now I have to pay over $ 12 for this on the internet . If the seller lowered their price to $ 10 , it would be a better review .
 All 8 tapes were opened . Usually they come individually wrapped . So far one of them is defective and could not be used .
 tapes will only let you record once . if you try recording over them the picture becomes distorted and unviewable . happened with all 8 tapes .
 Do n't buy these tapes . I 'll have to throw them away . This standard grade must not be any good . Next time I will order a better grade .
 This tape skipped , when being recorded on , as they are no longer making this tape , and it was very old , having probably sat on the shelf for who-knows-how-long !! Once they stopped making VCRs , it seems they stopped manufacturing tape for them , and are now trying to sell off old stock ! Since there is no `` expiration date '' on the box , you have no way of knowing how old it is , but the recording results do not lie ... you get bad recordings that are not watchable !!
 This tape is terrible , at least on extra-long play into a standard TV set . I would have given it two stars because I * have * seen worse -- just not recently -- but since there is no way I 'm buying this product again I decided one star was fair . If I have to raid an hour here , an hour there from my old tapes that 's preferable to peering at this.I do n't use SP speed , because I 'm not archiving TV shows . All I ask is that I be able to watch my programs with enough quality that I can see what the characters are doing.I just bought a replacement VCR and these tapes . The picture quality -LRB- on EP -RRB- was intolerably grainy , similar to non-HDTV through an antenna . So after testing recording and playback on several brands of tape of different ages I returned my new JVC VCR and bought a Sony instead . But the new one 's recordings were still very grainy . Oh no ! But I took a deep breath and ran the same tests . Turns out the problem is these Maxell tapes ! The Sony records acceptably well on my * old * videotapes . The quality is n't as good as my old broken RCA , but it 's tolerable . -- So this leaves me with the question of whether there are any affordable videotapes sold these days that are watchable ?
 I have been ordering this item for over 6 months , once , sometimes twice a month . In that time , I had maybe two or three defective tapes . This last shipment , the tapes had obviously being re-packaged -LRB- poorly , I might say -RRB- and closed with mailing tape . I assumed some kind of quality control had been done . Boy , was I wrong . 4 of the 8 tapes were defective -LRB- plastic case crushed in corner , or broken lid , and in one case , tape loose and off the spool . -RRB- Our nearest post office is over 5 miles away , and so is UPS . UPS will not pick up from my residence unless I am present to hand it to them . So , the nuisance value of a return makes this just not worth it . Beware buyers ... you may be buying garbage . Plus , the item description says `` NEW '' , and in this case , it obviously was NOT TRUE !!! What a disappointment in Amazon . I have thought they were better than that .
 I thought this was the best thing ever . I loved the capabilities to carry data at the same time as music . I loved being able to run with it -LRB- with no skipping or problems at all -RRB- and it was easy to transfer.I do n't like how the songs play in alphabetical order . and MOST OF ALL - i hate the fact that they only have a 90 day warranty ! Mine stopped being recognized by computers a month ago , and creative labs -LRB- terrible cust . service by the way -RRB- is telling me i have to pay 40 bucks to get it fixed . I really have a hard time trusting in these products when creative labs themselves ca n't trust the products they make enough to give them at least a 1 yr warranty . I suggest not taking the risk on this one ... and just spend a bit more money and get something w/a better warranty and something that 's better -- Ipod .
 This is a great product while it works . It is compact , reliable , and easy to use -LRB- just drag your music files to the player as if it were a removable disk drive -RRB- . But beware
 I could n't believe when I saw this . What an antique ! 256 MEGA-BYTES ! for $ 147 ! I can get 16 GIGA-BYTES for the same price that 's 64 times the space . How about the SanDisk Sansa View 16 GB Video MP3 Player -LRB- sold on Amazon -RRB- for $ 119 and it plays videos and has an FM radio too . Come on Amazon take this ancient piece of carp off your inventory or sell it for what it 's worth -LRB- about 50 cents -RRB- SanDisk Sansa e280 8 GB MP3 Player -LRB- Black -RRB-
 bought it here for $ 75 and thought I won the lottery ... downloaded my music into it and then began the headaches . . i could n't play back any of the tunes ... the owner 's manual/user guide is sad and incomplete , in all 20 languages . . . the cd-rom which lists a user guide had none . . and so i had either a faulty unit or i just could n't figure out how to play back the tunes with the included instructions ... either way it 's on the way back to amazon with some great tunes that someone in the returns/repair department might get to listen to .
 Bought this and just after a month the volume up button stopped working . Sent it back to manufacturer -LRB- Creative Labs -RRB- for repair/replacement and they refused to honor the warranty , claiming `` misuse '' ! This is nonsense . all I did was use it while walking , jogging , etc. . The buttons are cheaply made and flimsy , but their policy is even more outrageous . A total ripoff !
